--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 June 2023 
 
 
 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution) 
€75,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Caisse Française de Financement Local (the "Issuer", 
"Caisse Française de Financement Local" or "CAFFIL"), subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer and the 
Obligations Foncières, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the "Obligations Foncières") benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as more fully described herein. The aggregate nominal amount of Obligations Foncières outstanding will not at any time 
exceed €75,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Obligations Foncières). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Obligations Foncières.  
Application may be made for Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the AMF on the 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any member state (the "Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), appearing on 
the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on its website (each, a "Regulated Market"). The Obligations Foncières 
may also be admitted to trading on any other stock exchange or may not be admitted to trading on any market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (forms of which are 
contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Obligations Foncières will specify whether or not such Obligations Foncières will be admitted to trading and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Obligations Foncières on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of Obligations Foncières 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 12 June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Obligations Foncières. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Obligations Foncières may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Obligations Foncières") or in materialised form ("Materialised Obligations Foncières") 
as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Obligations Foncières.  
It is expected that the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme will be rated AA+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and/or Aaa by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's") and/or AAA by DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS") and by their respective successors 
and/or any other rating agency. The rating (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of S&P, Moody's and/or DBRS is 
established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Obligations Foncières will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme will benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label created by ordinance (ordonnance) No. 
2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision. The authorization to use this label has been granted by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) to Caisse Française de Financement Local on 6 September 2022. However, no representation is made that any Obligations Foncières to be issued 
under the Programme will actually be and remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. 
Since 1 January 2013, Caisse Française de Financement Local benefits for all its obligations foncières from the Covered Bond Label granted by the Covered Bond Label Foundation. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under section entitled "Risk factors" of this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Obligations 
Foncières issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
 
Permanent Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time 
(each a "Supplement" and together the "Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to, 
the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières, which contains the necessary information which is material to 
investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position 
and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Obligations Foncières, the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the Issuer and may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference (see section entitled 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of 
Obligations Foncières, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Obligations Foncières and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined herein). Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Obligations Foncières in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Obligations Foncières and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see section entitled "Subscription and Sale" below. 
NOTICE 
Each prospective investor in Obligations Foncières must determine, based on its own independent review and 
such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Obligations Foncières is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is 
fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and 
suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding 
the Obligations Foncières. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Obligations Foncières 
or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the Obligations Foncières by a 
prospective investor in the Obligations Foncières, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different) or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE 
INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Obligations Foncières must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Obligations 
Foncières, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Obligations Foncières and the information 
contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Obligations Foncières and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Obligations Foncières, including Obligations Foncières with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Obligations Foncières and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Obligations Foncières 
(in particular to determine whether and to what extent (i) Obligations Foncières are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Obligations Foncières can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase of any Obligations Foncières). 
Some Obligations Foncières are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Obligations Foncières which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial advisor) to evaluate 
how the Obligations Foncières will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
such Obligations Foncières and the impact this investment will have on the overall investment portfolio of the 
potential investor. 
The Materialised Obligations Foncières are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Obligations Foncières. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any other 
information incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference 
should purchase the Obligations Foncières. Each potential purchaser of Obligations Foncières should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Obligations Foncières should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Obligations Foncières of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Arranger or the Dealers. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Obligations Foncières. A 
rating assigned to the Obligations Foncières is based on the Issuer's financial situation but takes into account

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Obligations 
Foncières, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Obligations Foncières. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Obligations Foncières linked to an inflation index which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published monthly 
by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") or (ii) the harmonised index 
of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or the relevant substitute index measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union, as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (each, an "Inflation Index" and 
together, the "Inflation Indices") (the "Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières") are not in any way sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat makes 
no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the 
use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which each such indices stands at any particular time. 
The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may 
be, without regard to the Issuer or the Obligations Foncières. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is 
not responsible for, or has not participated in, the determination of the timing, prices or quantities of the 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest 
payable under such Obligations Foncières.  
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as 
to the Inflation Indices. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Obligations 
Foncières may acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the Inflation Indices that is or may be 
material in the context of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières. The issue of Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the holders of Obligations 
Foncières or any other party such information (whether or not confidential).  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE RELATING TO GREEN OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES, SOCIAL OBLIGATIONS 
FONCIÈRES OR SUSTAINABILITY OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in green Obligations Foncières (the "Green Obligations Foncières"), social Obligations Foncières 
(the "Social Obligations Foncières") or sustainability Obligations Foncières (the "Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières"), as the case may be, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of proceeds for any 
loan will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by the Issuer's own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or social impact of any loan or uses related to any loan. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes a "green", a "social", a "sustainability" or an equivalently-labelled asset. In addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any loan or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and in particular with any loan, to fulfil any 
environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Green Obligations Foncières, such Social Obligations Foncières or such Sustainability Obligations Foncières, 
as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the second party opinions, nor any such other opinion 
or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Obligations 
Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières to fulfil environmental 
or social criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor 
are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Green Obligations 
Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, 
meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds or the allocation by the Issuer of the proceeds 
(or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) of the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières 
or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières.  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières, as the case may be, shall not depend on the performance of the relevant loan. 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) any 
Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged 
retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) 
any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on 5 February 20181 
and which channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Obligations Foncières is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such 
Obligations Foncières, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for distribution 
of the Obligations Foncières are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Obligations Foncières is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Obligations Foncières, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Obligations Foncières, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are "capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
1 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 51 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS .................... 56 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS..................................................................................................... 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES ................................................................... 59 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED OBLIGATIONS 
FONCIÈRES .......................................................................................................................................................... 118 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 120 
DESCRIPTION OF CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL ........................................................ 121 
THE LEGAL REGIME APPLICABLE TO CAFFIL ............................................................................................ 125 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................... 131 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................... 137 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ........................................................... 142 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................................................. 144 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ................................................................................................................................... 145 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 148 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................... 149 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ................................................................................................................................. 156 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ................................................................................................................................. 182 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 209 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS........................ 214

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Obligations Foncières, the relevant Final Terms. The Obligations Foncières will be issued on such terms as 
shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" below shall have 
the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local, a limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under French law and a société de crédit foncier duly 
licensed as a French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 1 October 1999. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
 
549300E6W08778I4OW85 
Website: 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr  
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or as Permanent Dealers under the Programme. References 
in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons referred 
to above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the 
Issuer, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives applicable to the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières, may 
from time to time issue obligations foncières (the "Obligations Foncières") 
the principal and interest of which benefit from the statutory priority right of 
payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (the "Privilège") (for further description, see section 
entitled "The Legal Regime Applicable to CAFFIL" of this Base Prospectus). 
Label 
European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €75,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Obligations 
Foncières) aggregate nominal amount of Obligations Foncières issued under 
the Programme outstanding at any time. 
The Programme Limit may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the amended and restated dealer 
agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent 
Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Obligations Foncières: 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer 
and/or the Obligations Foncières and material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risk associated with the Obligations Foncières and of which 
prospective investors should be aware. Such risks may alter its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Obligations Foncières towards investors. 
These are set out under section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Obligations Foncières may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis.  
Series and Tranches: 
The Obligations Foncières will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue date(s). The Obligations Foncières of each Series will be 
fungible with all Obligations Foncières of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche 
(the "Final Terms"). The Obligations Foncières of a Tranche of each Series 
will be fungible with all Obligations Foncières of the other Tranches of that 
Series.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Obligations Foncières may have any maturity as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Obligations Foncières may be denominated and/or payable in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise 
requires, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency of 
the participating Member States of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" 
and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references 
to "$", "USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are 
to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "CHF" and "Swiss francs" are 
to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to "CAD" and 
"Canadian Dollars" are to the lawful currency of Canada. 
Denomination(s): 
The Obligations Foncières shall be issued in the Specified Denomination set 
out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations 
Foncières (including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières shall be issued in one denomination 
only. 
Redenomination: 
Obligations Foncières denominated in the national currency of a European 
Member State that subsequently becomes a participating Member State in 
the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as 
provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
from time to time) may be subject to redenomination into Euro (see section 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination" of this Base Prospectus). 
Form 
of 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Obligations Foncières may be issued either in dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised Obligations Foncières") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Obligations Foncières"). 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder of Obligations 
Foncières, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières. 
Materialised Obligations Foncières will be in bearer form (au porteur) only. 
A Temporary Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Tranche of Materialised Obligations Foncières. Materialised Obligations 
Foncières may only be issued outside France. 
Status 
of 
the 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
The Obligations Foncières and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to 
them constitute direct, unconditional and, pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Privilège), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and 
will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
equally and rateably with all other present or future obligations foncières of 
the Issuer (including the Obligations Foncières of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Obligations Foncières benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) 
(see sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières - 
Privilège" and "The Legal Regime Applicable to CAFFIL" of this Base 
Prospectus). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Obligations Foncières bear 
interest. The length of the interest periods for the Obligations Foncières and 
the applicable interest rate may differ from time to time or be constant for 
any Series. Obligations Foncières may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both, provided that in no event will the relevant 
interest amount be less than zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Obligations Foncières to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Fixed 
Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, CMS 
Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10), 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin and calculated and payable 
as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest, or 
both, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than 
zero.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Formula 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Formula Obligations Foncières will bear interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
Index Formula, Underlying Formula, CPI Formula or HICP Formula, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Formulas relating to Obligations 
Foncières are only applicable for Obligations Foncières having a 
denomination of at least €100,000. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Obligations Foncières:  
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may be converted from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, all on the 
date set out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically.  
Fixed 
Rate/Formula 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Solely for Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least 
€100,000, Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières may be converted 
from a Fixed Rate to a Formula or from a Formula to a Fixed Rate, all on the 
date set out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer where 
the interest and/or principal in respect of such Obligations Foncières will be 
calculated by reference to an Inflation Index Ratio derived from:  
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published 
monthly by the INSEE; or 
(ii) 
the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or the 
relevant substitute index measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union, as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat. 
Events of Default: 
None. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Obligation 
Foncière shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Maturity Date") at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which is (i) its nominal amount (except in the case of Zero Coupon 
Obligations Foncières) or (ii) an amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(c)). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Obligations Foncières may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and if so the terms applicable 
to such redemption among the options described in Condition 6 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
No Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will not, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be redeemed early for taxation reasons.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Taxation (withholding tax): 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Obligations Foncières or Coupons shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Obligations Foncières 
should consult its tax adviser as to the tax consequences of any investment 
in, or ownership and disposition of, the Obligations Foncières. 
No additional amounts: 
If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding 
or deduction. 
Representation of holders of 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Holders of Obligations Foncières will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce, as 
amended or supplemented by Condition 10 (Representation of holders of 
Obligations Foncières). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions of the relevant 
holders of Obligations Foncières. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières and, in relation to Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the lettre comptable or the 
application form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Obligations Foncières may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The price and amount of the Obligations Foncières to be issued

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Approval and validity of the 
Base Prospectus: 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Obligations 
Foncières. 
Application has been made for the delivery by the AMF of a certificate of 
approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority in 
Luxembourg for the purpose of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 
relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) which implements the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of 
Obligations Foncières on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public 
of Obligations Foncières pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation until 12 June 2024, provided that it is completed 
by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an 
investment in the Obligations Foncières. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Admission 
to 
trading 
of 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Application may be made for Obligations Foncières to be issued under the 
Programme during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the 
approval granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined 
below). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of 
regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (the "ESMA") on its website (a "Regulated Market"). 
The Obligations Foncières may also be admitted to trading on any other 
stock exchange, or may not be admitted to trading on any market. The 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Obligations Foncières 
will specify whether or not such Obligations Foncières will be admitted to 
trading and, if so, the relevant market.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Non-Exempt 
Offer 
of 
Obligations Foncières: 
Obligations Foncières may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt 
offer in France, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and, to the extent the 
AMF has provided the competent authority of the relevant member state (the 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, 
any supplement related thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in any Member State of the EEA, if the relevant Final 
Terms provide it and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Green Obligations Foncières: 
Green Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based 
on the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA") and the Issuer has requested a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with the Green Bond 
Principles.  
For each issue of Green Obligations Foncières, there will be an allocation 
reporting and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net 
proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation 
reports are available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-
sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Social Obligations Foncières: 
Social Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as 
defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social Loans 
as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework.  
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework are based on the Social Bond Principles 
(the "SBP") published by the ICMA and the Issuer has requested a Social 
Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and a 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment 
with the SBP.  
For each issue of Social Obligations Foncières, there will be an allocation 
reporting and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net 
proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation reports 
are available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Sustainability 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible 
Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based 
on the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG") published by the ICMA 
and the Issuer has requested a Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party 
Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework assessing its alignment with the SBG.  
For each issue of Sustainability Obligations Foncières, there will be an 
allocation reporting and an independent third party will verify the allocation 
of the net proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation 
reports are available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-
sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Obligations Foncières will (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer either: 
(i) 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Green Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the 
Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
(iii) in the case of Social Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as 
defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social 
Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework; or  
(iv) in the case of Sustainability Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible 
Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
(v) 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue 
of Obligations Foncières for which there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
Ratings: 
Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated AA+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and/or Aaa by 
Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and/or AAA by DBRS Ratings GmbH or 
any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity ("DBRS") and by their respective successors and/or any other rating

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
agency. Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is appearing on the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published 
by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
The rating (if any) of Obligations Foncières to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Obligations Foncières will be subject to selling 
restrictions (see section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this Base 
Prospectus) in various jurisdictions, in particular the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland, Japan, Republic of 
Italy, Norway and the EEA including France. 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time and the Final Terms relating to any issue of Obligations 
Foncières admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation are available on the websites of 
the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr, for at least ten years 
as from the Issue Date of such Obligations Foncières) and of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
So long as any of the Obligations Foncières are outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will also be available for inspection and obtainable 
upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any 
weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 
75015 Paris, France) and, except for the document referred to in sub-
paragraph 
(a) 
below, 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr): 
(a) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and 
interim financial statements of the Issuer; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or further base prospectus (in each case published 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation); 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Obligations Foncières that are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-
Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA; 
(f) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Governing Law: 
The Obligations Foncières, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are risk factors which Caisse Française de Financement Local believes are specific to Caisse Française 
de Financement Local and/or the Obligations Foncières and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Obligations Foncières.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfill its obligations 
under Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. 
In each category below Caisse Française de Financement Local sets out the most material risks in first according to each 
assessment, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality 
of the risks has been assessed based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact on Caisse Française de Financement Local.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. Additional risks not included in this risk factors section 
below, e.g. because they are currently not material or not known by Caisse Française de Financement Local, may result 
in material risks in the future. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
document deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the relevant Final Terms and reach their own views in light 
of their financial circumstances and investment objectives prior to making any investment decision. In particular, 
investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Obligations Foncières prior to investing 
in Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The following risks factors are presented from the most important to the less, as result of the crossing of the likelihood 
of their occurrence and of the level of their impact in case of occurrence. 
The following table gives the detail of the risk factors identified and indicates, for each of them, the likelihood of 
their occurrence and their negative impact on the Issuer on the date of this Base Prospectus. The likelihood of the 
occurrence is graded on a four-level scale ("Very Unlikely", "Unlikely", "Likely" and "Very Likely") and the 
magnitude of their negative impact is graded on a three-level scale ("Low", "Moderate" and "Significant"). Within 
each of the below mentioned categories, the risks have been listed according to this grading, the risks with the 
combination of the highest likelihood and negative impact coming first. 
 
Likelihood 
Impact 
1) 
Legal and tax risks 
 
 
1.1 Risks arising from implementation of Basel III 
Risk-Weighted Asset Framework 
Likely 
Moderate 
1.2 Risk arising from European and French laws and 
regulations 
Likely 
Moderate 
 
1.3 Risks relating to any litigation with a 
counterparty/borrower or tax authority 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
2) 
Credit and counterparty risks 
 
 
2.1 Risk of default in the Cover Pool 
Likely 
Moderate

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
2.2 Risk of geographic concentration in the Cover 
Pool 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
2.3 Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3) 
Financial risks 
 
 
3.1 Credit rating of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's Obligations Foncières will be 
affected by the credit rating of Sfil and the French 
State 
Likely 
Moderate 
 
3.2 Liquidity risk  
 
 
 
3.2.1 Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may 
affect the Issuer's ability to settle its debt 
commitments in a timely fashion  
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
3.2.2 Dependence on Sfil for the 
unsecured funding of its over-collateral 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
3.3 Risks linked to financial conditions offered for 
export credit refinancing loans 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
3.4 Caisse Française de Financement Local may be 
exposed to interest rate risk or changes in other 
market parameters 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4) 
Operational and non-compliance risks 
 
 
4.1 Non-compliance risk 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 4.2 Operational risk  
 
 
 
4.2.1 Risk of failure or malfunction of the 
operational risk management systems put 
in place by Sfil 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
4.2.2 Risks relating to dependence on Sfil 
for its operations 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
5) 
Business activity risks - Caisse Française de Financement 
Local may face a decrease in its activity and its margins in 
the local authority and municipal lending market or in the 
refinancing of export credit 
Unlikely 
Significant 
6) 
Société de crédit foncier specific risk 
 
 
 
6.1 Risks linked to compliance with the coverage 
ratio required of it under French law 
Very unlikely 
Significant

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
6.2 Compliance of the assets in the Cover Pool with 
the eligibility criteria 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
1 
Legal and tax risks  
1.1. 
Risk arising from implementation of Basel III Risk-Weighted Asset Framework 
The Issuer and Sfil group (composed of Sfil and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Sfil Group")) are subject to 
prudential regulations applicable to credit institutions and have to comply with the current Capital Requirements 
Regulation and Capital Requirements Directive, as described below. As of 31 December 2022, Caisse Française 
de Financement Local's capital level is high (CET1 capital ratio: 38,0%).  
The revised framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") 
("Basel III") was implemented under EU legislation through the "CRD IV package" which consists of Directive 
n° 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Directive"), Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Regulation") and the relevant 
subsequent delegated regulations. A number of new requirements arising from the CRD IV package was 
implemented under French law through Law no. 2013-672 dated 26 July 2013 relating to the separation and 
regulation of banking activities. The implementation of the CRD IV package at the legislative level was finalized 
under French law by Ordinance (ordonnance) n°2014-158 dated 20 February 2014 and subsequent implementing 
decrees and orders (arrêtés). 
The CRD IV package has been amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II Regulation" and, together with the CRD V Directive, the "CRD V 
package"), which were published in the European Union's Official Journal on 7 June 2019.  
They notably provide for: 
• 
leverage ratio calculation rules tailored to the specific nature of public development banks; 
• 
a weighting of the Net Stable Funding Ratio tailored to encumbered assets included in the covered bond 
issuer's cover pool. 
The CRD V package came into force on 27 June 2019. The CRD V Directive has been implemented under French 
law by Ordinance (ordonnance) n°2020-1635 dated 21 December 2020 and Decree n°2020-1637 dated 22 
December 2020. The CRR II Regulation is directly applicable in all member states of the European Union (the 
"EU") apart from certain portion that will apply as from 28 June 2023. 
In order to finalise Basel III reforms, the Basel Committee decided in December 2017 to introduce new revisions 
seeking to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") and improve the comparability 
of banks' capital ratios by: 
• 
enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk, credit valuation 
adjustment ("CVA") risk and operational risk; 
• 
constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing floors on certain inputs used to calculate 
capital requirements under the internal ratings-based approach ("IRBA") for credit risk and by removing 
the use of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk: for instance, the input loss 
given default ("LGD") for "institutions" -including regional governments and local authorities ("RGLA") 
- was set at 45%; and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
• 
introducing a progressive output floor on RWAs based on the Committee's revised Basel III standardised 
approaches. 
In order to implement at the European level the December 2017 Basel Committee decisions, the European 
Commission published on 27 October 2021 a legislative proposal to amend the Capital Requirements Regulation 
and the Capital Requirements Directive. The proposal for a regulation amending the Capital Requirements 
Regulation as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and 
the output floor provides notably for the creation of a specific IRBA category for exposures to RGLA and public 
sector entities ("PSE"), henceforth distinct from that dedicated to "institutions". It also provides for a minimum LGD 
level of 25% for this category, identical to that applicable to corporate exposures, but reduced compared to the 
December 2017 Basel Committee decisions, which had set it at 45%. However, this proposal from the European 
Commission could potentially affect the current capital requirements of the Issuer.  
Furthermore, this proposal, inter alia, aims at requiring credit institutions to systematically identify, disclose and 
manage risks in connection with environmental and sustainability growth ("ESG Risks") as part of their risk 
management, and introducing regular climate stress testing of credit institutions by national supervisors to enhance 
the focus on ESG Risks in the prudential framework. 
This proposal must be discussed in the trialogue with the European Parliament and the Council and will in any case 
not apply before 1 January 2025. 
The magnitude of the impact of Basel III will depend on the particular asset structure of each bank and its precise 
impact on the Issuer cannot be quantified with certainty at this time: a number of elements will have to be discussed 
in this context, in particular the level of LGD finally applicable as well as the possibility of exempting development 
loans from the calculation of the output floor. The moderate qualification of the risk impact related to this future 
regulation is also linked to the possibility of treating the Sfil Group's RGLA/PSE exposures according to the standard 
method. 
In addition, the implementation of Basel III, the CRD V package and any of their expected amendments could affect 
the risk weighting of the covered bonds in respect of certain investors to the extent that those investors are subject 
to the new guidelines resulting from the implementation of the CRD V package. 
1.2. 
Risk arising from European and French laws and regulations 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's business operations are governed by European and French laws and 
regulations and are subject to supervision by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR") and also by the European Central Bank at the consolidated level of 
Sfil. Any changes to the current French legislation (in particular legislation relating to the issuance of obligations 
foncières and the privilège attached to such obligations foncières) could adversely affect Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
Any change in the current European legislation for European Covered Bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") and article 129 of 
the Capital Requirements Regulation) could adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
In addition, to maintain its "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for its issues, Caisse Française de 
Financement Local has to comply with the European legislation for European Covered Bonds which includes an 
eligibility criteria for some assets and derivatives in the cover pool which is in particular subject to changes in ratings 
granted by rating agencies. This could lead to exclude assets and derivatives from the cover pool in case of 
downgrade of these counterparties (especially hedging derivatives, cash investments in the form of bank exposures 
and some run-off assets with local authorities outside the European Union). This could adversely affect Caisse 
Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
Moreover, Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme may no longer be allowed to use the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label at any time until their maturity.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
1.3. 
Risks relating to any litigation with a counterparty/borrower or tax authority 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to legal and tax risk which can be defined as the risk of any 
litigation with a counterparty/borrower or tax authority resulting from any misunderstanding, lack or insufficiency 
that may be attributed to the Issuer in the exercise of its activities. Certain legal and legislative changes in the EU 
local government and municipal lending market may also expose Caisse Française de Financement Local to financial 
and reputational risk.  
The number of borrowers in litigation under structured loans amounted to 1 as of 31 December 2022 compared to 
3 as of 31 December 2021. Since the creation of Sfil, 222 borrowers dropped the claims they had initiated against 
structured loans, which had been marketed by Dexia. The processing of the most sensitive structured credit files can 
be considered complete. The number of borrowers in litigation under unstructured loans amounted to 4 as of 
31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2022, to the Caisse Française de Financement Local's knowledge, there were 
no other lawsuits or disputes between Sfil or Caisse Française de Financement Local and its borrowers that were 
considered significant. 
Adverse court decision may have a negative impact on the reputation of Caisse Française de Financement Local. In 
the worst case, such litigation may lead to certain loans in the Cover Pool being declared void or voidable in whole 
or in part, reducing the amount of collateral. It could also lead to a decrease of the contractual interest rate with 
retroactive effect and thus affect the hedging derivatives and the hedge relationship. In such cases, it may adversely 
affect cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
2 
Credit and counterparty risk 
Credit risk represents the potential loss that Caisse Française de Financement Local may incur as the result of the 
decline in a counterparty's solvency. 
2.1. 
Risk of default in the Cover Pool  
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to the risk of default on the pool of public sector assets included 
in its portfolio used as cover for the issuance of Obligations Foncières under the Programme (the "Cover Pool"). 
The classes of assets that Caisse Française de Financement Local may own within its Cover Pool are restricted to 
specific categories narrowly defined by French law, and for Caisse Française de Financement Local these categories 
are further limited to transactions with public sector entities or entities guaranteed by public sector entities under the 
license granted by the CECEI (Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d'investissement) (an institution 
now merged into the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution)). Consequently, almost all of the Cover Pool comprises loans to, or bonds purchased from, local 
governments, municipalities and sovereigns. The ability of public sector borrowers, including local governments, 
municipalities and sovereigns, to meet their payment obligations may be affected by their levels of indebtedness, 
social spending obligations, interest rates, tax revenue collections and transfers of subsidies from the central 
governments, each of which could be adversely affected by a deterioration of general economic conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Deteriorating economic conditions could therefore have a material adverse effect on the probability of default of 
these assets in the Cover Pool. However, as of 31 December 2022, arrears of the assets fell from EUR 13 million to 
EUR 4 million (-69%) compared to 31 December 2021.  
While the eligibility and suitability of assets is vetted by Sfil's risk management and permanent control departments, 
on behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local, certain default scenarios such as losses on assets representing 
a significant portion of the Cover Pool may exist, which would ultimately affect the ability of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local to comply with the terms of the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. Adverse 
changes affecting the local economies of countries from which Caisse Française de Financement Local sources its 
assets, such as the macro-economic situation, could result in, among other things, higher rates of credit defaults on 
loans and bonds. The materialisation of any of the foregoing factors or a divergence in the appreciation of these risks 
by the banking supervisory authorities or financial markets could lead to significant losses or provisions and could 
adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations, and may result in Caisse Française de Financement Local having insufficient funds to meet its obligations 
under the Obligations Foncières. 
In its business of refinancing large export credits, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credits. These refinancing loans benefit from an unconditional and irrevocable 
100% guarantee provided by the French State. Bpifrance Assurance Export manages and delivers this guarantee 
under the State's control, on its behalf and in its name. These refinancing loans are thus considered as exposures to 
the French State. The French State's ability to meet its payment obligations may be affected by its levels of 
indebtedness, social spending obligations, interest rates and tax revenue collections, each of which could be 
adversely affected by a deterioration in general economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions, such as 
the macro-economic situation, could therefore have an adverse effect on the probability of default of these assets in 
the Cover Pool. 
In addition, certain geographic regions of Europe to which Caisse Française de Financement Local has credit 
exposure through its lending to local authorities and municipalities may, from time to time, experience weaker 
regional economic conditions. Assets originated in such areas may experience higher rates of loss and the ability of 
borrowers to make payments may also be affected by factors such as adverse economic conditions (e.g., the macro-
economic situation) in particular geographic areas or industries, or perceptions in financial markets as to the 
creditworthiness of certain borrowers. Such occurrences may accordingly have a material adverse impact on the 
credit quality of certain assets included in the Cover Pool. 
As an illustration, the Cover Pool is broken down below by country and by category of counterparty. Figures are 
presented in EUR millions of EAD (exposure at default):

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
2.2. 
Risk of geographic concentration in the Cover Pool 
The vast majority of the Cover Pool (more than 90%, excluding exposures to credit institutions and cash), measured 
by principal amount of the assets, is concentrated in France. The ability of French State and local authorities and 
municipal borrowers and guarantors, like other public sector borrowers, to meet their obligations will be affected by 
the economic factors noted above. Adverse changes in the financial, economic and fiscal conditions within France, 
such as the macro-economic situation, may have significant consequences for the French public sector borrowers 
whose obligations are included in the Cover Pool, and consequently, on the credit quality of such obligations. In 
addition, since 2013 all of Caisse Française de Financement Local's new assets relate to French borrowers, with the 
exception of certain bonds purchased for cash investment purposes.  
Furthermore, Caisse Française de Financement Local holds a significant amount of assets representing lending to 
borrowers in other countries than France and in particular in Italy. These assets are now managed in a run-off mode 
with the exception of certain bonds purchased for cash investment purposes. Adverse financial, economic and fiscal 
conditions in these economies, such as the macro-economic situation, and perceived weaknesses of a country's 
financial situation may also have an adverse impact on the credit quality of the assets in the Cover Pool. 
2.3. 
Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to bank counterparties risk of default for transactions it enters 
into as part of its currency and interest rate hedging operations, of its liquidity management and excess liquidity 
investment. Most of its derivative counterparties are located in the European Union but some are located in other 
countries and thus submitted to different laws in term of default. 
For hedging transactions, Caisse Française de Financement Local enters into master agreements with a large number 
of bank counterparties and these agreements provide for asymmetrical collateralisation arrangements (with the 
counterparties unilaterally posting collateral to Caisse Française de Financement Local). While having hedging 
relationships with a large number of counterparties is designed to mitigate risk, Caisse Française de Financement 
Local is nonetheless exposed to the risk of default of its bank counterparties. Some of these counterparties are not 
required to post collateral to Caisse Française de Financement Local as long as they benefit from the highest credit 
rating. If certain of these hedge counterparties, that don't have to post collateral, would default as to payment, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local may be likely to experience losses and reduced liquidity.  
In order to maintain its liquidity position, Caisse Française de Financement Local is also allowed to hold exposures 
to certain bank counterparties, including securities, instruments and deposits which are sufficiently safe and liquid, 
defined as certain high quality assets eligible for inclusion in its Cover Pool (up to 15% of the nominal amount of 
all of obligations foncières and registered covered bonds allowed by applicable legislation).  
Exposures to credit institution issued by banks expose Caisse Française de Financement Local to credit and liquidity 
risk from such banks (including its parent company Sfil) should their financial condition deteriorate. Thus, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local may experience losses in the form of reduced value of assets, due to a decrease in 
a bank counterparty's or issuers' financial position.  
Exposure on credit institutions is primarily comprised of counterparties in hedging derivatives and securities, 
exposures or deposits. As of 31 December 2022, the amount is EUR 0.5 billion.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Moreover, the financial situation of certain of these counterparties could be adversely affected by the macro-
economic situation or by the climate change. Any such losses could adversely affect Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in Caisse 
Française de Financement Local having insufficient funds to meet its obligations with respect to the Obligations 
Foncières. 
3 
Financial risks 
3.1. 
Credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's Obligations Foncières may be affected by 
the credit rating of Sfil and the French State 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. In the rating agencies' methodologies, 
the credit rating of a covered bond programme is linked to the credit rating attributed to the Issuer's parent. The 
rating criteria for Caisse Française de Financement Local include both the financial health of its parent, Sfil, as well 
as the strength of parental support.  
The credit rating of Sfil is closely linked to the credit rating of the French State due to its shareholding structure. In 
fact, since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") (holding 
99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and continues to be present on Sfil's 
Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions entrusted to Sfil.  
As of 31 December 2022, the French State has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), 
AA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and AA (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is 
part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS"). CDC has been assigned a rating of Aa2 
by Moody's and AA by S&P. Sfil's long term senior debt has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's, AA by S&P 
and AA (high) by DBRS and Caisse Française de Financement Local's Obligations Foncières are expected to be 
rated Aaa by Moody's, AA+ by S&P and AAA by DBRS. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is thus still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is 
preserved and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance 
with the applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of 
support, completed by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned 
development bank. 
This commitment, made with the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution), underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic decisions, as 
well as its determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial transactions 
and to comply with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
Deteriorating economic conditions, such as those that could result from the macro-economic situation, can lead to a 
downgrade of the credit rating of the French State, CDC and Sfil. Decreases in the credit rating of Sfil or the French 
State may cause a decrease in the credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's obligations foncières, or 
a requirement that Caisse Française de Financement Local obtain funding in order to achieve a higher level of over-
collateralisation. A variety of factors may make obtaining such higher level of over-collateralisation impossible for 
Caisse Française de Financement Local in the event of a downgrade of Sfil. If the credit rating of Caisse Française 
de Financement Local's obligations foncières were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade may adversely 
affect the value of Caisse Française de Financement Local's outstanding obligations foncières, including the 
Obligations Foncières, increase Caisse Française de Financement Local's cost of borrowing and adversely affect 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to issue new obligations foncières. 
3.2. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the institution may not be able to find the necessary liquidity, on a timely 
basis and at a reasonable cost, to cover the financing needs related to its activity, including the redemption of its 
Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
3.2.1. 
Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may affect the Issuer's ability to settle its debt commitments 
in a timely fashion 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to liquidity risk arising from the gap between the date it is 
reimbursed, in connection with various assets it holds, and the date it is required to pay out loans or to settle its 
liabilities. The maturity and amortization profile of the Cover Pool does not perfectly match the repayment profile 
and the maturity schedule of the privileged debt.  
This mismatch creates a liquidity need at certain periods of time in the future as illustrated in the following graph 
which presents the need/excess of liquidity resulting from the amortization of assets and liabilities (without any new 
asset or liability). 
Liquidity needs as of 31 December 2022 
  
The duration gap between the Cover Pool and the privileged liabilities is currently low, but may widen in the future. 
As a matter of management policy, Caisse Française de Financement Local has limited the maximum duration gap 
between the assets and the resources benefiting from the privilège to three (3) years. Moreover, the regulation of 
covered bonds in France imposes a great congruence between asset/liability maturities with an annual cover plan 
and with the limitation to 18 months of the gap between the weighted average life of eligible assets, considered up 
to their minimum amount required to satisfy a 105% over-collateralisation ratio, and the weighted average life of 
the privileged liabilities. This requires Caisse Française de Financement Local to have appropriate liquidity positions 
to cover its liability commitments as they become due to avoid any shortfall in liquidity.  
As Caisse Française de Financement Local turns to the market for medium- or long-term financing, prolonged 
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the debt markets may limit its ability to access funding, particularly its ability 
to issue longer-dated new obligations foncières. In case of such adverse market conditions, as those caused by the 
macro-economic situation which has severely impacted financial markets in 2022, Caisse Française de Financement 
Local's ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities may be limited. It may also be forced to delay 
raising longer term funding.  
To maintain its liquidity in case of market disruptions that prevent Caisse Française de Financement Local from 
issuing new obligations foncières, Caisse Française de Financement Local relies on non-privileged debt provided 
by its parent, Sfil, and, if needed, on secured financings it can borrow from the Banque de France or from a bank 
counterparty (through a repo transactions), by using some assets from the Cover Pool (including those considered 
as exposures to credit institutions), a significant part of which is eligible as collateral for such liquidity operations.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
However, any gap between receipt of funds and funding of its commitments may lead to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local not settling its debt commitments on time. If Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to 
access funds from its parent, Sfil, is diminished, and if it no longer maintains sufficient assets eligible for refinancing 
with the Banque de France, a liquidity shortfall may occur that will adversely affect Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and may result in Caisse 
Française de Financement Local having insufficient funds to meet its obligations with respect to the Obligations 
Foncières. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR") reaches to 100%. A European delegated act 
modified the methods for calculating the LCR provided for in the Capital Requirements Regulation for issuers of 
covered bonds, in order to bring them into line with the Covered Bond Directive. As a result, since 8 July 2022, the 
LCR of Caisse Française de Financement Local must continue to respect the minimum level of 100% but may no 
longer exceed it. 
3.2.2. 
Dependence on Sfil for the unsecured funding of its over-collateral 
Sfil is the main provider of unsecured funding to Caisse Française de Financement Local, which finances the over-
collateral, i.e. assets of Caisse Française de Financement Local that are not financed by the issuance of Obligations 
Foncières.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local's over-collateralisation is financed by equity contributions, by a current 
account agreement granted to it by Sfil and mainly through a long-term revolving credit facility extended to it by 
Sfil that put in place the support received from Sfil and its reference shareholder. As of 31 December 2022, the funds 
borrowed from Sfil are EUR 6.2 billion. The long-term credit facility agreement or the current account agreement 
from Sfil may not continue to be in force for the term of the Obligations Foncières. To the extent that this facility is 
discontinued, the amount of over-collateralisation of the Cover Pool could be reduced, which could adversely affect 
the ability of Caisse Française de Financement Local to make payments on the Obligations Foncières as they become 
due, the rating assigned to the Obligations Foncières, and consequently the market value of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's existing obligations foncières, including the Obligations Foncières. 
3.3. 
Risks linked to financial conditions offered for export credit refinancing loans 
In its business of refinancing large export credit, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credits. These refinancing loans benefit from an unconditional and irrevocable 
100% guarantee provided by the French State.  
The particular features of these loans lead Caisse Française de Financement Local to give a commitment on financial 
conditions several months before the signing of the loan contract. The financial conditions at the time of the offer 
might no longer be in line with the refinancing and hedging conditions of Caisse Française de Financement Local at 
the time and after the signing date of the contract. As of 31 December 2022, the financing commitments of Caisse 
Française de Financement Local for such contracts (amounts remaining to be paid to the counterparty) amounted to 
EUR 4.0 billion. Changes in market conditions could therefore adversely affect its results of operations, financial 
condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Obligations Foncières. 
In order to reduce its currency and spread risks, Caisse Française de Financement Local may enter into hedging 
operations or may prefinance, in full or in part, the future drawdown of the credit as soon as a firm offer for a credit 
refinancing has been delivered. In some cases, the credit may not be signed or may be delayed and related hedging 
operations may have to be cancelled with a material cost, and prefunding may be allocated to other assets with a 
potentially lower margin, which could adversedly affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's results of 
operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Obligations 
Foncières. 
Moreover, certain loans to refinance large export credits denominated in USD may cause a limited risk of foreign 
exchange during their drawing phase; this risk could be more material in case of credit restructuring. For these loans, 
foreign exchange risks exist and adverse evolution on this market could have an adverse effect on the financial 
situation, operations and cash flows of Caisse Française de Financement Local.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
3.4. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may be exposed to interest rate risk or changes in other market 
parameters 
CAFFIL is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from new commercial loans and refinancing operations at fixed 
rates (fixed rate risk) or at variable rates (basis and option risk). Unexpected changes in assets or in the interest rate 
curve may affect CAFFIL's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. These risks are 
monitored on a monthly basis using appropriate indicators subject to limits, and hedging operations are concluded 
so that each indicator respects its limit. 
CAFFIL has a low exposure to prepayment risks, as prepayment indemnity clauses are present in almost all loan 
contracts. 
The main risks identified and associated with the current interest rate environment, characterised by rate increases 
and high volatility, are the following ones: 
- 
greater uncertainty about the volume of new production: changes in financing conditions and higher credit 
costs, as well as uncertainties about the macroeconomic environment, could lead some customers to reduce 
or postpone their investments. In addition, the decorrelation between the legal usury rate and the levels of 
rates observed on the markets could have an impact if rates continue to rise; 
- 
increased interest rate volatility could lead to a greater variation in the interest margin for the portion of 
production that is managed by macro-hedging. 
With regard to market risk, CAFFIL does not carry out trading operations and is therefore not subject to market risk 
in the regulatory sense of the term.  
Certain positions in CAFFIL's banking portfolio, although not representing a regulatory market risk, are nevertheless 
sensitive to the volatility of market parameters, and may consequently impact the accounting result or the 
shareholders' equity; they are monitored as non-regulatory market risks. These are mainly: 
- 
risks arising from fluctuations in the valuation of financial assets recognised at fair value through profit or 
loss: the sensitivity of the value of the portfolio to a change in credit spread of one basis point is 
EUR 1.5 million on 31 December 2022; 
- 
derivatives classified as hedges under IFRS, for which there may be a difference between the valuation of 
the hedged risk and the valuation of the hedging item (derivative), due to the use of different yield curves; 
- 
changes in accounting value adjustments on derivatives such as CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustment) and DVA 
(Debit Valuation Adjustment), recognised in profit or loss under IFRS; and 
- 
the provision for placement securities under French accounting standards. 
4 
Operational and non-compliance risks 
4.1. 
Non-compliance risk 
The risk of non-compliance is the risk of a legal, administrative or disciplinary sanction, of a significant financial 
loss or of a denigration of reputation caused by the non-respect of procedures specific to banking and financial 
activities, whether they are of legislative or regulatory nature.  
Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local strive to comply with all laws, regulations, professional standards 
or recommendations that apply to them. However, as compliance requirements become more stringent, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local is exposed to the risk of non-compliance, i.e. the inability to comply with them in 
full and may also be exposed to the following risks:  
- 
risks relating to professional conduct: the risk of a failure to comply with professional conduct when dealing 
with clients and the reputational risk linked to this failure to comply. In particular, this could be linked to a 
failure to comply with the laws governing EU local authority and municipal lending or a failure by Caisse

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Française de Financement Local to comply with the legislation applicable in France to covered bonds 
(obligations foncières) or a failure to comply with export credit regulations; and 
- 
risks relating to failure of anti-money laundering policies. 
The Sfil Group's non-compliance risks are divided into two major categories: regulatory compliance risks and 
financial security risks: 
 
In addition to the damage to its reputation, non-compliance would expose Caisse Française de Financement Local 
to various types of litigation, sanctions, fines or costs relating to failure to comply with above mentioned provisions, 
that may adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations. This risk is further enhanced by the increased level of supervision of financial institutions by 
the relevant authorities.  
4.2. 
Operational risk 
4.2.1. 
Risk of failure or malfunction of the operational risk management systems put in place by 
Sfil 
Sfil, as a servicer, has put in place risk control procedures intended to identify and map operational risks at the level 
of Caisse Française de Financement Local. On 31 December 2022, 63 key risk indicators have been defined by Sfil 
to control operational risk for Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local. Operational risk can be defined as 
the risk of loss due to inappropriate, or failure of procedures, individuals or systems, or loss resulting from external 
events. 
The main operational risks can be divided into the following categories: 
- 
risk of internal or external fraud: from an employee or a third party, especially in case of cyber-attack; 
- 
human resources and skills risk: the risk of skills management is a risk identified as high due to several factors: 
• 
an activity requiring expertise in certain fields linked to the specificity of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local (local public sector, balance sheet management, covered bonds, etc.) associated with 
the limited number of key skills in certain teams of Sfil due to their reduced size, 
• 
a company present on the banking job market but with a lack of notoriety on this market in the first 
years of its existence due to its youth and fact, 
• 
complex recruitments accentuated in certain areas by a tension on certain skills (in particular on internal 
models, on balance sheet management or on financial security), and 
• 
structuring development projects both in the extension of the activity, in the regulatory evolution but 
also in the recasting of the informatics service which required the integration of external skills, parties 
at the end of the project and whose the expertise then had to be internalized, in a context of managing 
overhead costs under control. 
The consequences of this risk are mainly operational in nature through errors, malfunctions and delays 
in the performance of activities. This risk is regularly monitored via controls and indicators (such as the 
turnover rate or the percentage of people with experience of more than one year in certain teams);

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
- 
risks relating to information systems which include risks relating to the planning of systems development, risk 
of design, development, maintenance and security of applications, and risks related to the use of applications 
and softwares; 
- 
risks relating to the conduct of operations (in particular, risks relating to the EU local authority and municipal 
lending market): information reliability, compliance with procedures, reliability of deliverables, human errors 
and inadequate monitoring of activities; 
- 
risks relating to operational organisation: this risk relates to the inadequacy of the strategy and organisation of 
Sfil, the inefficiency of defined processes or inappropriate definition of interfaces; 
- 
risks relating to compensation delays in relation to insurance policies, including insurance on export credit; 
- 
security risks: this risk relates to the continuity and resumption of activities (including the establishment of a 
business continuity plan), goods and individuals; 
- 
commercial and partnership risks: risks regarding the default of a partner, the sharing of responsibilities, 
commissioning, products distribution, knowledge of clients' needs and ethics; and 
- 
model risk: risk relating to decisions based on internal model results due to errors in their development 
implementation or use. 
The occurrence of any such above mentioned operational risks may affect negatively Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, profits and financial situation.  
4.2.2. 
Risks relating to dependence on Sfil for its operations 
Caisse Française de Financement Local does not have its own employees and is therefore dependent on the resources 
dedicated to it by its parent company, Sfil, for the day-to-day operation of its business and, in particular, the servicing 
of its asset portfolio. Sfil, in accordance with the terms of the management agreement entered into with Caisse 
Française de Financement Local (which also covers loan origination, servicing and recovery, administrative and 
accounting management, internal control and compliance, information technology services, human resources, 
compensation for services and current account services), monitors and controls risks relating to credit, 
counterparties, market, operations, exchange rates, interest rates, liquidity, and settlement at the level of Caisse 
Française de Financement Local. Accordingly, Caisse Française de Financement Local is subject to the risk of non-
performance or poor performance by Sfil under this management agreement. Any such non-performance or poor 
performance could have an adverse impact on Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to operate and 
administer its Cover Pool, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on Caisse Française de Financement 
Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
If Caisse Française de Financement Local were to terminate the management agreement or otherwise if Sfil fails to 
provide such services, a new servicer would have to be appointed. The transfer of the servicing function to a new 
servicer may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collections under the assets in the Cover Pool, could 
create operational and administrative difficulties for Caisse Française de Financement Local and could adversely 
affect its results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Obligations Foncières. 
5 
Business activity risks - Caisse Française de Financement Local may face a decrease in its activity and its 
margins in the local authority and municipal lending market or in the refinancing of export credit 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may face increasing competition in the local government lending market or 
in the refinancing of export credit from which Caisse Française de Financement Local sources its Cover Pool. In 
France, where it will source its new assets, competition may increase from French universal banks. 
Even if competitive pressure seems to have lowered in 2021 and 2022, certain of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local's, Sfil's, La Banque Postale's and Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations' (via Banque des Territoires) competitors 
may be larger and better capitalized than Caisse Française de Financement Local, or benefit from other funding 
sources at a different cost than market funding used by the Sfil Group. Consequently, Caisse Française de

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Financement Local may face pricing pressure in certain areas of its operations in the future as competitors seek to 
increase market share by reducing prices, or offering new services at low prices. The municipal market competition 
could intensify, which may result in narrower lending spreads. The level of margins and the amounts of loans to the 
local authorities and municipalities bought from La Banque Postale or bought from Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations (via Banque des Territoires) may also not remain at a satisfactory level. This could make it more 
difficult for Caisse Française de Financement Local to purchase or refinance eligible loans and credit exposures with 
a sufficient margin to be refinanced by obligations foncières. As an illustration, the financing activity of the French 
local public sector slowed down in 2022, with EUR 4.1 billion in financing granted as part of the partnership with 
La Banque Postale. Indeed, the activity in 2022 was strongly impacted by the methods for setting the usury rate, 
which limited the offer of fixed rate loans, the main financing tool for the local public sector and hospitals in France. 
In addition, local authorities have adopted a relative wait and see behaviour with regard to their recourse to 
borrowing, in particular due to the combination of the rapid rise in interest rates, an inflationary crisis that has 
impacted their operating expenses and investments and uncertainty about the evolution of their revenues.  
The level of margins and the amounts of credit export loans guaranteed by the French State may also not remain at 
a satisfactory level, particularly in the uncertain environment that will prevail in the context of the return of inflation 
and the increase in interest rates.  
As an illustration, 2022 was marked by a limited number of large export contracts refinanced by the Sfil/Caisse 
Française de Financement Local scheme, with two transactions for a total amount of EUR 0.7 billion, consistent 
with a limited number of French export credits. Several transactions, the conclusion of which was envisaged in 2022, 
have been delayed but could be completed from the beginning of 2023. 
Existing or increased competition in the French municipal banking sector or in the refinancing of export credit may 
lead to a reduction of margins for new commitments and ultimately to a strong reduction of new assets lending for 
Caisse Française de Financement Local, or otherwise materially affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
6 
Société de crédit foncier specific risk 
6.1. 
Risks linked to compliance with the coverage ratio required of it under French law  
The coverage ratio of Caisse Française de Financement Local, or the ratio between the Cover Pool assets and the 
debt benefiting from the Privilège issued by Caisse Française de Financement Local, may be subject to fluctuation 
in the future. Fluctuation may be driven by factors such as the purchase or origination of assets at a different pace 
than issuances of obligations foncières, the use of certain assets as collateral for liquidity operations with the Banque 
de France and to obtain financing from credit institution in the form of repurchase agreement, or the changes in the 
requirements of the rating agencies. French law requires that the total amount of assets of sociétés de crédit foncier 
must be at least equal to 105% of the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Credit rating agencies may 
request higher coverage ratios in order to maintain the current ratings assigned to Caisse Française de Financement 
Local's obligations foncières. On 31 December 2022, the coverage ratio was equal to 112.0%. 
As the Cover Pool is limited to credits to or guaranteed by public sector entities, including various local governments 
and municipalities, the coverage ratio may decline in the event of a decrease in the value of those interests, such as 
in the case of significant defaults in payment. The coverage ratio is monitored by the specific controller (the 
"Contrôleur Spécifique") to confirm compliance with French law upon each issuance of obligations foncières. If a 
material amount of assets in the Cover Pool were to default, Caisse Française de Financement Local may not be able 
to purchase new assets as a substitute for the defaulting assets and thus to maintain the required level of assets within 
the Cover Pool. Failure to maintain the required coverage ratio could also result in Caisse Française de Financement 
Local being unable to issue further Obligations Foncières or refinance existing Obligations Foncières, adversely 
affecting its business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Non-compliance with the required 
coverage ratio would lead the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution) to ask the management of Caisse Française de Financement Local to remedy the situation, and 
ultimately could lead to the institution of substitute management by the French Resolution and Prudential Control

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), or a loss of Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
status as a société de crédit foncier. 
6.2. 
Compliance of the assets in the Cover Pool with the eligibility criteria 
For all French loans contained in Caisse Française de Financement Local's Cover Pool, the eligibility is verified 
through a daily control carried out by Sfil. Nevertheless, assets in the Cover Pool at the time of acquisition or at any 
given time may not comply with the applicable eligibility criteria. As an illustration, the Cover Pool comprises bonds 
issued by banks compliant with the Covered Bond Directive if only their rating is above a certain threshold. In case 
of rating downgrade, these bonds would lose their eligibility. In addition, loans to certain clients could be 
automatically transfered to other entities that are not eligible, in case of reorganisation of public services. Were there 
to be material non-compliance as to a large enough portion of Caisse Française de Financement Local's Cover Pool 
assets, Caisse Française de Financement Local would be required to sell its non-compliant assets, leading to losses 
and, in certain circumstances, to a reduction in the coverage ratio, and it may be unable to issue further Obligations 
Foncières or meet payment obligations on existing Obligations Foncières, adversely affecting Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
In its business of refinancing large export credit, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credit. These refinancing loans benefit from a 100% guarantee of the French 
State which entitles such loans to be eligible to the Cover Pool. Should a refinancing loan loose the benefit of the 
guarantee, it could become not eligible to the Cover Pool, and Caisse Française de Financement Local would either 
notify Sfil a mandatory redemption of the loan or reclassify the asset as a replacement asset within the regulatory 
limit and subject to a sufficient rating of Sfil. In certain circumstances, Sfil may not be able to redeem the loan or 
the reclassification may not be possible; in such cases, Caisse Française de Financement Local would not be 
compliant with regulation and this could deteriorate its reputation or lead to an interdiction of issuing new obligations 
foncières. 
II. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
1 
Risk relating to the nature of the Programme and the parties involved in its functioning 
1.1. 
The Issuer has sole liability under the Obligations Foncières  
The Issuer has traditionally benefitted from the financial support of its parent company, including 
arrangements designed to ensure its continued liquidity and viability, including large amounts of equity, long-
term loan financing and further liquidity through a current account agreement. None of the various 
arrangements, including the "declaration of support" from Sfil, constitutes a guarantee of the Issuer's 
obligations to its creditors. The Issuer is solely responsible for its obligations to its creditors, is the only entity 
with the obligation to pay principal and interest in respect of the Obligations Foncières and cannot legally 
rely on any other entity to this end. The Obligations Foncières are not guaranteed by Sfil or any other person.  
As of 31 December 2022, the Cover Pool comprised EUR 53.0 billion in loans, EUR 5.0 billion in securities 
and the cash surplus placed with the Banque de France amounted to EUR 1.8 billion. The Cover Pool may 
not be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières, especially for 
Obligations Foncières with the longest maturities. 
Should the Issuer default from its obligations under the Obligations Foncières, holders of Obligations 
Foncières will have no other external remedies than to request such payment from the Issuer. As a 
consequence, the situation of the holders of Obligations Foncières may be adverserly and materially affected 
and holders of Obligations Foncières could lose all of their investments in the Obligations Foncières. 
1.2. 
Holders have access to a limited description of the Cover Pool 
Save as provided in the Issuer's annual or semi-annual reports, quarterly activity reports, quarterly reports on 
assets quality or quarterly Harmonised Transparency Template of the Covered Bond Label, holders will not 
receive more detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans or other assets contained or to be

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
contained in the Issuer's Cover Pool. Although the Contrôleur Spécifique will monitor the Issuer's compliance 
with asset portfolio requirements and the coverage ratio under French law, the report of the Contrôleur 
Spécifique is not publicly available. Furthermore, the composition of the Cover Pool is dynamic and is 
expected to change during the term of any Obligations Foncières, details of which may not be available to 
holders of the Obligations Foncières.  
As a consequence, the credit quality of the Cover Pool may be gradually adversely affected by new assets.  
As of 31 December 2022, the Cover Pool comprised EUR 53.0 billion in loans, EUR 5.0 billion in securities 
and the cash surplus placed with the Banque de France amounted to EUR 1.8 billion. In addition, the 
weighted average life of assets was 6.86 years. 
1.3. 
Holders of Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not declare the Obligations 
Foncières immediately due and payable under any circumstances, including a default in the payment 
by the Issuer of any interest or principal due in respect of the Obligations Foncières  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not be declared immediately due and payable under 
any circumstances, including a default in the payment by the Issuer of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Obligations Foncières. Certain events that are customarily considered events of default under debt 
instruments giving rise to a right on the part of the registered holder to declare such debt instrument 
immediately due and payable, such as the Issuer filing for bankruptcy, cross-defaults or insolvency 
proceedings, will not give rise to the right on the part of the holders of Obligations Foncières issued under 
the Programme to declare the Obligations Foncières immediately due and payable. Pursuant to the terms of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, all cash flows generated by the Issuer's assets and by derivatives 
transactions together with deposits made by the Issuer with other credit institutions, that in each case are 
eligible assets within the meaning of Articles L.513-3 to L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
are allocated as a matter of absolute priority to servicing Obligations Foncières or other privileged liabilities 
of the Issuer as they fall due.  
As a consequence, for the holders of Obligations Foncières with the longest maturity the situation may be 
adverserly and materially affected and they could lose all of their investments in the Obligations Foncières. 
2 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Obligations Foncières under the Programme 
2.1. 
Interest rate risks relating to the Obligations Foncières 
2.1.1. 
Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay a fixed rate of interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Investment in 
Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a Fixed Rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Obligations Foncières. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière is determined for the term of such 
Obligation Foncière or for a given period of time, the market interest rate typically varies on a daily basis. 
As the market interest rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière varies in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière typically 
decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière equals approximately the market interest 
rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière typically increases, 
until the yield of such Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière equals approximately the market interest rate. 
Movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière 
and can lead to losses if they sell Obligations Foncières during the period in which the market interest rate 
exceeds the fixed rate of such Obligation Foncière. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Obligations 
Foncières and cause holders of Obligations Foncières who sell Obligations Foncières on the secondary 
market to lose part of their initial investment.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
2.1.2. 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay a floating rate of interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Investment in 
Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a Floating Rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin 
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not 
change throughout the life of the Obligations Foncières but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified 
in the Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by 
the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Obligations Foncières upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Obligations Foncières and Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In 
addition, the Issuer's ability to also issue Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières may affect the market value and 
the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières (and vice versa). 
2.1.3. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières and Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières and Condition 5(e) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières respectively allow the issue of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières and, in respect of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000, Fixed 
Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a rate that converts either automatically or at the 
option of the Issuer from (i) a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) a Fixed 
Rate to a rate of interest linked to a Formula or a rate of interest linked to a Formula to a Fixed Rate. Such a 
feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market, 
the yield on, and the market value of, such Obligations Foncières as the change of interest basis may result 
in a lower interest return for holders of Obligations Foncières. Where the Obligations Foncières convert from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or a rate of interest linked to a Formula, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières or Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières, as applicable, may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed Rate/Formula 
Obligations Foncières, as applicable, tied to the same reference rate or rate of interest linked to a Formula. 
In addition, the new Floating Rate or rate of interest linked to a Formula at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Obligations Foncières. Where the Obligations Foncières convert from a Floating Rate or a rate 
of interest linked to a Formula to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
those Obligations Foncières and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Obligations 
Foncières. Therefore, investors could receive a lower return on the Obligations Foncières and, as a result, 
lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. Where conversion is at the option of the 
Issuer, the Issuer may not exercise such option. 
2.1.4. 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières with principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in France or 
in the European Monetary Union ("Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières"). Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or interest 
payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance of 
one or more inflation indices, which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value, political and/or other risks and will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published monthly 
by the INSEE, or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or the relevant substitute 
index measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union, as calculated and published monthly 
by Eurostat (each, an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant 
Inflation Index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of such index at the 
time of the issue of the Obligations Foncières or at the time of purchase by the holders of Obligations 
Foncières, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières may vary. Holders of such Obligations Foncières may receive no interest.  
Each holder of Obligations Foncières linked to an Inflation Index may receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined on the basis of a formulae and by reference to an IIR (as defined in Condition 6(c) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) ratio. If the calculated Final Redemption Amount 
is below par, the Obligations Foncières will be redeemed at par. An investment in Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières therefore entails significant risks which include, among other things, the possibility 
that: 
• 
such Inflation Indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition of any 
such Inflation Index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Inflation Indices; 
• 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt security 
issued by the Issuer at the same time; and/or 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières.  
In addition, the value of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières on the secondary market is subject to greater 
levels of risk than the value of other Obligations Foncières and the market price of such Obligations 
Foncières may be very volatile. The secondary market, if any, for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières 
will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the value of the 
applicable Inflation Index, including the volatility of the applicable Inflation Index, the time remaining to the 
maturity of such Obligations Foncières, the amount outstanding of such Obligations Foncières and market 
interest rates. The value of the applicable Inflation Index depends on a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events, over which the Issuer has no control. 
Holders of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the 
Inflation Indices may adversely affect the value of such Obligations Foncières and, as a result, investors 
could lose part of their investment. 
2.1.5. 
Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 with interest determined by reference to 
the Index Formula, the Underlying Formula, the CPI Formula or the HICP Formula (together, 
the "Formulas"), where interest amounts are dependent upon a formula. 
Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features and such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Obligations Foncières. 
Holders of Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the 
underlyings and/or indices of the Formulas may adversely affect the value of such Obligations Foncières 
and, as a result, investors could lose part of their investment. 
Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas are securities which do not provide for predetermined interest 
payments but amounts due in respect of interest that will be dependent upon the performance of one or more

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
underlyings and/or indices which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, 
time value, political and/or other risks. 
An investment in Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas therefore entails significant risks which include, 
among other things, the possibility that: 
• 
such underlyings and/or indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition 
of any such underlying and/or index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the underlyings and/or 
indices; 
• 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt security 
issued by the Issuer at the same time; and 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to Obligations 
Foncières linked to Formulas. 
2.1.6. 
Reform and regulation of "Benchmarks" 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may be 
determined by reference to "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "Benchmarks" (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, 
SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"Benchmarks" to perform differently from the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse 
effect on any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières linked to or 
referencing such a "Benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked 
to or referencing a "Benchmark". Notably, the methodology or other terms of the "Benchmark" could be 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "Benchmark". This could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or 
otherwise impacted depending on the particular "Benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or have other adverse effects or 
unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"Benchmarks" or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"Benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain "Benchmarks" (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 
or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms): (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "Benchmarks", (ii) trigger changes in the rules or the 
methodologies used in such "Benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of such "Benchmarks". Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing a 
"Benchmark".

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
If a "Benchmark" were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières which are linked to or which reference 
such "Benchmark" will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières (it being specified that if 
the Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark Event has occurred, a specific fallback shall apply 
- please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing "Benchmarks" below). 
However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the 
relevant national authority, as further explained below.  
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of 
the Obligations Foncières, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be reliant upon 
the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
"Benchmark" was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, any Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing a "Benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation 
or wind-down of certain "Benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for said "Benchmarks" on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Obligations Foncières issued under the 
Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of 
cessation of the "Benchmark" concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in 
Condition 5(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières a "Benchmark" is replaced by 
a "Benchmark" which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the "Benchmark" in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
"Benchmark" may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, certain Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such 
"Benchmark" and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable "Benchmark". However, there are still uncertainties about the exact 
implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country "Benchmarks" are extended until the end of 2023 and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such 
developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from 
the implementation of delegated regulations. 
2.1.7. 
Risks relating to Obligations Foncières which are linked to €STR, SARON, SOFR and 
SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières. These 
new overnight risk-free rates are still however in very early stages of development and they may not be widely 
adopted by market users. 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières may provide that the Rate of Interest for such Obligations Foncières will be determined by 
reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as the Euro short term rate ("€STR"), the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight ("SARON"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA").

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières and used in 
relation to Floating Rate Obligations Foncières issued under this Base Prospectus that reference €STR, 
SARON, SOFR or SONIA. 
The continued development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières. The 
return on and value of €STR-, SARON-, SOFR- or SONIA-linked Obligations Foncières may fluctuate more 
than Obligations Foncières that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively 
new market indexes, the Obligations Foncières will likely have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in the Obligations 
Foncières may not be able to sell the Obligations Foncières at all or may not be able to sell the Obligations 
Foncières at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Interest on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières that reference 
€STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières that reference €STR, 
SARON, SOFR or SONIA to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Floating 
Rate Obligations Foncières. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact negatively any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
referencing €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA.  
2.1.8. 
The discontinuance of a reference rate or occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Obligations Foncières linked to or 
referencing "Benchmarks" 
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières is to be determined and the reference rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark Event 
(only applicable for Screen Rate Determination, as further described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, it being specified that this Condition shall not apply to €STR, 
SARON, SOFR and SONIA) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will be changed in ways that may be adverse to 
holders of such Obligations Foncières, without any requirement to obtain the consent of such holders. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières for which Screen Rate Determination is specified, such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières), and 
may include concomitant changes to the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières necessary to 
make the Alternative Rate or the Successor Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) as comparable as possible to the previous Reference Rate, all as 
determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the holder of Obligations Foncières. 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time and the Alternative Rate or Successor Rate may perform differently from the discontinued or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
otherwise unavailable "Benchmark". In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 they may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority. 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an appropriate Alternative Rate or Successor Rate for any 
Reference Rate on or prior to the next following relevant Floating Rate Determination Date, then the 
provisions for the determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Obligations Foncières provide that the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous relevant 
Floating Rate Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a rising interest rate environment, holders of 
Obligations Foncières will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value and return 
of such Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières could therefore 
be adversely and materially affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each 
holder of Obligations Foncières, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each holder of Obligations 
Foncières.  
2.1.9. 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières 
Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay no interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières than on the 
prices of ordinary Obligations Foncières because the discounted issue prices of Zero Coupon Obligations 
Foncières are generally substantially below their par value. If market interest rates increase, holders of Zero 
Coupon Obligations Foncières are exposed to greater price declines than holders of other securities with 
comparable maturity and credit rating. Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high risk of price fluctuation. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Obligations Foncières are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and holders of 
Obligations Foncières may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
2.1.10. 
Obligations Foncières issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Obligations Foncières will specify the relevant issue price. The 
market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Obligations Foncières. Therefore, holders of Obligations Foncières issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities.  
2.2. 
Risk relating to the redemption at the option of the Issuer of the Obligations Foncières 
Any optional redemption feature of Obligations Foncières (as provided in Condition 6(b), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 6(e) and Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) is likely to limit 
their market value. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Obligations

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Foncières, such Obligations Foncières may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Obligations Foncières and may 
only be able to do so at a lower rate.  
In addition, the Issuer may decide to redeem the Obligations Foncières in part only. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing 
the nominal amount of all such Obligations Foncières in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Obligations Foncières, the notice to holders of 
Materialised Obligations Foncières shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with 
any applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. Depending on the proportion of 
the principal amount of all of the Dematerialised Obligations Foncières so reduced or the number of the 
Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières to be redeemed, any trading market in respect of those 
Obligations Foncières in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. The liquidity of 
the Obligations Foncières may be adversely affected to the extent such partial redemption is exercised and 
such reduced liquidity could have an adverse effect on the value of the Obligations Foncières. 
2.3. 
Risk relating to the rating of the Obligations Foncières  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AA+ by S&P and/or Aaa by 
Moody's and/or AAA by DBRS. The credit rating of the Obligations Foncières will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may be reviewed, revised, 
suspended or withdrawn entirely by any of the rating agencies, such as S&P, Moody's, DBRS or their 
respective successors and/or by any other rating agency, without notice as a result of changes in or 
unavailability of information or if, in the judgment of the rating agencies, circumstances so warrant. A 
qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned above may adversely and materially 
affect both the value of the Obligations Foncières or their marketability in secondary market transactions and 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Obligations Foncières.  
The rating reflects the relative likelihood that the Obligations Foncières are repaid as per their Terms and 
Conditions as judged by one or more independent credit rating agencies. In addition, an investment in the 
Obligations Foncières involves (i) the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Obligations Foncières 
and (ii) taking credit risk on the Issuer because if the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not 
be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Obligations Foncières, and investors may lose 
all or part of their investment.  
Please also refer to the risk factor 3.1 entitled "Credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
Obligations Foncières may be affected by the credit rating of Sfil and the French State" above. 
2.4. 
Risks relating to Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières and Sustainability 
Obligations Foncières 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Obligations Foncières may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of those Obligations 
Foncières into: 
(i) 
Eligible Green Loans as defined in the green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be 
amended or supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework") (such Obligations Foncières being "Green Obligations Foncières"); 
(ii) 
either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the social note framework (as may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Social Note Framework") or Eligible Social Loans

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (such Obligations 
Foncières being "Social Obligations Foncières"); or  
(iii) 
Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (such Obligations Foncières being "Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières"),  
such Sfil Group Social Note Framework and Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
being published on the website of Sfil (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-
group-investors/), for an issue of Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières and 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended (the "Taxonomy Regulation") 
has been adopted, establishing a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides 
companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be 
considered environmentally sustainable (the "EU Taxonomy"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes six 
environmental objectives: (i) climate change mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) the sustainable 
use and protection of water and marine resources, (iv) the transition to a circular economy, (v) pollution 
prevention and control and (vi) the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Under the 
Taxonomy Regulation, the European Commission had to come up with the actual list of environmentally 
sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective. In particular, 
a EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act has been published on 15 July 2022, covering (under 
strict conditions) specific nuclear and gas activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU 
Taxonomy and applying since 1 January 2023. 
The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development through delegated regulations. A first Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (as amended by the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 
9 March 2022) established the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an 
economic activity qualifies as "contributing substantially" to climate change mitigation or climate change 
adaptation and determined whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other 
environmental objectives. 
In addition, the European Commission adopted a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021 (as 
amended by the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022) supplementing Article 8 of the 
Taxonomy Regulation and specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be 
disclosed by certain undertakings concerning environmentally sustainable economic activities. 
Moreover, the European Commission published on 6 July 2021 its proposal for a regulation on an EU green 
bond standard which aims to regulate the use of the designation "European green bond" for bonds that pursue 
environmentally sustainable objectives. The Council set its position on the proposal on 13 April 2022. 
Trilogue negotiations started on 12 July 2022 and ended with a provisional agreement reached on 28 February 
2023 on the legislative proposal for a EU green bond standard, which still needs to be confirmed and adopted 
by the Council and the European Parliament. The impact which the EU green bond standard (if and when 
implemented) may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the 
Green Obligations Foncières) that do not meet such standard is not clear at this stage. It could reduce demand 
and liquidity for the Green Obligations Foncières and their price. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable 
and social market, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social 
Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are 
required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social 
Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, so specified for the 
relevant loan, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant loan or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan, may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally 
or partially disbursed for such loan. Such loan may not be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, Sfil Group may 
change the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and/or the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework at any time, in particular, in order to adapt to any update that may be made to the Green Bond 
Principles published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (on which the Sfil Group 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based) and/or the ICMA's Social Bond Principles (on 
which the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework are based) and/or the ICMA's Sustainability Bond Guidelines (on which the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based). Such changes may have a negative impact on the market 
value and the liquidity of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability 
Obligations Foncières issued prior to their implementation. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an event of default under the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be. 
In addition, any failure to use the net proceeds from such Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations 
Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, with any loan or to meet or continue 
to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally or socially focused investors with respect to 
such Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as 
the case may be, may affect the value of such Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green and/or social assets and consequently, holders of Green Obligations 
Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, could 
lose all or part of their investment in the Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be. 
3 
Risks relating to all Series of Obligations Foncières 
3.1. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, the Obligations 
Foncières are direct, unconditional and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future 
obligations foncières of the Issuer (including the Obligations Foncières of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
However, an investment in the Obligations Foncières involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial 
situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Obligations Foncières, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
3.2. 
French insolvency laws  
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. 
Under French insolvency law, pursuant to Ordinance (ordonnance) No.2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, 
which transposes Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, 
in the context of the opening in France of a safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer, the affected parties (parties affectées) (i.e. creditors, 
including the holders of Obligations Foncières) are grouped into distinct classes in order to adopt a 
restructuring plan. The administrator (administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the basis of verifiable objective

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
criteria, the affected parties between classes comprising claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest, following certain conditions. As a minimum, the secured and unsecured receivables 
must be treated in distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court 
at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes 
through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
As specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is also subject to the provisions 
of Article L.613-24 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, which include, inter alia, specific rules 
concerning the opening of insolvency proceedings against credit institutions (établissements de crédit) or 
financing companies (sociétés de financement), a specific involvement of the ACPR in the event of 
bankruptcy of a credit institution or financing company, an overriding concept of suspension of payment 
(cessation des paiements) and other specific rules of liquidation. 
However, the Issuer, as société de crédit foncier, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from 
the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, including: 
(i) 
in accordance with Article L.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the provisions of Article 
L.632-2 of the French Code de commerce, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain 
transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void, are not applicable 
to contracts executed by sociétés de crédit foncier, or to legal transactions in favour of sociétés de crédit 
foncier, provided that those contracts or transactions are, without fraud, made in accordance with their 
exclusive legal purpose (as defined by Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier, precludes the extension 
of insolvency proceedings in respect of the société de crédit foncier parent company to the société de 
crédit foncier; 
(iii) in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of the opening 
of any safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and 
liabilities of the Issuer (such as the cash manager), the recovery, management and servicing contract 
pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its 
assets may be immediately terminated by the Issuer notwithstanding any legal provisions to the 
contrary; and 
(iv) pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of the French Code de 
commerce relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises): 
(a) the amounts resulting from loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits 
(dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
including any mortgage, charge, lien, or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the 
forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier (in each case, after any applicable set-off), together with the 
receivables in respect of deposits made by a société de crédit foncier with credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit), are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any sums due in 
relation to the obligations foncières, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned 
in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
(b) when a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), 
judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings 
(procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, the amounts regularly originated from the operations referred to in paragraph 2 of the I

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
of Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier (i.e. resources benefiting from the 
Privilège) are paid to their respective creditors, on their respective contractual due date and by 
way of priority to all other receivables, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests 
resulting from agreements whatever their duration is; 
(c) no creditor of a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) may avail itself of any right over the 
assets and rights of such société de crédit foncier, either in principal or interest, until all creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier have been fully paid off; and 
(d) the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-
49 of the French Code monétaire et financier against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer 
will not result in the acceleration of payment of Obligations Foncières and other debts benefiting 
from the Privilège. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of holders of Obligations Foncières 
to enforce their rights under the Obligations Foncières may be limited. In addition, the value of the 
Obligations Foncières would be adversely affected. 
3.3. 
Modification and waivers  
The holders of Obligations Foncières will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a Masse and a General Meeting can be held or Written Decisions 
can be taken, each as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières. The 
Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all 
holders of Obligations Foncières including holders of Obligations Foncières who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Decision or holders of Obligations Foncières 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Holders of Obligations Foncières may through Collective 
Decisions (as defined in as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) 
deliberate or vote on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions including any 
proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions, as more fully described in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations 
Foncières. The modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières adopted by a majority 
of holders of Obligations Foncières may adversely and materially affect the market value of the Obligations 
Foncières and these holders of Obligations Foncières may lose all or part of their investment in the 
Obligations Foncières. 
3.4. 
Withholding taxes - No additional amounts 
Pursuant to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, if any law should require 
that any payments in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction 
in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not 
pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding 
risk shall be borne by the holders of Obligations Foncières or, if applicable, the Couponholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, if French 
law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière 
or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature, such Obligation Foncière will not, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, be redeemed early. If such early redemption is provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may redeem such Obligation Foncière.  
Such risk could adversely and materially affect the investment in the Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
3.5. 
Risks related to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-
wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), entered into force on 2 July 2014, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "SRM Regulation") 
provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to 
provide the authority designated by each EU member state (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the 
SRM Regulation a centralized power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board 
(the "SRB") and to the national resolution authorities. 
Since 1 January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to Article L.613-44 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The BRRD has been amended by (i) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (which has been implemented under French law by French 
Ordinance No.2020-1636 (ordonnance relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 
December 2020) and (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 2022/2036 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
19 October 2022. 
The legislative proposal published by the European Commission on 27 October 2021 is also amending BRRD 
by introducing new measures to clarify the calculation of internal MREL requirements within EU Banking 
groups and by harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local supervisory authorities. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and 
eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Obligations Foncières if junior instruments 
prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance 
with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"). They also include write-down/conversion powers with respect 
to institutions or groups which viability would otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial 
support. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which 
may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an 
interim administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations foncières and other privileged notes, the BRRD provides that the Resolution 
Authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including 
covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an 
integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered 
bonds, whether they are governed by the law of a Member State of the European Union or of a third country. 
Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders 
in respect of any Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the notes 
liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In such case, the write-
down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion 
into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the notes, or the variation of the terms of notes (for 
example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
be ordered). Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés 
de crédit foncier must, at all times, maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%) between 
its eligible assets (including claims for payment attached to forward financial instruments benefiting from 
the Privilège as well as any collateral received in relation to such forward financial instruments) and the total 
amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the 
regulation no. 99-10 of the Committee of banking and financial regulation, as amended from time to time 
(Comité de la réglementation bancaire et financière). The costs incurred for managing and putting an end to 
the Obligations Foncières program may be defined as a percentage, the terms of which are set out by the 
French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). On 31 
December 2022, the coverage ratio was equal to 112.0%.  
The holders of Obligations Foncières have very limited rights to contest and/or ask for the suspension of 
the exercise of the relevant competent authorities' resolution powers.  
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any 
suggestion of such application, with respect to the Issuer could adversely affect the rights of the holders of 
Obligations Foncières, the price or value of an investment in the Obligations Foncières and/or the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Obligations Foncières. As a result, holders of Obligations 
Foncières could lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
3.6. 
Change of law or regulations 
The Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières are based on French law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Any possible judicial decision or change in French law or the official application or 
interpretation of French law after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, 
including those of the holder of Obligations Foncières. 
Any Obligations Foncières issued or to be issued may be affected by any new regulation produced by any 
European or French supervisory, such as the recently adopted EU directive on covered bonds. Any possible 
decision or change in European or French regulations or interpretation of such regulations could be 
unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the holders of Obligations Foncières. 
If any change in law or regulations was unfavourable to the Issuer or the holders of Obligations Foncières, it 
could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Obligations Foncières (depending on the nature of 
the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the holders of Obligations Foncières 
investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
4 
Risks relating to the market  
4.1. 
An active trading market for Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not develop 
The Obligations Foncières may have no established trading market when issued and an active trading market 
for the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not develop (even where the Obligations 
Foncières are admitted to trading), or, if one does develop, it may not be maintained or may not be liquid. If 
an active trading market for the Obligations Foncières does not develop, or is not maintained, the market or 
trading price and liquidity of the Obligations Foncières may be adversely affected.  
Therefore, holders of Obligations Foncières may not be able to sell their Obligations Foncières easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. These types of Obligations Foncières generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse impact on the 
market value of Obligations Foncières and, as a result, holders of Obligations Foncières could lose part of 
their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
Although application may be made for the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or, subject to the notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant 
competent authority as may be requested by the Issuer, on any other Regulated Market, such application may

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
not be accepted, any particular Tranche of Obligations Foncières may not be admitted to trading or an active 
trading market may not develop. 
In addition, the Issuer is entitled to buy the Obligations Foncières and it may issue further Obligations 
Foncières. Such transactions by the Issuer may adversely affect the price development of Obligations 
Foncières issued under the Programme. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, 
this may adversely affect the value of the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. 
4.2. 
Market value of the Obligations Foncières 
The Programme allows for Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or, subject 
to the notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant competent authority as may be requested by the 
Issuer, on any other Regulated Market. 
The market value of the Obligations Foncières will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
the rating of the Obligations Foncières and a number of additional factors, including but not limited to, the 
volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. The value of the 
Obligations Foncières depends on a number of additional factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France, Europe or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock 
exchanges on which the Obligations Foncières are traded, which may cause market volatility. Such volatility 
may adversely affect the price of Obligations Foncières or economic and market conditions may have any 
other adverse effect. The price at which holders of Obligations Foncières will be able to sell the Obligations 
Foncières prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price 
or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result in losing all or part of their investment in the 
Obligations Foncières. 
4.3. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Programme allows for Obligations Foncières to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified 
Currency" as defined in Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Obligations Foncières, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Obligations Foncières, and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Obligations Foncières. In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose 
(as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely and materially affect applicable 
exchange rates. As a result, investors may receive an amount of interest or principal that is less than expected, 
or no interest or principal. This may adversely and materially affect the holders of Obligations Foncières who 
could lose part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
4.4. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties (including the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates) operating under the Programme and the investor.  
The Arranger, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
in the ordinary course of business. The Arranger, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Obligations Foncières, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In such 
cases, the interest of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they 
perform servicing functions may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or the holders of 
Obligations Foncières. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers, and may enter into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer or investor clients, 
or as principal, in order to manage their exposure, their general risk or other trading activities. Such activity 
may affect future trading prices. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer. The Arranger, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Arranger, Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Obligations Foncières. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Obligations Foncières. The Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments, which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests 
of the holders of Obligations Foncières. 
In addition, potential conflicts may arise between the holders of Obligations Foncières and the calculation 
agent (including where the Arranger or a Dealer acts as a calculation agent) or any agent appointed for a 
Tranche of Obligations Foncières, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières that 
may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Obligations Foncières. In particular, whilst a 
calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by holders of Obligations 
Foncières during the term and on the maturity of the Obligations Foncières or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Obligations Foncières and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the holders 
of Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections set out in the cross-reference lists below 
of the following documents and the EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below) which have been previously or 
simultaneously filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Annual Report in the French language relating to Caisse Française de Financement Local incorporating 
its audited annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the related audit report (the "2022 
Annual 
Report"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/CAF_RFA2022_FR_MEL_.pdf)2; 
(b) 
the Annual Report in the French language relating to Caisse Française de Financement Local incorporating 
its audited annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the related audit report (the "2021 
Annual 
Report"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/CAF_CAFFIL_RFA2021_FR_MEL.pdf)3; 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 28 to 50 of the base prospectus of 
Dexia Municipal Agency dated 21 July 2006 approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier 
in 
Luxembourg 
(the 
"CSSF") 
(the 
"2006 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2006.pdf), the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 31 to 54 of the base prospectus of Dexia 
Municipal Agency dated 23 July 2007 approved by the CSSF (the "2007 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2007.pdf), the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 31 to 54 of the base prospectus of Dexia 
Municipal Agency dated 24 July 2008 approved by the CSSF (the "2008 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2008.pdf), the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 29 to 50 of the base prospectus of Dexia 
Municipal Agency dated 10 July 2009 approved by the CSSF (the "2009 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2009.pdf) 
as 
modified by the supplement dated 4 March 2010 to the base prospectus dated 10 July 2009 (the "Additional 
2009 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/SupplementBaseProspectus2009_5.pdf), the terms and conditions of the 
obligations foncières contained in pages 33 to 54 of the base prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 2 
July 
2010 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
"2010 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2010.pdf), the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 35 to 56 of the base prospectus of Dexia 
Municipal Agency dated 8 April 2011 approved by the CSSF (the "2011 EMTN Conditions" ; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2011.pdf), the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 69 to 103 of the base prospectus of 
Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 26 June 2013 which received visa n° 13-306 from the AMF 
(the 
"2013 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/EMTN-program-2013-Base-Prospectus.pdf) as modified by the supplement dated 
24 July 2013 to the base prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the "Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/SUPPLEMENT-1-VISA-13-
415.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 70 to 105 of the base 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 23 June 2014 which received visa n° 14-317 
from the AMF (the "2014 EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/2014-06-CAFFIL-BASE-PROSPECTUS-VISA.pdf), the terms and conditions of 
the obligations foncières contained in pages 71 to 107 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de 
 
2 For information purposes only, the English translation of the 2022 Annual Report is published on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and may be obtained without charge at the registered office 
of the Issuer. 
3 For information purposes only, the English translation of the 2021 Annual Report is published on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and may be obtained without charge at the registered office 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Financement Local dated 11 June 2015 which received visa n° 15-269 from the AMF (the "2015 EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/A19763722-v4.2-
CAFFIL-2015_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in 
pages 77 to 113 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 10 June 2016 which 
received 
visa 
n° 16-240 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2016 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/A31665570-v0.47-CAFFIL-
2016_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 77 to 
112 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 9 June 2017 which received visa 
n° 17-267 from the AMF (the "2017 EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2017/06/CAFFIL-2017_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations 
foncières contained in pages 86 to 120 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 
8 June 2018 which received visa n° 18-234 from the AMF (the "2018 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/CAFFIL-BP-18-234.pdf), 
the 
terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 92 to 129 of the base prospectus of 
Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 7 June 2019 which received visa n° 19-252 from the AMF (the 
"2019 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2019/06/CAFFIL-2019_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations 
foncières contained in pages 54 to 108 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 
12 June 2020 which received approval number n°20-253 from the AMF (the "2020 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/CAFFIL-2020_-Base-
Prospectus.pdf) as modified by the supplement dated 14 April 2021 to the base prospectus dated 12 June 
2020 (the "Additional 2020 EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Supplement-4-EMTN-CAFFIL.pdf), the terms and conditions of the obligations 
foncières contained in pages 58 to 112 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 
11 June 2021 which received approval number n°21-217 from the AMF (the "2021 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/CAFFIL-2021_BASE-
PROSPECTUS.pdf) and the terms and conditions of the obligations foncières contained in pages 58 to 115 
of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 10 June 2022 which received approval 
number 
n°22-204 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2022 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/CAFFIL_Base-Prospectus-
FINAL-apres-approbation46442537.1.pdf, and together with the 2006 EMTN Conditions, the 2007 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2008 EMTN Conditions, the 2009 EMTN Conditions, the Additional 2009 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2010 EMTN Conditions, the 2011 EMTN Conditions, the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 
Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 
EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, 
the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the Additional 2020 EMTN Conditions and the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the 
"EMTN Previous Conditions").  
Such documents are incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon request, 
during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 
75015 Paris, France) so long as any of the Obligations Foncières are outstanding. Such documents will be published 
on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Obligations Foncières to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single 
Series with Obligations Foncières already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. To the extent that 
only the EMTN Previous Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, non-incorporated parts 
of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 21 July 2006, 23 July 2007, 24 July 2008, 10 July 2009, 2 July 2010, 
8 April 2011, 26 June 2013, 23 June 2014, 11 June 2015, 10 June 2016, 9 June 2017, 8 June 2018, 7 June 2019 and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
12 June 2020, 11 June 2021 and 10 June 2022 and of the supplement dated 4 March 2010, 24 July 2013 and 14 April 
2021 are not relevant for the investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall 
be read in connection with the following cross-reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, any information 
not listed in the cross-reference list below entitled "Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the 
Issuer" but included in the documents listed above is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus 
or is not relevant for the holders of Obligations Foncières.  
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the Issuer 
 
DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 
BY 
REFERENCE 
(ANNEX 
6 
OF 
THE 
COMMISSION 
DELEGATED 
REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 OF 14 MARCH 
2019 
SUPPLEMENTING 
THE 
PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, 
AS 
AMENDED) 
2021 Annual Report 
 
2022 Annual Report 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1. Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1. Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years 
(or such shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation) and the audit 
report in respect of each year 
 
Audited historical financial information for the 
latest two financial years 
 
 
 
 
 
IFRS 
Pages 93 to 143 
French GAAP 
Pages 147 to 170 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IFRS 
Pages 103 to 158 
French GAAP 
Pages 161 to 185 
 
 
Audit reports for the latest two financial years 
 
IFRS Auditors' report 
Page 144 
French GAAP Auditors' 
report 
Pages 171 to 173 
 
 
IFRS Auditors' report 
Page 159 
French GAAP Auditors' 
report 
Pages 186 to 189 
 
11.1.3. Accounting standards 
IFRS 
Pages 93 to 144  
IFRS 
Pages 103 to 159

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
French GAAP 
Pages 147 to 171 
French GAAP 
Pages 161 to 189 
11.1.5. Audited financial information prepared 
according to national accounting 
standards 
 
 
− 
Balance sheet 
Page 148 
Page 162 
− 
Income statement 
Page 150 
Page 164 
− 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 153 to 170 
 
Pages 167 to 185 
 
11.1.7. Age of financial information 
 
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration 
document. 
Pages 93 to 143 
Pages 103 to 158 
11.3. Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
11.3.1. The historical financial information 
must be independently audited 
 
IFRS Auditors' report 
Page 144 
French GAAP 
Auditors' report 
Pages 171 to 173 
 
IFRS Auditors' report 
Page 159 
French GAAP 
Auditors' report 
Pages 186 to 189 
 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of EMTN Previous Conditions 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Information from previous base prospectuses/supplements incorporated 
by reference 
2006 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 28 to 50 
2007 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 54 
2008 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 54 
2009 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 29 to 50 
Additional 2009 EMTN Conditions 
Page 4 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 33 to 54 
2011 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 35 to 56 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 69 to 103 
Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions 
Page 8 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 70 to 105

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 71 to 107 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 113 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 112 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 86 to 120 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 92 to 129 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 54 to 108 
Additional 2020 EMTN Conditions 
Page 21 
2021 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 58 to 112 
2022 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 58 to 115

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-Exempt Offer") in France and in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (each, a "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any and as defined below) beginning within twelve (12) months 
from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Obligations 
Foncières is made, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
together with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to time and the relevant Final Terms 
(together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Obligations Foncières during the offer period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by:  
(1) 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as designated and 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: (a) 
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies 
(the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Obligations Foncières by any person and disclosure to any 
potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) considers the relevant manufacturer's target market 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II Product Governance" legend set out in the 
relevant Final Terms and/or the "UK MiFIR product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) 
ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary 
in relation to the offer or sale of the Obligations Foncières is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential 
investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Obligations Foncières under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records 
for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the content of 
the Prospectus in relation to any Investor in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Obligations 
Foncières is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is 
given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-Exempt Offers and provided that the relevant

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-Exempt Offers may be made in Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the 
Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who 
are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at 
www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, any 
such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is using 
the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the 
conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt Offer 
by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of 
any Obligations Foncières. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Obligations Foncières from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Obligations Foncières to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt 
Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection 
with the offer or sale of the Obligations Foncières and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will 
not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors 
by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 12 June 2024, a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Obligations Foncières arises or is noted, 
the Issuer shall prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as required 
by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus. 
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer to the public of Obligations Foncières, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Obligations Foncières before any supplement is published shall have the right, 
exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication of this supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of 
such offer or the delivery of the Obligations Foncières, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the 
Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the 
supplement. On 12 June 2024, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon 
request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (112-
114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Obligations Foncières. In the case of Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Unless the context requires otherwise, references below to (i) "Conditions" are to the numbered paragraphs below and 
(ii) "Obligations Foncières" are to the Obligations Foncières of one Series only, not to all Obligations Foncières that 
may be issued under the Programme.  
The Obligations Foncières will be issued by Caisse Française de Financement Local (the "Issuer"). An amended and 
restated agency agreement dated 12 June 2023 has been agreed between the Issuer and Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme, as fiscal agent, paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and calculation 
agent and the other agents named therein (the "Amended and Restated Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the 
paying agent, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a member state (the 
"Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended and appearing on the list 
of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website, and "day" or "days" 
means calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Obligations Foncières may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières") or in materialised form ("Materialised Obligations Foncières"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will be evidenced in accordance with 
Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Obligations Foncières. 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in 
the final terms (the "Final Terms"), in either bearer form (au porteur), in which case they are 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained 
by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream").

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières are issued in bearer form (au porteur) only. Materialised 
Obligations Foncières in definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières") 
are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, 
a talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, securities which are governed by French law (such as Obligations Foncières) and 
are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Obligations Foncières may be "Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières", "Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières", "Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières", "Formula Obligations 
Foncières", "Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières", "Fixed Rate/Formula 
Obligations Foncières" and "Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières", depending on the Interest 
Basis and the redemption method specified in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Obligations Foncières shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination"). Dematerialised Obligations Foncières shall 
be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations 
Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
(c) 
Title:  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Obligations 
Foncières shall only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account 
Holders. Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Obligations Foncières shall only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières and the Coupons and Talons shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Obligation Foncière (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Obligations Foncières" or "holder of any Obligation 
Foncière", means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the person whose 
name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Obligations Foncières and (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Obligations Foncières, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Obligation 
Foncière and the Coupons or Talon relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the 
consent of the holder of any Obligation Foncière, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(30) days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Obligations Foncières are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")) or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Obligations 
Foncières of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date 
on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made 
by converting the principal amount of each Obligation Foncière from the relevant national 
currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount 
of each Obligation Foncière using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Obligations 
Foncières so determined shall be notified to holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance 
with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on 
the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to holders of Obligations Foncières by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Obligations Foncières, any reference in the relevant Final Terms 
to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the holder of any Obligation Foncière, 
Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 
(including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business 
day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the holders of Obligations Foncières, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to holders of 
Obligations Foncières in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Obligation 
Foncière, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euros or any currency conversion or 
rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Obligations Foncières may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Obligations Foncières will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
date(s). The Obligations Foncières of each Series will be fungible with all Obligations Foncières of 
that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates and on 
terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
will be set out in the Final Terms of such Tranche. The Obligations Foncières of a Tranche of each 
Series will be fungible with all Obligations Foncières of the other Tranches of that Series. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières 
(i) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in registered form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the holder of such Obligations Foncières, be converted into Obligations 
Foncières in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 
of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of 
such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières 
Materialised Obligations Foncières of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Obligations Foncières of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status 
The Obligations Foncières and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional 
and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future 
obligations foncières of the Issuer (including the Obligations Foncières of all other Series) and other resources 
raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège referred to in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier (the "Privilège") as described in Condition 4. 
4 
Privilège  
(a) 
The Obligations Foncières benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) pursuant to 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
In accordance with Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, all amounts payable to 
the Issuer in respect of loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits (dépôts) 
referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier including any 
mortgage, charge, lien or guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial instruments 
used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier (in each 
case, after any applicable set-off), together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by the Issuer 
with credit institutions (établissements de crédit), are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums 
due in respect of obligations foncières (including the Obligations Foncières) issued by the Issuer and 
of any other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
It should be noted that, in addition to Obligations Foncières and other resources raised by the Issuer 
pursuant to any agreement, document purporting to inform the public within the meaning of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended, or any other equivalent document required in connection with the admission to 
trading on a Regulated Market located outside France referring to the Privilège, derivative transactions 
used for hedging also benefit from the Privilège under the conditions of Article L.513-10 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(c) 
in the event of conciliation proceedings (procédure de conciliation), safeguard proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) opened against the Issuer and in the event 
of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) 
proceedings or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier opened against the Issuer, the amounts due regularly under 
obligations foncières (including the Obligations Foncières) and other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège, are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not 
preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may 
exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer either in principal or accrued or future interests. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Obligations Foncières, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (a copy of which may be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer during usual business 
hours), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Obligations Foncières, the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto, as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) (a copy of which may be obtained at 
the registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), as published by ISDA, as may be 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Benchmark" means the Reference Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of payments to be made in Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system ("T2") is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro (a "TARGET Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so 
specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Obligation 
Foncière for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the 
last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
in each case where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, any Interest Payment Date 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 
29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of 
more than one year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
• 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
• 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out 
in the first paragraph of this definition. 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count 
Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if 30/360-FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following 
exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 
31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty one (31) 
days.  
The fraction is: 
 
then: 
 
or 
 
 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period; 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period. 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count 
Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
(30,31)
 
 
dd1
 
and
 
31
 
 
dd2
 
If

=
dd1)]
– 
 
(dd2
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
x 
360
1
+
+
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1
+
+

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(x) 
if 30E/360-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, 
the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during 
such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the 
following exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of 
days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master 
Agreement") as supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1
+
+

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Obligations 
Foncières, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in Paris for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified as Specified Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Payment Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, or the relevant payment date if the Obligations Foncières become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Obligations 
Foncières and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of SONIA, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, the 
principal offices of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either 
CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10 (or any successor or replacement 
rate). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon, the date on which payment 
in respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of 
Materialised Obligations Foncières if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the holders of such Materialised Obligations Foncières that, upon further presentation of the 
Materialised Obligation Foncière or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Inter-Bank Market" means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page Time" means such Relevant Screen Page time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Obligations Foncières are denominated.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières: Each Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières, Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières and 
Formula Obligations Foncières: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Obligation Foncière, Inflation Linked Obligation 
Foncière and Formula Obligations Foncières bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières: The Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
according to the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the FBF Definitions and under which: 
a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating 
Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
"Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that "Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro 
which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable) 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
for which rates are available were the period of time of next shorter length as compared 
to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next longer length as compared 
to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (B)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or 
such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph Floating Rate Option specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity for which rates are available 
were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time of next longer length as 
compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or 
such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period 
End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, 
respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant Reset Date 
is the last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance 
will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
"Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day" is as 
specified in the Final Terms, and the "Observation Period Shift" 
is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the 
"Observation Period Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" 
is as specified in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option if the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in 
such 
sub-paragraph, 
"Calculation 
Agent", 
"Calculation 
Period", 
"Compounding 
with 
Lockout", 
"Compounding 
with 
Lookback", 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", 
"Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", "Fixing Day", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business Day", "Lockout", 
"Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate 
Option", "Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap 
Transaction" and "Termination Date" have the meanings given to those terms 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such 
purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below or to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(i) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if 
sub-paragraph (C)(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-
zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(c) if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Euro zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period);  
(d) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being €STR, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below,

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Eurozone provided by the European Central Bank as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a 
revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of 
the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such 
TARGET Business Day; 
"€STRi-p" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, 
and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;  
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "€STR 
Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"€STR Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Obligations 
Foncières become due and payable); and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or 
any successor source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) 
has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) have occurred, the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate (as defined below). 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR (as defined below). 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event (as defined below) and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (d) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the €STR Observation 
Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
the latest published €STR or, if ECB Recommended Rate is published on a later 
date than the latest published €STR, the ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
(2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
(e) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being 
SARON, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the overnight interest rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) at the SARON 
Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i"; 
"SARON Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Obligations Foncières become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich 
Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "SARON 
Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SARON Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close 
of trading on SIX Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is 
expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of 
Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the "SARON 
Screen Page") at the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day and neither a SARON Index Cessation Event nor a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the SARON Relevant Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall 
be the rate equal to the SARON published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on 
which the SARON was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the SARON 
Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
on or prior to the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, 
then the rate of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
SARON Observation Period occurring on or after that SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to SARON 
were references to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, 
giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, 
then the rate of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
SARON Observation Period occurring on or after that SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to SARON 
were references to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB 
Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any.  
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the "SARON Replacement 
Rate") will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the 
Obligations Foncières and shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this sub-paragraph (e) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if the rate of SARON for each Zurich Banking 
Day in the SARON Observation Period on or after such SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published SARON (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the date on which 
the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the SARON; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
(i) the date of such statement or publication or (ii) the date, if any, 
specified in such statement or publication as the date on which the 
SARON will no longer be representative; or 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the SARON may no longer be used;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events (as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SARON permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
SARON is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer 
be representative, or (y) the SARON may no longer be used after a 
certain date, which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives.  
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause (i) above, to be 
applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
holders of Obligations Foncières as a result of the replacement of the 
SARON with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for 
purposes of determining SARON, such spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 
2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the "SARON Recommending Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to holders of Obligations Foncières as a result of the 
replacement of the SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account 
the historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the 
two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the 
date on which the first of such events occurred). 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being SOFR, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the SOFR Interest Determination Date 
as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
(1)  
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each 
day during such Interest Accrual Period; or  
(2)  
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND; 
or 
(3)  
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject 
as 
provided 
below, 
be 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND; or 
(4)  
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND; or 
(5)   
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE; 
where: 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, the SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, 
that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period 
from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will 
be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Interest Reset Date coinciding 
with the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to that day "i";  
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:  
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"d0", for any SOFR Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
means the period from, and including, the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Obligations Foncières become due and payable);

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms 
under the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period". 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in 
relation to which the SOFR IndexStart is determined to, but excluding, the 
day in relation to which the SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms 
under the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day shall be the value published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about 8:00 a.m. (New 
York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. In 
the event that the value originally published by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York on or about 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day is subsequently corrected and such 
corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
on or about 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the original date of 
publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was 
originally published, shall be deemed the SOFR Index in relation to such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the first Interest 
Accrual Period, the Issue Date) (a "SOFR Index Determination Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the 
date on which the Obligations Foncières become due and payable). 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (3) of the definition of "SOFR" below, if 
the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date 
and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have not occurred, the "USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on 
any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in 
accordance with "USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and "p" shall mean two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days. 
If the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Obligations Foncières in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f): 
"Alternate Agent" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer; 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate obligations foncières at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decide that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determine that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
determine is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website;  
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred: 
(X) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(Y) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(Z) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate obligations foncières at such time and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Any substitution of the SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
(g) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being 
SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as 
provided below, be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
(1)  
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND; or  
(2)  
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
(3)  
if SONIA Compounded Index is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SONIA- COMPOUND;  
where: 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
"do" for any SONIA Observation Period, is the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day ("i+1");

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period";  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day;  
"SONIAi", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in 
the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA for such London 
Banking Day "i"; and 
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Obligations Foncières become due and payable); 
"SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period";  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, in each case, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i";  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in relation 
to which the SONIA Compounded Indexx is determined to, but excluding, 
the day in relation to which the SONIA Compounded Indexy is 
determined; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day 
shall be the value provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors. In the 
event that the SONIA Compounded Index value originally published by 
the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any 
London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value 
is published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date of 
publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was 
originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded Index 
value;  
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the first 
date of such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the first Interest 
Accrual Period, the Issue Date); 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the 
date on which the Obligations Foncières become due and payable). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen 
Page on any SONIA Compounded Index determination date, the "SONIA 
Compounded Index" shall be calculated on any Interest Determination 
Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period in accordance with 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND". 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be:  
(x)  (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(y)  if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined 
under paragraph (x) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for 
the purpose of the Obligations Foncières for so long as the SONIA is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
Any substitution of the SONIA, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date relating to 
such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to such Obligations Foncières for the first Interest Accrual Period, had the 
Obligations Foncières been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(h) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being CMS 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided 
below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) 
below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in 
its absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice.  
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(h): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Financial Centre" means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and "Relevant Screen 
Page" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the then 
prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the relevant Final 
Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being TEC10, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below 
or (if applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
TEC10 + Margin. 
"TEC10" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the EUR-TEC10-CNO4, calculated by the Banque de France, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page, being the caption "TEC10" on the Reuters Screen 
BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear on Reuters Screen 
BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, (i) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two 
reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used 
by the Banque de France for the calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each 
case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris 
time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the Calculation Agent 
will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a quotation of its 
price; and (iii) TEC10 will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such 
prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and 
lowest of such quotations. The above-mentioned redemption yield shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would 
have been used by the Banque de France for the determination of the relevant 
rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, 
is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, "OAT") corresponding to the linear 
interpolation between the yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the 
 
4 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
"Reference OATs") whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to the 
notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years 
and the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate 
is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
"Benchmark", one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are 
available were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.  
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR, SARON, SOFR and 
SONIA) at any time, when the Terms and Conditions of any Obligations Foncières 
provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply and prevail over the other fallback provisions set out in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply and 
shall not prevail over the fallback provisions relating to €STR, SARON, SOFR and 
SONIA provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g). 
(a) Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or the holders of Obligations Foncières for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that: 
(1) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Obligations Foncières (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(2) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Obligations Foncières (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms 
of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of holders of Obligations Foncières, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Obligations Foncières to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Obligations Foncières are for the time being admitted to trading. 
(e) Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the holders of 
Obligations Foncières, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Originial Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply 
to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), 
will continue to apply in accordance with their terms. 
(g) Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to holders of Obligations 
Foncières as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(2) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(1) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(3) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Obligations Foncières; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(2) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (2)(i); 
(3) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(4) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (4)(i);  
(5) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
(6) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Agent or the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Obligations Foncières using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended), if 
applicable); or 
(7) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended) of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Obligations Foncières; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, 
following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, 
having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Obligations 
Foncières and the nature of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières:  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, 
as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières indexed to 
the CPI (the "CPI Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The CPI Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), the "Inflation Index Ratio" 
or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR 
will be rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the first day 
of any given calendar month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third 
month preceding such month, and (ii in relation to a day D (other than the 
first day) in any given calendar month ("M"), the linear interpolation of the 
CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third calendar 
month preceding such month ("M – 3") and the second calendar month 
preceding such month ("M – 2") calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3  
+ 
D-1 
x 
(CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-
3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M - 2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Page OATINFLATION01 or on 
Bloomberg FRCPXTOB Index <GO> pages and on the website 
www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used 
to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by 
reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its 
obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" means the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and published 
monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time 
to time as provided herein. 
(b) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled "Inflation 
linked-bonds". In the case of any conflict between the calculation method 
provided below and the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method 
provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(c) 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading "indice 
de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it shall automatically apply from the day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published 
figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
1

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-
1 
x 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis 
X Key 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières indexed to 
the HICP (the "HICP Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
fixed rate per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The HICP Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on any Interest Payment Date or the redemption 
date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding 
Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to six significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the first 
day of any given calendar month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the 
third calendar month preceding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day D 
(other than the first day) in any given month ("M"), the linear interpolation

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third 
calendar month preceding such month ("M – 3") and the second calendar 
month preceding such month ("M – 2") calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3 
+ 
D-1 
x (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M - 2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Page OATEI01, on the website 
www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page CPTFEMU Index <GO>. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" means to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published by 
Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to 
the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it shall automatically apply from 
the day following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-
13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis 
X Key 
(v) 
Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières  
(Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières are only applicable for Obligations Foncières 
having a denomination of at least €100,000) 
(A) Index Formula: When the Index Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
issue of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (Leverage1 x Index1 – Leverage2 x Index2) + Spread 
where: 
"Designated Maturity" means a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index1" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the HICP 
Reference Rate or 0 (zero) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index2" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the HICP 
Reference Rate or 0 (zero) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Reference Rate" means the rate designated as such in the Final Terms with the 
Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms determined in accordance with 
the Screen Rate Determination (described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)) or the ISDA 
Determination (described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Leverage1" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive 
or a negative value or may be equal to one.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
"Leverage2" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive 
or a negative value or may be equal to one. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"CPI Reference Rate" for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' 
 
where: 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) shall apply.  
"HICP Reference Rate" for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' 
 
where: 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are 
not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) shall apply. 
(B) Underlying Formula: When the Underlying Formula is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the issue of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (1 + Underlying + Spread)k – 1  
where: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time. 
"Designated Maturity" means the maturity specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or any successor page. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"TEC" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, calculated by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire ("CNO"), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen 
BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date. 
"Underlying" means either TEC5 or CMS Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
with the applicable Designated Maturity, Relevant Screen Page and Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"k" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, CMS Rate does not appear on the relevant 
Screen Page at the relevant time, the adjustment provisions with respect to the Relevant 
Screen Page for CMS Rate set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e) shall apply. 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, TEC does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Specified Time, (i) TEC shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference OAT (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire for the calculation of TEC, quoted in each case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs 
du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question; (ii) the Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to 
provide a quotation of its price; and (iii) TEC will be the redemption yield of the 
arithmetic mean of such prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding 
the highest and lowest of such quotations. The above-mentioned redemption yield shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have 
been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of the 
relevant rate. 
(C) When the CPI Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of Obligations 
Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner in which the Rate of 
 
5 All potential users of the TEC must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest 
= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 + Spread 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' 
 
where: 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) shall apply. 
(D) When the HICP Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of 
Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 + Spread 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' 
 
where: 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination 
Date falls. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are 
not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) shall apply. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières: Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may bear 
interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect, upon giving not less than 15 Business Days' prior notice

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
in accordance with Condition 13, to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Optional 
Change of Interest Date") from a fixed rate (as determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)) (a "Fixed 
Rate") to a floating rate (as determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)) (a "Floating Rate"), or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change 
of Interest Date"). 
(e) 
Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières: Solely for Obligations Foncières having a denomination 
of at least €100,000, Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect, upon giving not less than 15 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 
13, to convert on the Optional Change of Interest Date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Formula, or from a Formula to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Formula or from a Formula to a Fixed Rate on the Automatic Change of Interest Date set out in the 
Final Terms. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières: Where an Obligation Foncière the interest basis of which is 
specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to an Issuer's option or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(e) or otherwise pursuant to Condition 
6(d)(i) and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Obligation Foncière. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such an Obligation Foncière shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(d)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Obligation Foncière on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, on such due date or (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in 
the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum as the case may be, 
provided that in no event, will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall 
be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Obligation Foncière for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of 
such Obligation Foncière by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Obligation Foncière for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts 
of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts or Early Redemption Amount: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Obligations 
Foncières for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of Obligations Foncières, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Obligations Foncières that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market or stock exchange, and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Obligation Foncière is 
outstanding (as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "outstanding" means, in relation to the Obligations Foncières of any Series, 
all the Obligations Foncières issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Obligations Foncières to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer 
form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holder on behalf of the holder of Obligations 
Foncières, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form, to the account of the 
holder of Obligations Foncières and (iii) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, to the Fiscal Agent 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Obligations Foncières

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided 
in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Obligations Foncières that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised 
Obligations Foncières, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Obligations 
Foncières are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised 
Obligations Foncières alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Materialised Obligations Foncières have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières, pursuant to its 
provisions. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Obligation Foncière shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms at its Final Redemption Amount which is (i) its nominal amount (except in the case of Zero 
Coupon Obligations Foncières) or (ii) an amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all laws, regulations and 
directives applicable to the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières and on giving not less than 5 nor more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the holders of Obligations 
Foncières (or such other notice period if specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Obligations Foncières on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Obligations Foncières shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount being 
(except with respect to Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières) the nominal amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any.  
Materialised Obligations Foncières may be redeemed in all or in part. In the case of a partial redemption 
the notice to holders of Materialised Obligations Foncières shall also contain the numbers of the 
Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such 
place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or 
stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the redemption may be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Any such redemption must relate to 
Obligations Foncières of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
So long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Obligations Foncières, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and on the website 
of any other competent authority of the EEA Member State and/or Regulated Market where the 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Obligations Foncières outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières a list of any 
Materialised Obligations Foncières, drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières: If Condition 6(c) is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Obligations Foncières 
will be redeemed at par. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c) only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) on the Maturity Date and 
the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as 
the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Obligation Foncière, the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Obligation Foncière pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(e) and 6(i) if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Obligation Foncière. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount of any 
such Obligation Foncière (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Obligation Foncière on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount, 
equal to the issue price of the Obligations Foncières if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date (the "Amortisation Yield")) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
such Obligation Foncière upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(e) and 6(i) is not 
paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Obligation Foncière shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such 
Obligations Foncières as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the date on which the Obligations Foncières becomes due and 
payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Obligation Foncière on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(d)(ii) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, the Early Redemption Amount of such Obligations Foncières 
in respect of such Obligations Foncières will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
For the purpose of this Condition only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(A)) on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Obligations 
Foncières will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières (whether or not Condition 6(d)(ii) applies) fall to 
be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Obligations 
Foncières at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except 
that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day 
prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Obligations Foncières: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Obligation 
Foncière (other than Obligations Foncières described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such 
Obligations Foncières pursuant to Condition 6(e) or 6(i), if so provided in the relevant Final Terms), 
shall be the nominal amount of such Obligation Foncière. 
(e) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, such Obligation Foncière will not, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be redeemed early. If such early redemption is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may redeem such Obligation Foncière at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption and notice of such early redemption shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Obligations Foncières (provided 
that, in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any 
price. All Obligations Foncières so purchased by the Issuer may either (i) be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations or (ii) be cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(g) 
below. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Obligations Foncières purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, by transfer to an account 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised 
Obligations Foncières, by surrendering Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised 
Obligations Foncières in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Obligations 
Foncières redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières and, in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Obligations Foncières so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation 
may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Obligations 
Foncières shall be discharged.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(h) 
Subscription and use as collateral: Notwithstanding this Condition 6, the Issuer may, pursuant to 
Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subscribe its own Obligations Foncières 
for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de France in 
accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations, in instances where the Issuer is unable to meet its cash-flow needs with other means 
available to it. 
(i) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of any 
Series of the Obligations Foncières, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
one or more of its obligations under such Obligations Foncières, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days' notice to the holders of Obligations 
Foncières (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not 
some only, of such Obligations Foncières at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières shall (in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency 
of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Obligations Foncières and, (in the case 
of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank designated by the holders of Obligations Foncières. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised 
Obligations Foncières shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Materialised Obligations Foncières (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Obligations 
Foncières are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed a Paying Agent with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agent would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Obligations 
Foncières in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: Payments will be subject in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, in the place 
of payment, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Obligations Foncières or Coupons in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent initially appointed by the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme of Obligations Foncières of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any holder of Obligation Foncière or Coupon. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agent, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
a Paying Agent having specified offices in at least two major European cities provided that (A) so long 
as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules applicable to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a 
Paying Agent in Luxembourg, and (B) so long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a 
Paying Agent in France (v) a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any 
other Regulated Market or stock exchange on which the Obligations Foncières may be admitted to 
trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Obligations Foncières denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Obligations Foncières of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view 
to consolidating such Obligations Foncières with one or more other Series of Obligations Foncières, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Obligations Foncières and such 
other Series of Obligations Foncières to be so consolidated with such Obligations Foncières. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders 
of Obligations Foncières in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Obligations Foncières, Materialised Obligations 
Foncières which comprise Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières (other than Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières) should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the 
total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière comprising a 
Floating Rate Obligation Foncière or Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Obligation Foncière (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Obligation Foncière (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Obligation Foncière that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Obligations Foncières 
is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Obligation 
Foncière is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière 
Materialised. Interest accrued on a Materialised Obligation Foncière that only bears interest 
after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Obligation Foncière against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Obligation Foncière. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Obligation Foncière, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Business Days for Payment: Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, if any date for payment 
in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, 
(B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Center" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) 
(i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to 
an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Bank: For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Obligations Foncières or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts: If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, 
the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Obligations Foncières and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the 
case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
10 
Representation of holders of Obligations Foncières 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 10(ix) below with respect to Obligations Foncières issued with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the holders of Obligations Foncières 
will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce as amended or supplemented by this Condition 10: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the holders of Obligations 
Foncières (the "Collective Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Obligations Foncières, shall exercise 
the common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Obligations Foncières, 
without prejudice to the rights that holders of Obligations Foncières may exercise individually in 
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations 
Foncières. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Obligations 
Foncières will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the holders of 
Obligations Foncières, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the holders of Obligations Foncières or initiated by them, must be 
brought by or against the Representative; except that, should judicial reorganisation or liquidation 
(redressement ou liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against the Issuer the specific 
controller shall file the proof of debt of all the creditors of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège 
(including the holders of Obligations Foncières). 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by consent 
following a written consultation (the "Written Decision").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each holder of an 
Obligation Foncière to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such holder of an Obligation Foncière as of 00:00 (Paris time) on the second business day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(viii). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, 
to any subsequent holder of any of the Obligations Foncières of such Series. 
(A) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more holders of Obligations Foncières, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of Obligations Foncières outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative 
a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two months after such demand, the holders of Obligations Foncières may commission one of 
them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the holders of Obligations 
Foncières present or represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the 
Obligations Foncières then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. 
The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third majority of votes held by 
the holders of Obligations Foncières attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 10(viii) not less than fifteen calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each holder of Obligations Foncières has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy or by correspondence.  
Each holder of an Obligation Foncière or representative thereof will have the right to consult 
or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by 
the relevant holders of Obligations Foncières at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting,during the fifteen calendar day period 
preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(B) 
Written Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
a Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of the holders of Obligations Foncières 
holding not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières outstanding, 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(iv)(A). 
Any Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of such holder of Obligations Foncières. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the 
French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of 
electronic consent allowing the identification of the holders of Obligations Foncières.  
(C) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° (unless the Issuer is no longer a société de crédit foncier 
as a result of the change), 3°, 4°, L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce and 
the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Obligations 
Foncières, it being however specified for the avoidance of doubt that the holders of Obligations

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Foncières benefit from the same protection rights as non bondholder creditors (créanciers non 
obligataires). 
(v) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the Obligations Foncières. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Obligations Foncières of the same Tranche, and the holders of Obligations Foncières 
of any other Tranche which have been assimilated with the Obligations Foncières of such first 
mentioned Tranche in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole holder of Obligations Foncières 
If and for so long as the Obligations Foncières of a given Series are held by a sole holder of 
Obligations Foncières, and unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such 
sole holder of Obligations Foncières shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to 
the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce.  
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Obligations Foncières of such Series are held by a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, such holder 
of Obligations Foncières shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the holders of 
Obligations Foncières acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole holder of Obligations Foncières in 
this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the 
Obligations Foncières of such Series.  
(viii) Notices to holders of Obligations Foncières 
Any notice to be given to the holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance with this Condition 10 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
(ix) 
Full Masse 
For Obligations Foncières issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency), Condition 10 shall apply to the Obligations Foncières subject to the following 
modifications. 
(A) 
Condition 10(iv)(C) shall not apply to the Obligations Foncières; and 
(B) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(v) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the provisions of Article L.228-71 of the French Code de commerce. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 10, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Obligations 
Foncières subscribed or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations as referred to 
in Condition 6(f). 
11 
Replacement of definitive Obligations Foncières, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Obligations Foncières, a Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière, Coupon 
or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and Regulated Market or stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
designation is given to holders of Obligations Foncières, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Obligations 
Foncières or Coupons create and issue further Obligations Foncières to be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the Obligations Foncières provided such further Obligations Foncières and 
the further Obligations Foncières carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms 
of such further Obligations Foncières provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions 
to "Obligations Foncières" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, with the prior approval 
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on 
giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance with 
Condition 13, without the consent of the holders of Obligations Foncières or Coupons, consolidate the 
Obligations Foncières of one Series with the Obligations Foncières of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Obligations Foncières have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in 
Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same 
terms and conditions as the Obligations Foncières. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Obligations Foncières in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or 
(ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) 
they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF 
and so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so 
require or (d) so long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices may also be published on the website of the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if, at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos) or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and so 
long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), on which such 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market(s) so require or (d) so long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the regulated

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices may also be published on the website of the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Obligations 
Foncières in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Obligations Foncières are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as 
required by Conditions 13 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that notices will be published (i) (a) so long as 
such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF or (c) so long as 
such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules applicable 
to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Obligations 
Foncières is/are admitted to trading are/is situated, or (d) so long as the Obligations Foncières are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices may also be 
published on the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 10 and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 
and R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be (a) given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Obligations 
Foncières are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the holders of 
Obligations Foncières at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing 
and (b) published on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). For the 
avoidance of doubt, Conditions 13(a), (b), (c) and (d) shall not apply to such notices.  
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Obligations Foncières, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Obligations Foncières, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED 
IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate, without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate"), will initially be issued 
in connection with Materialised Obligations Foncières. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Obligations Foncières equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Obligations Foncières the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Obligations 
Foncières that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Obligations Foncières will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor provision in substantially similar 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code")) (the "C Rules" or "TEFRA C") or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed Definitive Materialised 
Obligations Foncières. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières" means, in relation 
to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières will be 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
Forms of such Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières shall be available at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Obligations Foncières are issued prior 
to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be 
postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Obligations Foncières. 
Legend concerning United States Persons 
In the case of Obligations Foncières issued in accordance with the United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor provision in substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
4701 of the Code) (the "D Rules" or "TEFRA D"), any Materialised Obligations Foncières and any Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States Holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on such Obligations Foncières and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Obligations Foncières or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds in the case of 
Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières (as defined below), 
will be (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) applied by the Issuer either: 
• 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
• 
in the case of green Obligations Foncières (the "Green Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework; or 
• 
in the case of social Obligations Foncières (the "Social Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible 
Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
• 
in the case of sustainability Obligations Foncières (the "Sustainability Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Obligations Foncières for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Sfil Group Social Note Framework are 
available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
In relation to Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be, and in relation to the principles and guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association 
(the "ICMA"):  
• 
the Sfil Group Social Note Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles (the "SBP"), published by the ICMA;  
• 
Sfil has requested a second party opinion (the "Social Second Party Opinion") on the Sfil Group Social Note 
Framework assessing its alignment with the SBP. This Social Second Party Opinion is available on Sfil's website 
(https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/);  
• 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles, the SBP 
and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG"), published by the ICMA; and 
• 
Sfil has requested a second party opinion (the "Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion") on the 
Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with the Green Bond 
Principles, the SBP and the SBG. This Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion is available on Sfil's 
website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
An allocation reporting will be made available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/) within one year from the date of the issue of the relevant Green Obligations 
Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and annually 
thereafter until the net proceeds have been fully allocated. 
An independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social 
Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Social 
Second Party Opinion and the Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL 
Legal structure and name of the Issuer 
The Issuer was created on 29 December 1998 for a period of 99 years. It was authorized to operate as a société de 
crédit foncier by the Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d'investissement (now a part of the French 
Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) ("ACPR")) at its 
meeting on 23 July 1999. The authorization became definitive on 1 October 1999. 
On 31 January 2013, the Issuer was renamed Caisse Française de Financement Local to replace Dexia Municipal 
Agency, upon the sale of its sole shareholder, Société de Financement Local (renamed Sfil in June 2015), to the 
French State, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") and La Banque Postale. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's 
sole shareholder is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share 
and continues to be present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest 
missions entrusted to Sfil. 
On 2 June 2023, the Issuer changed its registered office, which is now located at 112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 
Paris, France (Telephone: +33 1 73 28 90 90).  
The Issuer is (i) registered under number 421 318 064 with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Nanterre 
and (ii) expected to be registered under the same number with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Paris as 
from 12 June 2023. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is a société anonyme à Directoire et Conseil de Surveillance, a joint-stock 
corporation with an Executive Board and a Supervisory Board, governed by the provisions of Articles L.210-1 et 
seq. of the Code de commerce. Its activity is regulated by Articles L.511-1 et seq. (credit institutions) and L.513-2 et 
seq. (sociétés de crédit foncier) of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Nature and activity of the Issuer  
Caisse Française de Financement Local (also known by its acronym CAFFIL) is a credit institution active in the 
refinancing of loans to public sector entities or those they guarantee through the issue of covered bonds, which are 
called obligations foncières. 
It is a specialised credit institution authorized to operate as a société de crédit foncier. As a credit institution, the 
Issuer is subject to all legal and regulatory provisions that apply to credit institutions. It conducts banking 
transactions in its ordinary course of business. As a société de crédit foncier, it engages in transactions that are 
specialised and have an exclusive purpose, as defined in Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier.  
In the case of Caisse Française de Financement Local, this specialisation is exclusively limited to transactions with 
public sector entities or entities they guarantee as specified in its authorization granted by the ACPR and its own by-
laws. 
• 
The authorization mentions that the Issuer "is approved as a société de crédit foncier, the activities of which 
exclusively concern the granting or acquisition of loans to public sector entities or those they guarantee, as 
well as the holding of securitization units or shares of similar entities when the assets in these securitizations 
are for at least 90% composed of assets of the same nature as the above-mentioned loans, in accordance 
with Article 94-II and III of law 99-532". 
• 
The purpose of the Issuer (Article 2 of the by-laws) specifies that the exclusive purpose of the Issuer is: 
– 
to grant or to acquire exposures on public sector entities as defined in Article L.513-4 and in Article 
L.513-6 paragraph 2 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
– 
to hold securities, exposures or deposits under the conditions set by decree. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier, which were created by the law of June 1999, are now well-known in the world of bond 
issuers and investors. They issue covered bonds called obligations foncières and contract other covered debt

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
negotiable or not in regulated markets. All these instruments are characterized by the legal privilege that primarily 
affects cash flows from the Issuer's assets to pay the interest and reimbursement of the obligations foncières. Sociétés 
de crédit foncier may also issue or contract non-covered debt. Obligations foncières constitute a significant element 
in the international covered bond market. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local received authorization by the ACPR to use the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label for its issues of Obligations Foncières. 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole 
shareholder is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and 
continues to be present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions 
entrusted to Sfil.  
Sfil's shareholding structure is thus still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is 
preserved and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance 
with the applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of 
support, completed by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned 
development bank.  
This commitment, made with the ACPR, underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic 
decisions, as well as its determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial 
transactions and to comply with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil, the parent company of Caisse Française de Financement Local, signed an 
updated declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement Local, ensuring that "Sfil, its reference 
shareholder CDC and the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse Française de 
Financement Local always be able to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic base is 
protected and its financial strength preserved, in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations". This 
declaration of support is reproduced on pages 138 and 139 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Areas of business of Sfil and Caisse de Française de Financement Local 
Caisse Française de Financement Local and its parent company Sfil (formerly Société de Financement Local) are 
key elements in the financing of local governments and public hospitals in France introduced by the French State in

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
2013. This organization is based on a commercial activity developed by La Banque Postale with refinancing 
provided by Caisse Française de Financement Local. As part of its integration into the Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations group, Caisse Française de Financement Local also refinances long-term loans to local authorities 
distributed by Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, via the Banque des Territoires, since the end of 2022. 
In 2015, the French State entrusted Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local with the responsibility to 
refinance large export credits with the guarantee of the State. Public guarantees for foreign trade, which in particular 
cover export credit insurance operations and enhanced guarantees, are granted by the Minister in charge of the 
Economy, once approved by the Guarantees and Foreign Trade Credit Commission. Their management is entrusted 
to Bpifrance Assurance Export that deliver these guarantees, under the State's control, on its behalf and in its name.  
The objective is to enable large export credits as well as loans to French local governments and public hospitals to 
benefit from optimal financing conditions through a high rating and irreproachable risk management. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Sensitivity reduction and decrease in litigation related to structured loans 
The Issuer has, in its portfolio, some structured loans considered as sensitive which had been granted to French 
clients by Dexia Crédit Local before the acquisition of the Issuer by Sfil. Certain of these customers initiated legal 
proceedings against Dexia Crédit Local, the Issuer and/or Sfil. 
Sensitive loans and reduction in loan sensitivity  
The most structured loans according to the Gissler classification (categories 3E, 4E and 5E as well as "not in the 
charter" loans) may be classified as "sensitive". As of 31 December 2022, they now represent only EUR 0.4 billion 
in outstandings (0.7% of the cover pool) compared with EUR 8.5 billion on Sfil's inception at the end of 2012, i.e. 
a decrease of over 95%. The number of customers holding sensitive loans fell over the same period from 879 to 111. 
The scope of sensitive structured loans is therefore extremely limited and the associated risk is no longer material 
for Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Legal risk 
The number of borrowers in litigation under structured loans amounted to 1 as of 31 December 2022 compared to 3 
as of 31 December 2021. Since the creation of Sfil, 222 borrowers dropped the claims they had initiated against 
structured loans, which had been marketed by Dexia. The processing of the most sensitive structured credit files can 
be considered complete. 
The number of borrowers in litigation under unstructured loans amounted to 4 as of 31 December 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, to the Caisse Française de Financement Local's knowledge, there were no other lawsuits 
or disputes between Sfil or Caisse Française de Financement Local and its borrowers that were considered 
significant. 
Tax risk 
Sfil's Finance division is responsible for tax declarations and may consult the Sfil's General Secretary for tax advice. 
Sfil relies notably on tax advisory firms of excellent repute for managing its tax risk. During 2021 and 2022, the 
French and Irish administrations met concerning the taxation in Ireland of the income of the former Dexia Municipal 
Agency (Caisse Française de Financement Local's former name) branch in Dublin, which was closed in 2013 and 
which resulted in a tax adjustment notice from the French tax authorities in 2018 for the tax audit relating to the 
2012 and 2013 financial years. Discussions, which aim to address the double taxation to which Caisse Française de 
Financement Local has been subject, should continue in 2023. Caisse Française de Financement Local paid all of 
the duties assessed. 
Other litigation 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any other governmental litigation or proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
this Base Prospectus which may or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
THE LEGAL REGIME APPLICABLE TO CAFFIL 
Please note that the paragraphs below relating to the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier 
are based on French laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and should be read in 
conjunction with, as the case may be, any relevant instruction from the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) or ministerial order published in respect of sociétés de 
crédit foncier. 
Legal Framework 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier results 
from the following provisions (as they may be amended from time to time):  
- 
Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
- 
Articles R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
- 
Regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 of 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and Financial Regulatory 
Committee (Comité de la Règlementation Bancaire et Financière or CRBF) (the "CRBF Regulation"); and 
- 
the various instructions relating to sociétés de crédit foncier issued by the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
In addition, to maintain its European covered bond "premium" label, Caisse Française de Financement Local has to 
comply with article 129 of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (the "CRR II Regulation") as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation"). 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority Right of Payment) 
Obligations foncières are specialised covered bond products that can only be issued by credit institutions licensed 
and regulated in France as sociétés de crédit foncier. Obligations foncières benefit from the legal Privilège under 
French law which provides a priority right of payment on certain eligible assets and cash flow of the société de crédit 
foncier, such as the Issuer, to the holders of obligations foncières and other privileged debt. Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's total assets must always exceed liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, in particular in 
accordance with Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The legal Privilège is governed by Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier and has, in particular, 
the following characteristics: 
− 
the amounts resulting from loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits (dépôts) referred 
to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of French Code monétaire et financier, including any mortgage, charge, lien 
or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial instruments used for hedging as 
referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier (in each case, after any applicable set-
off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the société de crédit foncier with credit institutions, 
are allocated in priority for the payment of any sums due in relation to the obligations foncières and other 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in Article L.513-2 I 2° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, including Caisse Française de Financement Local's derivative counterparties and payments to Sfil 
under the loan service agreements between them; 
− 
when a société de crédit foncier is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure 
de liquidation judiciaire), or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as described in Article L.513-2 I 2° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or 
not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements. No other creditor of a société de crédit 
foncier may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société de crédit foncier, either in principal or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
interest, until creditors benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier have been fully paid off; and 
− 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of 
obligations foncières or other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local does not have any employees.  
In accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, Caisse Française de Financement 
Local must entrust the management or recovery of the loans, exposures, related receivables (créances assimilées), 
titles, deposits (dépôts), bonds or other resources referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, to a credit institution or financing company (société de financement) pursuant to an agreement entered 
into with such entity. Payments arising under the loan service agreements with Sfil benefit from the Privilège to the 
same extent debt benefitting from the Privilège. 
Legislation relating to sociétés de crédit foncier 
Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that the sole purpose of a société de crédit foncier 
is: 
− 
to grant or acquire guaranteed loans, exposures to public sector entities, securities, deposits (dépôts) and 
exposures, each referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier; and 
− 
in order to finance such categories of loans, exposures, securities, assets and deposits, to issue obligations 
foncières benefiting from the Privilège and to issue other debt pursuant to the contract or the document made 
for the information of the public as provided for in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended or any equivalent document required for admission to 
any foreign regulated market, if such contract or document refers to the Privilège. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier may also fund the activities referred to above through the issue of bonds or other sources 
of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège. They may also issue promissory notes (billets à ordre).  
Sociétés de crédit foncier may carry out temporary transfers of securities; pledge a securities account and pledge or 
transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the applicable provisions of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged are not included in the Cover Pool 
(as such term is defined in "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Issuer – Risk of default in the Cover Pool") 
defined in Article L.513-11 (assiette du privilège) and are not taken into account for the calculation of the over-
collateralisation ratio. 
According to Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, eligible exposures to public sector entities 
mentioned in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier that may be included in the Cover Pool, are 
assets such as loans, certain debt securities or off-balance sheet exposures to the entities listed below or fully 
guaranteed by them. 
− 
Central governments, central banks, public institutions, local authorities or state-owned entities located in a 
Member State of the European Union (collectively, the "Eligible States"); 
− 
Central governments or central banks not located in an Eligible State, but who benefit from the highest level of 
credit quality6 established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) in accordance with Article L.511-44 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier; 
 
6  
highest level of credit quality (or Step 1): AAA to AA (low) low for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, Aaa to Aa3 for Moody's France SAS or AAA to AA- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
− 
The international organisations mentioned in Article 118 of the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (the "Capital Requirements Regulation"), multilateral 
development banks mentioned in Article 117 of the same Regulation, and other international organisations and 
multilateral development banks, each benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by a credit 
rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) in accordance with Article L.511-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
− 
Public institutions and local authorities located in a state that is neither a Member State of the European Union 
nor party to the European Economic Area if financial exposure to such persons are subject, for the determination 
of capital adequacy, to the same requirements as those used for central governments, central banks or credit 
institutions, or fully guaranteed by such persons, and benefiting from the highest level of credit quality 
established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and 
− 
Central administrations and central banks located in states that are not members of the European Union, public 
institutions and local authorities mentioned in the bullet point above, each benefiting from the second-highest 
level of credit quality7 established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), provided that such exposures are limited 
to 20% of the total outstanding nominal amount of the obligations foncières and other sources of financing 
benefiting from the Privilège. 
Eligible assets of the public sector entities described above include, among other things: 
− 
debt securities issued, or fully guaranteed, by one or more of the public sector entities mentioned above; 
− 
monetary claims, including those resulting from a successive performance contract, against the public sector 
entities referred to above, or fully guaranteed by one or more of such public sector entities; and 
− 
debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a public sector entity referred to above 
is party in the capacity of lessee or tenant, or debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts fully 
guaranteed by one or more of those public sector entities. Sociétés de crédit foncier that acquire debt resulting 
from a leasing contract may also acquire all or part of the debt that results from the sale of the leased property. 
According to Article L.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier, exposures secured by the remittal, sale or 
lien over receivables (be they trade receivables or not) granted by the société de crédit foncier with the benefit from 
Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Code monétaire et financier are 
assimilated to exposures referred to in Article L.513-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subject to these 
receivables complying with the conditions set out by article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In order to hedge its interest and currency risks on loans, exposures referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, obligations foncières and other sources of financing benefiting from the 
Privilège, or its global interest rate risk, sociétés de crédit foncier may use forward instruments as defined in 
Article L.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any amounts payable pursuant to these financial 
instruments, after applicable set-off, contracted to hedge its eligible assets or exposures to credit institutions, its 
liability items benefiting from the Privilège and to manage or hedge the global risk on its assets, its liabilities and 
its off-balance sheet, benefit from the Privilège. Sociétés de crédit foncier shall ensure that the volume of such 
forward instruments used is consistent in case the hedged risk decreases and that they are terminated in case the 
hedged risk disappears. Moreover, according to Article R.513-6-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
forward instruments used by sociétés de crédit foncier shall be an exposure on a credit institution benefiting at least 
from the second-highest level of credit quality established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French 
Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
According to Article L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier may hold as part 
of the Cover Pool exposures to credit institutions, including securities, instruments and deposits which are 
 
7  
second-highest level of credit quality (or Step 2): A (high) to A (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant 
rating activity, A1 to A3 for Moody's France SAS or A+ to A- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
sufficiently safe and liquid. Article R.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that these exposures 
to credit institutions shall be securities and deposits (dépôts) due from credit institutions, investment firms or 
portfolio management companies benefiting from the highest or the second highest level of credit quality established 
by an external rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) or guaranteed by such credit institutions or investment firms.  
If any debt has a maturity of less than one hundred (100) days, the rating can be the third highest level of credit 
quality for purposes of consideration as exposures to credit institutions. In addition: 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the highest level of credit quality is limited to 
15% of the total outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other 
sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège; 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the second highest level of credit quality is limited 
to 10% of the total outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other 
sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège; and 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the third highest level of credit quality that are 
short-term deposits (dépôts à court terme) or derivative instruments (instruments dérivés) is limited to 8% of 
the total outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other sources of 
financing benefiting from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier must 
ensure, at all times, the coverage of their treasury needs over a period covering the next one hundred and eighty 
(180) days, while taking into account forecast flows of the principal and interest on its assets and the amounts related 
to derivatives as mentioned in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Moreover, pursuant to 
Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier must, at all 
times, maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its eligible assets (including claims 
for payment owed in relation to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège as well as any collateral 
received in relation to such forward financial instruments) and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège, as calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the CRBF Regulation, and pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF 
Regulation, the average life of the eligible assets held by the société de crédit foncier, up to the minimum required 
to comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, shall not 
exceed by more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefitting from the Privilège. 
Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that a société de crédit foncier may, by way of 
exception to the provisions of Articles 1349 of the French Code civil and L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Code 
de commerce, subscribe to its own obligations foncières for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral for the 
credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its 
monetary and intraday credit policy, in instances where the société de crédit foncier is unable to cover its cash-flow 
needs by other means available to it. The obligations foncières thus subscribed must satisfy the following conditions:  
− 
they may represent a maximum of 10% of the total outstanding debt benefiting from the Privilège at the 
acquisition date; 
− 
they are deprived of their voting rights in general meetings of bondholders, for so long as they are held by the 
société de crédit foncier;  
− 
they must be posted as collateral to the Banque de France; in the absence of this allocation, they must be 
cancelled within eight (8) days; and 
− 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
The contrôleur spécifique must certify that the above-mentioned conditions are fulfilled and submit a report on this 
matter to the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution).

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
In addition: 
− 
according to Article L.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the provisions on bankruptcy which 
permit certain transactions entered into in the months preceding the bankruptcy to be declared void, do not apply 
to sociétés de crédit foncier; 
− 
according to Article L.513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the bankruptcy proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde, de redressement, de liquidation judiciaires or procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) of a 
shareholder of a société de crédit foncier cannot be extended to the société de crédit foncier itself; 
− 
according to Article L.513-21 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of the opening of any safeguard 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and 
liabilities of the société de crédit foncier, the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which 
the société de crédit foncier has delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets 
may be immediately terminated by the société de crédit foncier notwithstanding any legal provisions to the 
contrary; 
− 
according to Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, a société de crédit foncier is not legally 
allowed to have a subsidiary or hold an equity interest in another company; and 
− 
according to Article L.513-24 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of bankruptcy proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement, de liquidation judiciaires or procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) 
of a société de crédit foncier, the contrôleur spécifique will be responsible for filing claims on behalf of creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège.  
Sociétés de crédit foncier submit their coverage ratio to the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each 
year. Pursuant to Article 13 of the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de crédit foncier must send to the French Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) information relating to the quality of their assets. 
In particular, the characteristics and geographical distribution of loans or exposures and guarantees, the method of 
valorisation, the total of any unpaid amounts, the distribution of debts by amount and by category of debtors, a list 
of international identification numbers of the securities for all the issuances of obligations foncières, the proportion 
of early repayments, the market risk, the maturity structure of the financed assets and obligations foncières 
respectively, the consequences of a bankruptcy or resolution (insolvabilité ou résolution) of the credit institution 
issuing the obligations foncières on a maturity extension (prorogation d'une échéance), the role of the French 
Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) and, as the case may 
be, of the special administrator (administrateur spécial) relating to a maturity extension (prorogation d'une 
échéance) and the cover levels requested and available, as well as the legal, contractual and voluntary over-
collateralisation levels are required to be included as part of a published report. 
Please note that, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is subject to the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (see section entitled "Risk factors" above). 
Labelling 
With respect to obligations foncières issued as from 8 July 2022 (save for obligations foncières which are assimilated 
to and under the same legal regime as obligations foncières issued before 8 July 2022), pursuant to Article L. 513-
26-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, a société de crédit foncier may use: 
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to R.513-18 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier; and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to 
R.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
A société de crédit foncier may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is eligible, decide 
whether or not to comply with. 
The French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) is 
responsible for the granting and supervision of both "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" labels. In particular, the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) publishes the lists of obligations foncières that are entitled to use the labels "European 
Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)".  
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, the Specific Controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation are complied with. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local received authorisation by the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
for its issues of Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's exclusive purpose is (as per Article 2 of the by-laws): 
− 
to grant or acquire exposures on public sector entities as defined in Articles L.513-4 and in Article L.513-6 
paragraph 2 of the French Code monétaire et financier as well as assets considered as exposures to public sector 
entities; 
− 
to hold securities, exposures or deposits under the conditions set by decree; 
− 
in order to finance the above-mentioned loans, to issue obligations foncières, benefiting from the privilège 
defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier and to raise other funds, benefing from 
the same privilège. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may also fund the above-mentioned activities by issuing bonds or other 
sources or financing that do not benefit from the privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. 
Pursuant to Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Code monétaire et financier (previously French law n° 81-
1 of 2 January 1981 facilitating corporate borrowing), Caisse Française de Financement Local may assign all the 
assets it owns, whatever the nature (whether professional or not). 
The following paragraph summarises the Caisse Française de Financement Local's main general framework of 
activities: 
General market considerations  
Regarding the local public sector market: French local government debt reached a total amount of EUR 245 billion 
at the end of 2022.  
Regarding the export credit market: after a 2021 year slightly above average with EUR 5.5 billion large export 
credits insured by Bpifrance Assurance export, 2022 was characterized by a relatively low amount with EUR 3.5 
billion of concluded export credits eligible to Sfil refinancing. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local as issuer of obligations foncières operates within the covered bond market. 
This market segment has shown dynamic activity over the past years and benefits from a favorable regulatory 
environment for covered bonds. 
Assets 
The assets held by Caisse Française de Financement Local are solely comprised of commitments on public sector 
entities that are eligible by the terms of Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. These 
commitments are comprised of loans and bond issues representing a commitment on, or totally guaranteed by, these 
public bodies. 
Other assets, which current legislation calls exposures to credit institutions, may be acquired if they correspond to 
exposures on credit institutions benefiting from at least a Step 18 rating (level triple A or double A) or from a Step 
29 rating (level simple A) or, when their maturity does not exceed 100 days, from a Step 310 rating (level BBB), their 
total amount is limited to 15% of the total of outstanding obligations foncières and other debt benefiting from the 
legal privilège (registered covered bonds in the case of Caisse Française de Financement Local). This asset category 
is used for cash investments by the Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
 
8    highest level of credit quality (or Step 1): AAA to AA (low) low for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, Aaa to Aa3 for Moody's France SAS or AAA to AA- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
9    second-highest level of credit quality (or Step 2): A (high) to A (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, A1 to A3 for Moody's France SAS or A+ to A- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
10     third-highest level of credit quality (or Step 3): BBB (high) to BBB (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant 
rating activity, Baa1 to Baa3 for Moody's France SAS and BBB+ to BBB- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Most of the assets on Caisse Française de Financement Local's balance sheet were generated by the Dexia Group's 
commercial activities. The new assets of Caisse Française de Financement Local primarily involve the following: 
• 
since 2013, the activity of granting loans to French local governments and public hospitals through La Banque 
Postale; 
• 
since end of 2022, the activity of granting loans to French local governments and public hospitals through 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (via Banque des Territoires); 
• 
since 2013, new loans originated by Caisse Française de Financement Local in order to facilitate the decrease 
of its outstanding sensitive structured loans; 
• 
since 2016, the activity of granting loans to refinance large export credits guaranteed by the French State. 
Liabilities 
The contracts of Caisse Française de Financement Local that benefit from the legal privilège are the obligations 
foncières and registered covered bonds that it issues, the hedging derivative contracts and the servicing agreement 
signed with Sfil. 
In addition to its equity, Caisse Française de Financement Local uses two categories of debt to finance its assets: 
• 
debt that benefits from the legal privilège, defined by law as obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the legal privilège by reason of their contract. Caisse Française de Financement Local thus issues 
registered covered bonds benefiting from the legal privilège by reason of their contract in the same way as 
obligations foncières; intended for German institutional investors, these private placements governed by 
German law also benefit from the French legal privilège attached to issues of sociétés de crédit foncier; 
• 
debt that does not benefit from the legal privilège includes debt that is not covered by the assets and which, for 
this reason, is subordinated vis-à-vis debt benefiting from the privilège. With equity, it finances over-
collateralisation. It may be of two types: 
− 
debt negotiated according to the terms of a financing agreement signed with the parent company; 
− 
refinancing in its own name from the Banque de France. Caisse Française de Financement Local received 
the authorization and implemented the organizational and IT procedures required to participate in the 
refinancing operations of the Banque de France, and tests them regularly. The financing obtained does 
not benefit from the privilège specified by the legislation on sociétés de crédit foncier, but is guaranteed 
by assets (loans or bonds) assigned to the central bank. These pledged assets are temporarily excluded 
from the cover pool and the calculation of the over-collateralisation ratio. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil, the parent company of Caisse Française de Financement Local, signed an 
updated declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement Local, ensuring that "Sfil, its reference 
shareholder CDC and the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse Française de 
Financement Local always be able to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic base is 
protected and its financial strength preserved, in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations". This 
declaration of support is reproduced in this Base Prospectus on pages 138 and 139. 
Over-collateralisation ratio 
The over-collateralisation ratio, which is calculated on the basis of regulatory standards governing sociétés de crédit 
foncier, is the ratio between the assets of the cover pool (except for assets in default) and the debt benefiting from 
the legal privilège. The legal minimum threshold is set at 105% and corresponds to the minimum level that Caisse 
Française de Financement Local had committed to maintain since its creation. 
In practice, the over-collateralisation ratio is regularly higher than 105%. To maintain a sufficient credit rating, a 
level of over-collateralisation of more than 5% may be required by the rating agencies. This requirement depends 
on the methodology used by each rating agency and on the new assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheet 
of Caisse Française de Financement Local. It is also variable over time. Caisse Française de Financement Local

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
takes these specific requirements into account in the management of its activity in order to make sure they are 
constantly met. 
The rules for calculating the regulatory coverage ratio were modified as of 8 July 2022, when the Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issuance of covered bonds 
and the public supervision of covered bonds entered into force. Two changes have a slightly negative impact: 
defaulted receivables are now excluded from the assets of the cover pool and a virtual liability is added to the 
privileged debt (corresponding to the maintenance and management costs that would be incurred to terminate the 
issue program). The values of the ratio calculated as of this date comply with the new rules. Approximately half of 
the decrease in the ratio observed in 2022 corresponds to the effects of this regulatory change.  
  
Regulatory over-collateralisation may differ from nominal over-collateralisation. In fact, it is calculated on the basis 
of the rules determined by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution). In particular, these rules require different weighting levels according to the assets. The assets in 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's cover pool are weighted at 100%. The small difference between the two 
ratios can be explained by the accrued interest not yet due taken into account in the regulatory over-collateralisation 
ratio 
Any assets that Caisse Française de Financement Local may have assigned in guarantee to borrow funds from the 
Banque de France or any other banking institution would be excluded from the calculation of over-collateralisation.  
Over-collateralisation may also be illustrated by the gap between the amortization curves of the cover pool and 
liabilities benefiting from the legal privilège. The following graph presents the curves as of 31 December 2022:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Hedging interest rate risk 
1. Definition 
Interest rate structural risk is defined as the risk of loss incurred in the event of a change in interest rates that would 
lead to a loss in value of balance sheet and off-balance sheet transactions, excluding any trading portfolio 
transactions. Since Caisse Française de Financement Local does not have a trading portfolio, it is not concerned by 
this exception. 
There are four types of interest rate risks, which are generally hedged by using derivatives:  
 
2. Hedging strategy 
Caisse Française de Financement Local has defined a fixed-rate risk appetite, which is broken down into a system 
of limits governing the sensitivity of the net present value (NPV). In order to manage this sensitivity within the limits 
set, Caisse Française de Financement Local has implemented the following hedging strategy: 
•  
micro-hedging of interest rate risk on balance sheet items denominated in a currency other than euro or 
indexed to a complex interest rate structure. Certain euro-denominated vanilla transactions may also be 
micro-hedged if their notional value or duration could lead to a sensitivity limit being exceeded. Micro-
hedging is carried out exclusively by swaps; 
•  
macro-hedging of interest rate risk for all transactions that are not micro-hedged. The transactions 
concerned are mainly (i) loans to the local public sector and (ii) issues of obligations foncières denominated 
in euros. This macro-hedging is obtained as much as possible by matching fixed-rate assets and liabilities 
via the unwinding of swaps and, for the rest, by setting up new swaps against €STR (previously against 
EURIBOR). 
This fixed-rate risk management is supplemented by monitoring of the fixings of operations at adjustable rates in 
order to ensure that they do not lead to the short-term sensitivity limit being exceeded. Where appropriate, swaps 
against €STR may be entered into to hedge the fixing risk. These hedges can be entered into either directly on the 
market by Caisse Française de Financement Local, or through Sfil, which in turn hedges its resulting position in the 
market. Debt not benefiting from the non-privileged debt is not hedged. Debt contracted by Caisse Française de 
Financement Local with its shareholder to finance over-collateralisation is borrowed either directly with a €STR 
index and does not need to be swapped, or with a Euribor index and thus finances assets also indexed on EURIBOR. 
Short-term debt owed to the Banque de France with a fixed rate (if any) is not hedged, but finances fixed rate assets. 
These different kinds of interest rate risks are analysed and managed through: 
• 
the monitoring of fixed-rate, index and fixing gaps, calculated using a static approach:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Assets portfolios for which the strategy is to be entirely hedged are not sensitive to interest rates changes and 
thus are not integrated in the calculation of the global sensitivity of Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
balance sheet. 
• 
the monthly production of net present value (NPV) sensitivity indicators (cf. description in the sub-section 
entitled "Hedging interest rate risk" below). 
 
3. Limits on interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk management system is mainly based on the risk indicator in economic value (sensitivity of the 
net present value (NPV)). 
Since 1st January 2022, Caisse Française de Financement Local has implemented a new interest rate risk 
management methodology: the measurement of this risk is equal to the maximum loss in net present value (NPV) 
observed compared to eight different interest rate scenarios. These eight scenarios correspond to the six scenarios 
used for calculating the regulatory "outlier" ratio, to which are added two additional internal scenarios based on 
historical variations in rates. Unlike regulatory ratios, equity is taken into account in the calculation of these 
indicators. 
 
Outlook for 2023 
2023 will be Sfil Group's eleventh year of existence. In 10 years, Sfil has become a major public development bank 
and has exceptional access to the financial markets. In partnership with La Banque Postale, it is the leading financer 
of French local authorities and public hospitals. The signing of a new partnership with the Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations for the marketing of long- and very long‑term fixed‑rate loans via Banque des Territoires will also 
make it possible to enrich its offering in this customer segment to finance, in particular, the investments necessary 
for the environmental transition. With regard to the export credit activity, there should be more financing projects in 
2023. 
Building on these strengths, Sfil Group will pursue the three pillars of its "#Objectif2026" strategic plan, for which 
2022 was the first year of implementation: fully exploiting the strengths of its public development bank model, 
broadening its intervention methods in response to the challenges of the recovery plans and the climate transition 
and initiating a new phase of internal transformation. 
• 
Conduct of public policy missions 
With regard to the financing of loans to the French public sector, Sfil Group and its partners, La Banque Postale and 
the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations via Banque des Territoires, will support the French government recovery 
plan for investments in local authorities and the "Ségur de la Santé" plan for investments in public health institutions. 
In particular, they will encourage the development of financing for the environmental transition, notably through the 
range of green loans. They will also actively support their customers' social projects via the range of social loans 
dedicated to hospitals in France and via the new range of social loans for local authorities. Under these conditions, 
production should therefore remain at a sustained level in 2023. The outlook in terms of green financing needs for 
the coming years is very significant given the central role of local authorities in the recovery plan and the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
environmental transition. The level of production will nevertheless remain subject to the speed with which local 
authorities become familiar with this type of financing as well as the evolution of interest rates in line with the terms 
of calculation of the usury threshold. 
With regard to the refinancing of major export contracts, many projects are being studied including several that are 
at an advanced stage of negotiation by French exporters and their bank partners. In particular, for 2023, the transport, 
energy and water infrastructure sectors as well as the defense sector could request refinancing from Sfil Group. The 
long‑term business perspectives are therefore very strong. The study of the extension of the system for sustainable 
projects in which a French strategic interest is present and which call on sources of financing covered by a European 
or multilateral public guarantee is continuing. This expansion is subject to prior authorization from the European 
Commission. 
The financing needs of its two business lines will be mainly covered by Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Thus, Caisse Française de Financement Local plans to use the financial markets in 2023 for volumes of between 
EUR 5 billion and EUR 7 billion so it will have to control its financing conditions in an environment marked by the 
withdrawal of asset purchases by the European Central Bank and by a sharp increase in the net issue volumes of 
European sovereigns. The new sustainable framework rolled out in October 2022 will make it possible to finance 
the new range of social loans to local authorities. 
• 
Regulatory changes 
In order to finalize the Basel III reforms, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a 
regulation amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended. This proposal provides for the 
creation of a specific "IRBA" category for exposures to Regional Governments & Local Authorities (RGLA) and to 
public sector entities (PSE) (now separate from that of financial institutions). It is being discussed as part of the 
trilogy following the amendments proposed by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. 
Caisse Française de Financement Locale is attentive to the ongoing discussions, in particular the calibration of the 
criteria that will be applicable to it after 1st January 2025. 
In 2022, Sfil Group continued to analyze the impact of the various European texts governing the new regulatory 
obligations for the publication of non‑financial information, in particular, the Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 called "CSRD", the sustainability reporting standards 
proposed by the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group to the European Commission and the Regulation 
(EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended. As a result, Sfil Group will have to comply with the 
new provisions introduced by these texts from 1st January 2026. 
• 
Geopolitical environment 
Sfil Group will closely monitor the international situation and macroeconomic developments. It will pay particular 
attention to the degree of market volatility in a context influenced by the persistence of inflation, the monetary policy 
of the European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve System and the unstable geopolitical environment, 
particularly the conflict in Ukraine. On this last point, the foreseeable impacts for Caisse Française de Financement 
Local remain extremely limited to date.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer  
Caisse Française de Financement Local and its parent company Sfil are key elements in the financing of local 
governments and public hospitals in France. The organization, introduced by the French State in 2013, is based on 
a commercial activity developed by La Banque Postale with refinancing provided by Caisse Française de 
Financement Local. As part of its integration into the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") group, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local also refinances long-term loans to local authorities distributed by CDC, via the 
Banque des Territoires, since the end of 2022. 
Since 2015, the French State has entrusted Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local with a second mission 
that is the responsibility to refinance large export credits with the guarantee of the State. The objective is to enable 
large export credits, as well as French local governments and public hospitals to benefit from optimal financing 
conditions through a high rating and irreproachable risk management. 
Sfil is also the institution managing Caisse Française de Financement Local, in accordance with article L.513-15 
of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole 
shareholder is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and 
continues to be present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest 
missions entrusted to Sfil. 
This operation enables the public financial institutions to continue to serve the French territory, by grouping them 
within a large public financial group, formed around CDC and La Poste. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is preserved 
and its economic base protected, and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance with the 
applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of support, 
completed by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned 
development bank.  
This commitment, made with the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution), underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic decisions, as 
well as its determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial 
transactions and to comply with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer since 30 September 2020

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Servicing and financing provided by Sfil 
The role of Sfil primarily involves the following: 
• 
the complete operational management of the Issuer as defined by the regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit 
foncier, in particular Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
• 
provision of Caisse Française de Financement Local with the non-privileged funding and derivatives it needs 
to carry out its activities. Sfil obtains these resources from the markets by issuing long-dated (bonds) debt and, 
to a lesser degree, short-dated (certificates of deposit) debt. It has gradually established its signature in the 
French agency segment by launching benchmark EMTN issues in Euros and dollars. Sfil can also finance these 
needs under loan agreements signed with its shareholder, CDC, and its partner, La Banque Postale. The 
refinancing initially provided via these agreements has gradually been completely replaced since 2016 by the 
financing obtained by Sfil on the financial markets. Nevertheless, shareholder refinancing is still available 
particularly in the case of liquidity requirements generated under a situation of stress. The financing agreement 
signed between CDC and Sfil (initially signed in February 2013) was also revised in December 2020 to adapt 
it to the new shareholder environment and Sfil's current financial position. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil signed an updated declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local, which is reproduced as follows:  
"Since 31 January 2013, Sfil is the reference shareholder of Caisse Française de Financement Local, a société de 
crédit foncier, governed by Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial Code and holds 99.99% of its 
capital. 
Sfil will continue to stand as reference shareholder and hold more than 99% of the capital of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local on a long-term basis. 
Sfil, its reference shareholder CDC and the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse 
Française de Financement Local always be able to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic 
base is protected and its financial strength preserved, in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations. 
Original text in French:  
Depuis le 31 janvier 2013, Sfil est l'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local, société 
de crédit foncier soumise aux dispositions des articles L.513-2 et suivants du Code monétaire et financier et détient 
99,99% de son capital. 
Sfil continuera de jouer le rôle d'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local et détiendra 
durablement plus de 99% du capital. 
Sfil, son actionnaire de référence la CDC et l'Etat français feront en sorte, sous réserve des règles de l'Union 
Européenne relatives aux aides d'Etat, de protéger la base économique de la Caisse Française de Financement

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Local et de préserver sa viabilité financière tout au long de son existence conformément aux obligations imposées 
par la règlementation bancaire en vigueur. 
 
Philippe MILLS 
Directeur Général 
Sfil 
It should be noted that Sfil also supplies services for the business of lending to French public sector entities engaged 
by La Banque Postale. These services concern activities involving commercial support, financial oversight, the 
supply of data for risk analysis and back office operations. 
Partnership between La Banque Postale and Caisse Française de Financement Local 
In early 2013, Caisse Française de Financement Local and La Banque Postale signed an exclusive sale agreement 
to fund the needs of the French local public sector and public hospitals. The arrangement, set up under the aegis of 
the French State, works as follows: La Banque Postale markets loans to the French local public sector and public 
hospitals, then sells them to Caisse Française de Financement Local, which refinances them by issuing obligations 
foncières (covered bonds). The loans originated are exclusively in Euro with a vanilla interest rate. 
La Banque Postale committed to propose to Caisse Française de Financement Local all the loans that would be 
eligible for its cover pool. 
This partnership enables Caisse Française de Financement Local to maintain its control of the credit risk through a 
two-stage analysis. 
• 
When the loan is originated, the initial analysis of the counterparty is carried out simultaneously at the two 
entities. The loans that do not meet the credit and eligibility criteria of Caisse Française de Financement Local 
cannot be transferred to its balance sheet.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local's eligibility criteria are strictly monitored by internal management 
policies and limit eligible counterparties to French local public sector entities and public hospitals.  
• 
Before loans originated by La Banque Postale are sold to Caisse Française de Financement Local, a new 
analysis of the assets is conducted, and Caisse Française de Financement Local may refuse a loan prior to the 
sale if the asset no longer meets the criteria. 
As required by law, the sale of loans to Caisse Française de Financement Local is carried out by using a transfer 
form (bordereau de cession) that is specific to sociétés de crédit foncier.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Partnership between CDC (via Banque des Territoires) and Caisse Française de Financement Local 
In November 2022, Caisse Française de Financement Local and the CDC signed a framework agreement for the sale 
of receivables to finance the needs of the local public sector and French public hospitals. The system operates as 
follows: 
• 
the CDC markets loans to the French local public sector and public hospitals distributed by the Banque des 
Territoires, then sells them to Caisse Française de Financement Local, which refinances them by issuing 
obligations foncières (covered bonds); 
• 
the loans marketed are fixed-rate loans denominated exclusively in euros and for long terms (generally more 
than 25 years); 
• 
these loans are mainly intended to finance sustainable investments with an environmental or social purpose. 
The operating procedures of this system are comparable to that existing with La Banque Postale. 
The sale of loans to Caisse Française de Financement Local is carried out by using a transfer form (bordereau de 
cession) that is provided by law and specific to sociétés de crédit foncier.  
Refinancing of export credit 
In addition to their mission of refinancing French local governments and public hospitals, Sfil and Caisse Française 
de Financement Local have been entrusted with a second mission by the French State: to refinance large French 
export contracts, with the objective to support French exports in terms of financial competitiveness, in accordance 
with a public refinancing plan comparable to that of other OECD countries. In this context, Sfil signed a protocol 
agreement governing relations with 20 commercial banks, thereby confirming relations with almost all the banks 
active in the French export credit market. Sfil may acquire all or a part of the participation of each of these banks in 
an export credit.  
In this context, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to Sfil in order to refinance its export credits. 
Such loans benefit from an irrevocable and unconditional 100% guarantee by the French State (enhanced guarantee). 
This business brings Caisse Française de Financement Local closer to the French State, without modifying the risk 
profile of its cover pool.  
These loans, like the French public sector loans marketed by La Banque Postale and by CDC (via Banque des 
Territoires), are added to the portfolio of Caisse Française de Financement Local, which is financed by the issue of 
obligations foncières. 
1. Organization 
The system functions as follows: 
• 
Sfil contributes to the financial proposal made by one or more banks in the banking syndicate granting the 
buyer credit covered by the export credit insurance guaranteed by the French State.  
• 
After the export contract finalisation, these banks sell a part of the loans (and the attached rights) to Sfil and 
keep at least the share of the export credit not covered by the insurance (usually 5%). 
• 
Caisse Française de Financement Local grants a loan to Sfil to enable it to refinance the acquired export credit. 
This refinancing loan benefits from an irrevocable and unconditional 100% guarantee by the French State, 
referred to as an enhanced guarantee. 
Loans granted by Caisse Française de Financement Local to Sfil to refinance the purchased export credits thus 
constitute exposures that are totally guaranteed by the French State and eligible for the cover pool of a société de 
crédit foncier. These loans also comply with the European CRR regulation (Article 129, which specifies the assets 
authorized for inclusion in a cover pool to ensure that the covered bonds will benefit from the best prudential 
treatment). 
2. French State export guarantees

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Previously granted by Coface, since late 2016, these guarantees have been managed by Bpifrance Assurance Export, 
in the name of, on behalf of, and under the control of the French State, pursuant to Article L.432.2 of the French 
Code des assurances. 
• 
Guarantee-granting decisions are made by the Minister in charge of the Economy and Finances after instruction 
by Bpifrance Assurance Export and the opinion of the French Export Credit and Guarantee Commission 
(Commission des garanties et du crédit au commerce extérieur).  
• 
Bpifrance Assurance Export issues insurance policies, as well as enhanced guarantees, in accordance with the 
decision made. In this context, Bpifrance Assurance Export is also tasked with collecting insurance and 
guarantee premiums, managing risks, payments, and collections on behalf of the French State. 
• 
The risks related to these guarantees are borne by the French State and all financial flows (premiums, payments, 
repayments) are recorded in separate accounting entries by Bpifrance Assurance Export. Premiums and 
collections are received directly on the account of the French State, and payments are made directly from the 
same account, without passing through the accounts of Bpifrance Assurance Export. 
3. The specific case of exports of civil aircraft and helicopters 
Financing of export contracts for civil aircraft and helicopters benefits from a so-called "pure and unconditional" 
guarantee (GPI) aimed at unconditionally and fully guaranteeing at 100% the non-repayment of the loan by the 
debtor. This guarantee is managed by Bpifrance Assurance Export in the name, on behalf of and under the control 
of the French State. 
For these transactions, no enhanced guarantee has been put in place to cover the refinancing loan of Sfil by Caisse 
Française de Financement Local. In effect, Sfil transfers to Caisse Française de Financement Local, with the 
agreement of Bpifrance Assurance Export, full ownership of the benefit of the unconditional guarantee at 100% 
from which the export credit benefits (GPI), under a financial guarantee contract provided for in the refinancing loan 
agreement.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is administered by an Executive Board (Directoire) consisting of five 
members, and a Supervisory Board (Conseil de Surveillance). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory 
Board of Caisse Française de Financement Local consisted of six members, including the Chairman of the Board 
and the Vice Chairman of the Board. Statutory auditors as well as the contrôleur spécifique may also attend board 
meetings (depending on the nature of the items on the agenda). 
Members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local were composed as follows: 
Representative 
Function at the Issuer 
Date of 
Appointment 
Term 
Gilles Gallerne 
Chairman of the Executive Board 
31 January 2013 
2025 
Herdile Guerin 
CEO, member of the Executive 
Board 
18 March 2020 
2025 
Olivier Eudes 
Member of the Executive Board 
27 May 2015 
2025 
Emilie Boissier 
Member of the Executive Board 
8 September 2022 
2025 
Lan-Anh Pham 
Member of the Executive Board 
31 January 2021 
2025 
Philippe Mills 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
31 January 2013 
2025 
François Laugier 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
31 January 2013 
2025 
Nathalie Argourd 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
30 May 2017 
2025 
Anne Crépin 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
30 May 2017 
2025 
Béatrice Gosserez 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
12 December 2012 
2024 
Florent Lecinq 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
25 February 2013 
2025 
 
Members of the Executive Board and their membership in other boards  
• 
Gilles Gallerne, Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil, member of the Board of Directors, Association des 
Sociétés Financières (ASF), co-manager, SCI Bonibar 
• 
Herdile Guérin 
• 
Olivier Eudes, Manager, SCI Phoenix 
• 
Emilie Boissier 
• 
Lan-Anh Pham, Co-manager, SARL Mai Kim

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Members of the Supervisory Board and their membership in other boards 
• 
Philippe Mills 
Director and Chairman of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
Member of the Board of directors of European Association of Public Banks (EAPB) 
• 
François Laugier 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
 
• 
Nathalie Argourd 
• 
Anne Crépin 
Member of the National Committee of Foreign Trade Advisors of France – Vice-Chair of the Business Support 
Commissions 
• 
Béatrice Gosserez 
Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
• 
Florent Lecinq 
Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
Set forth above are the names, the titles and significant directorships (if any) of the current members of the Executive 
Board and Supervisory Board of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Their business addresses are c/o Caisse 
Française de Financement Local, 112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France. 
The individuals listed above have no potential conflicts of interest between their duties to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Amount of the capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, share capital stands at EUR 1,350,000,000 represented by 13,500,000 
nominative shares. 
There are no other securities that grant rights to shares in the capital of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Capital in the last five years 
 
 
The share capital of Caisse Française de Financement Local is 99.99% owned by Sfil and 0.01% by a single 
individual, member of the Supervisory Board (prêt de consommation d'actions granted by Sfil). The amount of 
capital has not changed over the last five years.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
Management Agreement 
The Issuer does not have any employees.  
In accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer is not permitted to ensure 
by itself the management or recovery of the loans, exposures, related receivables (créances assimilées), titles, 
deposits (dépôts), bonds or other resources referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
It has therefore contractually entrusted its parent company Sfil with its operational management under a management 
agreement, "Convention de gestion", dated 31 January 2013 between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement 
Local as amended and/or replaced from time to time and as further described below. Caisse Française de 
Financement Local does, however, have its own Executive Board and Supervisory Board. See "Administrative, 
Management and Supervisory Bodies". 
Specific loan service agreement has also been signed with other entities that transfered assets to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and continue to handle the servicing of these assets for their national clients, including in each 
case the management, negotiation and repayment of the relevant loans. The obligations of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local under these loan service agreements rank pari passu with obligations foncières benefiting from 
the privilège. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following loan service agreements were in force: 
• 
A management agreement, "Convention de gestion", dated 31 January 2013 between Sfil and Caisse Française 
de Financement Local as amended and/or replaced from time to time, pursuant to which Sfil agreed to manage 
on behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to public sector entities in the European 
Union or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities and transferred to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and the refinancing of export credits. Sfil, in accordance with the terms of this agreement 
(which also covers loan origination, servicing and recovery, administrative and accounting management, 
internal control and compliance, information technology services, human resources, compensation for services 
and current account services), monitors and controls risks relating to credit, counterparties, market, operations, 
exchange rates, interest rates, liquidity, and settlement at the level of Caisse Française de Financement Local.  
• 
A loan service agreement, "Contrat de gestion de prêts et de titres obligataires non cotés", dated 27 September 
2002 between Dexia Crediop and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which Dexia Crediop 
agreed to manage non-listed Italian bonds and loans granted to Italian public entities or to entities guaranteed 
by these public entities on behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Dexia Crediop agreed to manage 
the relationships with the borrowers, to negotiate and manage the legal documentation, to recover the 
receivables (for loans only) and to negotiate any grace period, waivers or acceleration of the loans. 
• 
A loan service agreement, "Contrat de gestion de prêts", dated 22 September 2003 between Belfius Banque et 
Assurance (Dexia Banque Belgique) and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which Belfius 
agreed to manage loans granted by Belfius to Belgian public entities or entities guaranteed by these public 
entities and transferred to Caisse Française de Financement Local. Belfius agreed to manage relationships with 
the borrowers, to recover the receivables, to negotiate any grace period, waivers or acceleration of the loans 
and to notify any transfers of the loans to the borrowers. 
Registered covered bonds management agreement 
• 
A management agreement for registered covered bonds (RCB) dated 3 February 2015 between Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg (LBBW) and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which LBBW is 
entrusted to manage registered covered bonds.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Liquidity and Financing Arrangements 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's obligations under the following contracts, entered into between Caisse 
Française de Financement Local and Sfil, do not have the benefit of the privilège, and are therefore subordinate to 
liabilities having the benefit of the privilège: 
• 
A current account agreement, "Convention de compte courant", dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded 
between Caisse Française de Financement Local and Sfil as amended from time to time, which combines 
multiple current accounts into a single current account and allows Caisse Française de Financement Local 
and Sfil the ability to share a single current account. Caisse Française de Financement Local is able to use 
the funds available in the current account to a maximum amount of EUR 50 million, measured at the end 
of each day. 
• 
An intragroup revolving credit facility, "Crédit Long Terme", dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded 
between Caisse Française de Financement Local, as borrower, and Sfil, as lender, as amended from time to 
time, pursuant to which Sfil agreed to grant to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans to provide 
long term financing to cover long term liquidity needs, including the financing of the over-collateral. 
Hedging Arrangements 
The obligations of Caisse Française de Financement Local under these hedging agreements rank pari passu with 
obligations foncières benefiting from the privilège. 
• 
An FBF master agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 31 January 2013, as 
amended from time to time and as supplemented by an AFB collateral annex, dated 31 January 2013, as 
amended from time to time were concluded. The OTC transactions under this master agreement include interest 
rate swaps and foreign exchange swaps. 
• 
An ISDA master agreement, as supplemented by an ISDA 2016 credit support annex for variation margin 
(VM), between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 29 April 2022, as amended from time 
to time, was concluded. The OTC transactions under this master agreement include some interest rate swaps 
and foreign exchange swaps that are not included in the Cover Pool and that do not benefit from the Privilège. 
• 
ISDA and FBF master agreements were signed between Caisse Française de Financement Local and over 
twenty (20) banks. 
Loan Transfer Arrangements 
• 
A loan transfer agreement, "Convention de cession", dated 31 January 2013 between La Banque Postale, as 
transferor, and Caisse Française de Financement Local, as transferee, as amended from time to time, pursuant 
to which La Banque Postale agreed to transfer to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to 
public sector entities in France or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities. 
• 
A loan transfer agreement, "Convention de cession", dated 15 November 2022 between the CDC, as transferor, 
and Caisse Française de Financement Local, as transferee, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which 
the CDC agreed to transfer to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to public sector entities in 
France or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities. 
Agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local providing for the payment by Caisse 
Française de Financement Local of EUR 10 million per annum for 15 years to a government fund for local 
governments 
• 
An agreement signed on 14 November 2013, under which Caisse Française de Financement Local, whose 
balance sheet includes sensitive local government loans, pays €10 million per annum for 15 years to the local 
government support fund, on behalf of the Sfil group.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Tax consolidation arrangement with Sfil 
• 
An agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local, dated 13 January 2014, which allows 
Sfil to be solely liable for income tax for Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local from fiscal year 2014 
and which governs payment of the tax within the tax group and compensation for leaving the tax group linked 
to the loss of the right to carry deficits. 
Refinancing master agreements with Sfil (Convention-cadre de refinancement Sfil-CAFFIL / Crédit Export)  
• 
The Issuer and Sfil have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 29 June 2016. Such agreement sets 
out the general terms relating to any refinancing by Caisse Française de Financement Local of export loans 
acquired by Sfil from export banks in its export refinancing activity. The purpose of this master agreement is 
to govern any export loan refinancing between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local . 
• 
The Issuer and Sfil have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 22 February 2021. Such agreement 
sets out the general terms relating to any refinancing by Caisse Française de Financement Local of export 
loans acquired by Sfil from export banks and benefited from a so-called "pure and unconditional" guarantee 
(GPI).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
 
The year 2022 was characterized by a geopolitical context disrupted by the consequences of the management of the 
health crisis, particularly in China, and by the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. The macroeconomic consequences of 
these events were an increase in inflation, significant volatility on the financial markets and a significant increase in 
short- and long-term interest rates. In the face of these developments, Caisse Française de Financement Local 
continued its two missions of financing the local public sector and refinancing large export credits. Its access to the 
bond market remained very strong and the credit quality of its asset portfolios remained very good. The increase in 
interest rates had no impact on the results of Caisse Française de Financement Local, which manages its interest rate 
risk within narrow limits in accordance with its very limited risk appetite. In addition, the effects of the increase in 
inflation weighed, as for other financial institutions, on the level of general operating expenses but did not 
significantly affect the profitability of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Thus, once again in 2022, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local's economic results reflect the power of its business model and that of its parent 
company, Sfil, a public development bank. 
The Issuer's debt securities (Obligations Foncières and registered covered bonds) decreased by an amount of 
EUR 659 million between 1 January 2023 and 7 June 2023.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
12 June 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement") 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Obligations Foncières will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Obligations Foncières directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Obligations 
Foncières may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Obligations Foncières may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Obligations Foncières 
to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Obligations Foncières 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 distributed 
on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Obligations Foncières. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Obligations Foncières in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Obligations Foncières being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(ii) Non-Exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a member state of the EEA (each, a 
"Member State") except that it may make an offer of Obligations Foncières to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Obligations Foncières specify that an offer of those Obligations Foncières 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Obligations 
Foncières which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that 
any such Base Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-
Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such Base Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of the Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Obligations Foncières referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" has the meaning given to it in subparagraph (i)(b) above. 
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(i) 
Non-Exempt Offer in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Obligations Foncières to the public 
in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed 
to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Obligations Foncières, except (a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and 
(b) in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to 
such Obligations Foncières and provided that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such 
Non-Exempt Offers may be made to the public in France, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or 
(ii) 
Exempt offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Obligations Foncières to the 
public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Obligations Foncières, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the 
context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance 
with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
United Kingdom ("UK") 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify the "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Obligations Foncières.  
(ii) Public Offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify 
"Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Obligations Foncières to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Obligations Foncières referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Obligations Foncières to the public" in relation to 
any Obligation Foncière means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Obligations Foncières. 
(iii) Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Obligations Foncières having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Obligations Foncières other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Obligations Foncières would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Obligations Foncières in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Obligations Foncières in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
United States 
The Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. In addition, 
Materialised Obligations Foncières having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Obligations Foncières may not be offered or sold within the United States or, in the 
case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, offered, sold or delivered within the United States. 
The Obligations Foncières are being offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer or sell or deliver Materialised Obligations Foncières within the United 
States or to U.S. persons.  
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any identifiable Tranche 
of such Obligations Foncières within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Obligations 
Foncières outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Obligations Foncières, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States 
to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer of any of its contents to any such person within the United States is prohibited. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or 
sold any Obligations Foncières or caused such Obligations Foncières to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Obligations Foncières or cause such Obligations Foncières 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale,

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Obligations Foncières, whether directly or indirectly, to persons 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Obligations Foncières are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Obligations Foncières pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not, and is not intended and shall not be deemed or construed to constitute, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for, invest or otherwise acquire Obligations Foncières within or from the territory of 
Switzerland. The Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and related legislation. The 
Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland, in particular (without limitation) not the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd ("SIX"). Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Obligations Foncières constitutes a 
prospectus within the meaning of the FinSA or the Listing Rules of the SIX (or any other exchange or multilateral 
trading facility within the territory of Switzerland), and no such prospectus has been, or will be, prepared for or in 
connection with, or otherwise relating to, the offering of the Obligations Foncières. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Obligations Foncières has been or will be filed with, or 
approved by, any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this Base Prospectus (or any other offering or marketing 
material) will not be filed with, and the offer of the Obligations Foncières will not be supervised by, a review body 
licensed by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. Accordingly, neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material may be publicly offered, distributed or otherwise made available publicly within 
the territory of Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly,

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
offer or sell any Obligations Foncières in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which terms as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of 
the Obligations Foncières and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the 
Obligations Foncières in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended 
(the "Financial Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' 
Regulation"). Accordingly, no Obligations Foncières may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the 
public in the Republic of Italy nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Obligations Foncières be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by the Financial Services Act and CONSOB implementing regulations; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided 
under Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver, and has not distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the Republic 
of Italy the Obligations Foncières, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Obligations Foncières except in the circumstances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Obligations Foncières or 
distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Obligations Foncières in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be performed in accordance 
with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in 
particular will be made:  
(i)  by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018 as 
amended from time to time; 
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
Obligations Foncières in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Obligations Foncières in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer 
and resale of the Obligations Foncières it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. No person resident or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base 
Prospectus may rely on this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Obligations Foncières. 
Norway 
Norway has implemented the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007 no. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 No. 876, as

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
amended. Consequently, the selling restriction set out in paragraph entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors" above applies.  
Obligations Foncières denominated in Norwegian Kroner issued by non-Norwegian issuers must be registered in 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) if the Obligations Foncières are offered for sale in Norway, 
except in case of reverse solicitation. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Obligations 
Foncières, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Obligations Foncières or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Obligations Foncières may only be 
issued outside France.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET (OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED 
MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) AND/OR OFFERED TO THE 
PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE EEA OR IN THE UK 
[The Base Prospectus dated 12 June 2023 expires on 12 June 2024. The updated Base Prospectus shall be available 
for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr)]11 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the [Insurance Distribution 
Directive / Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution, as amended], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
 
11  
To be included in the case of an offer to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
12  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (b) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling restriction should be included and item 10(viii) of Part B should be specified as being 
"Applicable". 
13 
 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (b) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling restriction should be included and item 10(vii) of Part B should be specified as being 
"Applicable".

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
by ESMA on 5 February 201814, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market15] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]16 
17 [18UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]19. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
20[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 201821, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations 
Foncières is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; EITHER22 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]23 OR24 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Obligations Foncières to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
 
14  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023  
15  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
16  Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
17  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
18  Legends to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
19  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
20    Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
21  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023  
22  Include for Obligations Foncières that are not ESMA complex. 
23  The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
24  Include for certain ESMA complex Obligations Foncières such as debt instruments incorporating a structure that making it difficult to understand as referred to in item 13 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 4 February 2016, as amended from time to time. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]25. [Consider any negative target market26] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]27.]  
28 29[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER 30[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations 
Foncières are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]31] OR 32[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]33. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]3435.]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
 
25  The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
26  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
27  
If the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
28  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
29   Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
30   Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
31   This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list 
used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
32   Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
33   ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
34  If the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
35   Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or approved by the FCA, an approval of this document or a 
drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are [prescribed capital 
markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]36 
 
 
 
36 
For any Obligations Foncières to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300E6W08778I4OW85 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Obligations Foncières] 
(the "Obligations Foncières") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche] [Title of Obligations Foncières] (the "Existing Obligations Foncières")] 
 
under the 
€75,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of the original issue 
 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Obligations Foncières may only do so [(i) in those Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 2(i) of Part B below, provided such person is [an Authorised 
Offeror] in that paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and 
that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or (ii) otherwise] in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Obligations 
Foncières in any other circumstances.37 
 
37 
 Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend is included (because the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended.]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-212 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval 
number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / Prospectus Regulation].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 
8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Obligations Foncières is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus [and these Final Terms]38 [is/are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www. amf-
france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), 
which 
are 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/Additional 
2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/Additional 2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-212 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base 
prospectus dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / Prospectus 
Regulation]. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" of the Base 
Prospectus 
which 
is 
replaced 
by 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/Additional 
2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/Additional 2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions). A 
summary of the issue of the Obligations Foncières is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms]39 [is/are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www. amf-france.org) and on the website 
of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Obligations Foncières 
become fungible: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
 
38     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
39     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Obligations Foncières") as from the Issue Date of 
this Tranche.] 
3 
Specified Currency40: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières)41 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify / Issue Date / Not applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] month [CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / 
SARON / SOFR / SONIA / TEC10 or any other 
reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CPI 
Linked 
Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10 
Redemption Basis:38 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Obligations Foncières will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date [at [100] per cent. 
of their nominal amount / pursuant to Condition 
6(c) (for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as 
the case may be)]. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières)/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify 
details 
for 
convertibility 
of 
the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(d)] 
12 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Not applicable] 
 
40 
Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Obligations Foncières shall be made in Euro (according to Article 1343-3 
of the French Code civil).  
41 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for issuance of 
Obligations Foncières obtained: 
Decision of the Directoire of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
[arrear/advance]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] (Insert particulars of any initial or final 
Broken Amount(s) of interest which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
15 
Floating Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph). 
(In the event where the benchmark used to 
calculate the interest payable is discontinued, 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) provides for a methodology 
to determine the successor or alternative rate)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ 
ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / SOFR 
/ SONIA / TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] / [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
SARON]] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking Days (if 
SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] [, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention /Preceding 
Business Day Convention].] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●]TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events 
Technical Schedule published by the FBF in 
January 2020 are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of 
offered 
quotations 
for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected - otherwise, delete) 
 
 
-- [Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
 
-- Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
 
 
-- Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an oversight rate) 
 
 
-- OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated and the 
Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not applicable] ] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] / [Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)] / [[●] per cent. 
per annum]42 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
16 
Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
42 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio  
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment, 
to which item 24 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per cent. 
per annum43 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Obligation Foncière: 
 
As per the Conditions  
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount to 
 
be redeemed: 
 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount to 
 
be redeemed: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●]/ [As per the Conditions] 
18 
Final Redemption Amount of each Obligation 
Foncière: 
 
[[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/[As provided below for Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, as the case may be] 
19 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
43 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
20 
Early Redemption Amount  
  
 
Early Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Obligation 
Foncière payable on redemption for taxation reasons, if 
applicable, or illegality: 
 
[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/ [As provided below for Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, as the case may be] 
21 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i)     Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(d)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)    Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – 
ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
22 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(d)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount and accrued interest (if any) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
23 
Form of Obligations Foncières: 
[Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières/Materialised Obligations Foncières] 
(Materialised Obligations Foncières are only in 
bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer form (au porteur)/ Registered form (au 
nominatif)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Registered Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières only; except that the Issuer 
may be its own Registration Agent) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Obligations Foncières on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 days after the Issue Date subject 
to postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Obligations Foncières) 
24 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
 
[Not applicable/Give details]. (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
items 14(ii), 15(ii) and 17(iv) relate) 
 
(i) Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
such event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding business day.] [The 
immediately preceding business day]/[As per 
Condition 7(h)]/[Other44] 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Obligations Foncières) 
 
44  In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
26 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
27 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
12(b)] apply] 
28 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Obligations 
Foncières - Masse (Condition 10): 
Issue outside France: [Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration]/[The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]]. 
 
[If the Obligations Foncières are held by a sole 
holder of Obligations Foncières, insert the 
wording below: 
 
As long as the Obligations Foncières are held by 
a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, and unless 
a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such holder of Obligations Foncières 
shall exercise all the powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the 
Obligations Foncières are held by several holders 
of Obligations Foncières.]  
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions] [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market[s] [of Euronext Paris] [and] [of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] of the Obligations Foncières described herein] pursuant to the €75,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, is able 
to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]45 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Duly represented by:  
 
 
 
45 To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(If any of the following paragraphs is not applicable, delete such paragraph) 
1 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
 
 
(ii)  Admission to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) Regulated Markets or equivalent markets on which, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the same class 
of the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
 
 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
[specify relevant regulated market] / none] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Obligations Foncières to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
[specify relevant regulated market, third country 
market, SME growth market or multilateral trading 
facility]] with effect from [●].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext Paris / 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME growth 
market or multilateral trading facility]] with effect 
from [●].]  
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.)  
[The Existing Obligations Foncières are already 
admitted to trading on the regulated markets of 
[Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [specify relevant regulated market].] / 
[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
 
(v)  Additional publication of Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms: 
 
[Website of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] / 
[●] (See Condition 13 which provides that the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms of Obligations 
Foncières admitted to trading on any regulated 
market of the EEA will be published on the website 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers. Please 
provide for additional methods of publication in 
respect of an admission to trading on a regulated 
market other than on the website of the Autorité 
des marchés financiers)

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
2 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
(i)  
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / An offer of the Obligations 
Foncières may be made by Dealers [and (specify the 
name of any financial intermediary)] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in [France/ the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] (the 
"Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)") during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date] 
("Offer Period").]  
(ii) 
Expected price at which Obligations Foncières will be 
offered or method of determining the price and 
method for its disclosure: 
 
 
[●] 
(Where the expected price at which Obligations 
Foncières will be offered cannot be given, insert a 
description of the method of determining the price 
and the process for its disclosure) 
(iii) 
Conditions to which the Non-Exempt Offer is subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
Offer Period (including any possible amendments): 
 
 
[specify] 
(v) 
Description of the application process (including the 
time period during which the Non-Exempt Offer will 
be open and any possible amendments): 
 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
the application (whether in number of securities or 
aggregate amount to invest): 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up 
and delivering the Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Manner in and date on which results of the Non-
Exempt Offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(x) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xi) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(xii) 
Process for notifying to applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xiii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information 
relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information) 
(xiv) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus during the 
Offer Period: 
[Not applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(xv) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) where the Non-Exempt Offer takes 
place:  
 
[Not applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer 
to act as Authorised Offeror(s) including the legal 
entity identifier ("LEI") where the Authorised 
Offeror has legal personality / Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Prospectus"] 
(xvi) 
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Prospectus: 
[Not applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to 
those set out on pages 51 and 52 of the Base 
Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set out in the 
Base Prospectus".] 
(xvii) 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are known by the 
Issuer, of the dealers in the various countries where the 
offer takes place: 
 
 
 
[●] 
3 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] / 
[Applicable: 
The Obligations Foncières [are expected to be/have 
been] rated [AA+] by S&P [and/or] [Aaa] by Moody's 
[and/or] [AAA] by DBRS.]  
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [●] is established 
in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). [[Each of] [S&P] [and/,] [Moody's] 
[and/,] [DBRS] [and] [●] is appearing on the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Security and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), [[but the rating[s] given by [[each of] 
[]] [has been/will be] endorsed by [] in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation]/[but [each of] []] is 
certified by [] which is established in the European 
Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation and is 
appearing on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation). 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] []] may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the European Union 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Obligations Foncières of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
Euro equivalent: 
[Not applicable/€[●]] (Only applicable for Obligations 
Foncières not denominated in Euro). The aggregate 
principal amount of Obligations Foncières issued has 
been converted into Euro at the rate of [●], producing 
a sum of: [●] 
4 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater 
than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to such quarterly borrowing programme 
[and will deliver (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Obligations Foncières certifying that the value of the 
assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of 
this issue and of the issues which have been the subject of previous attestations]46 
 
46 
Only applicable if the amount of Obligations Foncières issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
5 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States of the EEA] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
6 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
Save as discussed in section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees 
payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of Obligations Foncières,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Obligations Foncières has an interest material to the offer.]/ [●] 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
7 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
 
 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes]/[The Obligations Foncières constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Obligations Foncières" and 
the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, [Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Health Loan 
Portfolio/Eligible Social Loans/Eligible Green Loans and 
Eligible Social Loans] as defined in the [Sfil Group Social 
Note 
Framework/Sfil 
Group 
Green, 
Social 
and 
Sustainability Bond Framework] [as published as of the 
Issue Date/as amended or supplemented from time to time] 
which is available on the website of the Issuer: [Include the 
direct link to the relevant Sfil Group Social Note Framework 
or Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework] 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social 
Second Party Opinion or the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion and any relevant third 
party opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained, etc…]]  
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if the 
reasons for the offer are different from financing and/or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
refinancing any new or existing eligible loans, they will need 
to be included here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●]  
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of priority 
of such "uses".) 
8 
[FIXED RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche]: 
 
[●] 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date. 
[(Only applicable for offer to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in France) [yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation 
to tax free French government bonds (obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent duration]. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
9 
[FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [CMS Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [[●]/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance.] 
[Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières will be calculated by reference to [CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] rates which is provided by 
[●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[] is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
10 
47[INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
 
47  Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Delegated Regulation") applies.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
11 DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
 
[Not applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments]  
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Indication of the material features of the agreements, 
including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.) 
(B) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable / [●] give name and address] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Manager: 
[Not applicable/ [●] give names and addresses] 
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche]/[Not applicable] 
(v) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Obligations 
Foncières are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1 applies to the Obligations 
Foncières; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors:  
[Not applicable/ Applicable] 
(If the Obligations Foncières clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Obligations Foncières do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Obligations Foncières may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified and the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
"packaged" product shall designate a "packaged retail 
investment product" which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(vii) Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Obligations Foncières clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Obligations Foncières do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Obligations Foncières may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
12 [DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER  
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
Other markets on which securities of the same 
class of the Obligations Foncières to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Obligations Foncières withheld at source in the 
country where admission to trading (other than 
in France) is sought: 
 
 
[●]] 
13 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) Depositaries: 
(iv) Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[●] 
 
[Yes/No] 
(v) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(vi) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] give name(s) and number(s)][and 
addresses])] 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) The Agents appointed in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières are: 
[●] 
(ix) Name and address of the Calculation Agent: 
[●]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
(x) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [●]  
(xi) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
(xii) Name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of their commitment: 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] (give names(s), address(es) and 
description)]  
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET AND ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A 
REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Obligations Foncières 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[48MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 201849, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market50] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
 
48  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023). 
49  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023  
50  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 51 
[52UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials") has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]53. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 54 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are [prescribed capital 
markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]55 
 
 
 
51 
Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
52  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
53  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
54    Legends to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
55 
For any Obligations Foncières to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300E6W08778I4OW85 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Obligations Foncières] 
(the "Obligations Foncières") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche] [Title of Obligations Foncières] (the "Existing Obligations Foncières")] 
under the 
€75,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of the original issue 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-212 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval 
number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 
8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 56 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the 
website of the AMF (www. amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), 
which are the [2006/2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval 
number 23-212 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [, as supplemented by the 
supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] 
the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" of the Base 
Prospectus 
which 
is 
replaced 
by 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions. The 
Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 57 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www. 
amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Obligations Foncières 
become fungible: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Obligations Foncières") as from the Issue Date 
of this Tranche.] 
3 
Specified Currency58: 
[●] 
 
56     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
57     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
58 
Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Obligations Foncières shall be made in Euro (according to Article 1343-3 
of the French Code civil).

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières)59 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date// Not applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] 
month 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONI
A/TEC10 or any other reference rate] +/- [●] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CPI 
Linked 
Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
 
[[Index/ Underlying /CPI/ HICP] Formula 
Obligations Foncières] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10 
Redemption Basis: 55 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Obligations Foncières 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at [100] 
per cent. of their nominal amount / pursuant to 
Condition 
6(c) 
(for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Obligations Foncières, as the case may be)]. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for (i) Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières 
or 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières) / Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify details for convertibility of (i) the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières in 
 
59  Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 
5(d) or (ii) the Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations 
Foncières in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5(e)] 
12 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for issuance of 
Obligations Foncières obtained: 
 
Decision of the Directoire of Caisse Française 
de Financement Local dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:]  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
[arrear/advance]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination/Not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] (Insert particulars of any 
initial or final Broken Amount(s) of interest 
which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest 
Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first 
or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
15 
Floating Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph).  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA /TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)]] / [U.S Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA) prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
détermination du Taux Variable) 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events 
Technical Schedule published by the FBF in 
January 2020 are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to 
ISDA 
Determination 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provisions by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
delete) 
 
 
-- [Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
 
-- Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
 
 
-- Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the applicable 
number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
 
-- Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an oversight rate) 
 
 
-- OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
--Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated and the 
Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not applicable] ] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)] / [[●] per 
cent. per annum]60 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
16 
Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière Provisions  
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
60 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 27 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[[●] per 
cent. per annum]61 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
17 
Index Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index1: 
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate/ 
HICP Reference Rate / zero] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity of Index1: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Index2: 
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate / 
HICP Reference Rate / zero] 
 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity of Index2: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Leverage1: 
[[●] with respect to each Interest Accrual 
Period] [The Leverage1 set out in the following 
table:] 
 
Interest Accrual Leverage1 Period: 
[●]                                               [●] 
 
61 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
(Specify relevant Leverage1 for each Interest 
Accrual Period) 
 
 
Leverage2: 
[[●] with respect to each Interest Accrual 
Period] [The Leverage2 set out in the following 
table:] 
 
Interest Accrual Leverage2 Period: 
[●]                                               [●] 
 
(Specify relevant Leverage2 for each Interest 
Accrual Period) 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(x)  
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(xi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
(xii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Index1 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA /TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)]] / [U.S Government Securities

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(xv) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Index2 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA / TEC10 (or any other 
reference rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)] / [U.S Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(xvi) 
ISDA Determination for Index1 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index1] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
-- Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) 
ISDA Determination for Index2 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index2] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
-- Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xviii) 
Inflation determination for Index1: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] / [●] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)].] 
 
(c) M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(d) M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xix) 
Inflation determination for Index2: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(d) M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xx) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum62 
 
(xxi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xxii) 
Margin(s): 
[zero] 
 
(xxiii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
18 
Underlying Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
62 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
(iv) 
Specified Time: 
[●][a.m.][p.m.] ([●] time) 
 
(v) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) 
Underlying: 
[TEC][CMS Rate] 
 
(viii) 
k: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii)  
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum63 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(xix) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
19 
CPI Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(ii) 
M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(iii) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
63 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum64 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
 
 
 
20 
HICP Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(ii) 
M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(iii) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
64 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 28 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum65 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
21 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Obligation Foncière: 
 
As per the Conditions 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] / [As per the Conditions] 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each Obligation 
Foncière: 
 
[[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/ As 
provided 
below 
for 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be] 
23 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
65 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
24 
Early Redemption Amount: 
  
 
Early redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable deleted the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Obligation 
Foncière payable on redemption for taxation reasons, if 
applicable, or illegality: 
 
[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination] / [As provided below for 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be] 
25 
Zero Coupon Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)    Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(d)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)   Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
26 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(d)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount and accrued interest (if any) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
27 
Form of Obligations Foncières: 
[Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières/Materialised Obligations Foncières] 
(Materialised Obligations Foncières are only in 
bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate]

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer form (au porteur)/ Registered form (au 
nominatif)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières only; 
except that the Issuer may be its own 
Registration Agent) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Obligations Foncières on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Obligations 
Foncières) 
28 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
 
[Not applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
item relates to the date and place of payment, 
and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which items 14(ii), 15(ii) and 17(iv) relate) 
 
(i) 
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which such event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day.] [The immediately preceding 
business day]/[As per Condition 7(h)]/[Other66] 
29 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Obligations 
Foncières) 
30 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
31 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
12(b)] apply] 
32 
Representation of holders of Obligations Foncières – 
Masse (Condition 10):  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
 
66 
In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration]/[The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [●]]. 
[If the Obligations Foncières are held by a sole 
holder of Obligations Foncières, insert the 
wording below: 
 
 
As long as the Obligations Foncières are held 
by a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such holder of 
Obligations Foncières shall exercise all the 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Masse by the the Terms and Conditions of the 
Obligations Foncières. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Obligations 
Foncières are held by several holders of 
Obligations Foncières.] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market[s] 
[of Euronext Paris] [and] [of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] of the Obligations Foncières described herein] 
pursuant to the €75,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, is able to 
ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]* 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Duly represented by:  
 
*  
To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(If any of the following paragraphs is not applicable, delete such paragraph) 
1 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
 
 
(ii)   Admission to trading: 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant regulated 
market] / none] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Obligations 
Foncières to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant regulated 
market, third country market, SME growth market or multilateral trading 
facility]] with effect from [●].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of [Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
/ [specify relevant regulated market, third country market, SME growth market 
or multilateral trading facility]] with effect from [●].] / [The Existing 
Obligations Foncières are already admitted to trading on the regulated markets 
of [Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [specify relevant 
regulated market].] / [Not applicable.] 
(iii) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Obligations Foncières to 
be admitted to trading 
are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities 
are already admitted to trading.)  
[The Existing Obligations Foncières are already admitted to trading on the 
regulated markets of [Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / 
[specify relevant regulated market].] / [Not applicable.] 
 
(iv) Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
 
[●] 
(v)     Additional publication 
of Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms: 
 
 
[Website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)] / [●] (See Condition 13 which provides that the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms of Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on 
any regulated market of the EEA will be published on the website of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers. Please provide for additional methods of 
publication in respect of an admission to trading on a regulated market other 
than on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers) 
2 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] /

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
[Applicable: 
The Obligations Foncières [are expected to be/have been] rated [AA+] by S&P 
[and/or] [Aaa] by Moody's [and/or] [AAA] by DBRS.]  
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [●] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Each of] [S&P] [and/,] [Moody's] 
[and/,] [DBRS] [and] [●] is appearing on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Security and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), [[but the rating[s] given by [[each of] 
[]] [has been/will be] endorsed by [] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]/[but [each of] []] is certified by [] which is established in the 
European Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation and is appearing on 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] []] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if it has 
previously been published by rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Obligations 
Foncières of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
Euro equivalent: 
[Not applicable/€[●]] (Only applicable for Obligations Foncières not 
denominated in Euro). The aggregate principal amount of Obligations 
Foncières issued has been converted into Euro at the rate of [●], producing a 
sum of: [●] 
3 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater 
than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to such quarterly borrowing programme 
[and will deliver (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Obligations Foncières certifying that the value of the 
assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of 
this issue and of the issues which have been the subject of previous attestations]67 
 
67 
Only applicable if the amount of Obligations Foncières issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
4 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States of the EEA] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.]  
5 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
"Save as discussed in section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees 
payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of Obligations Foncières,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Obligations Foncières has an interest material to the offer.]/[●] 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Use of proceeds: 
 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's general corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Obligations 
Foncières 
constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Obligations Foncières" and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
[Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Health Loan Portfolio/Eligible Social 
Loans/Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans] as defined in 
the [Sfil Group Social Note Framework/ Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework] [as published as of the Issue 
Date/as amended or supplemented from time to time] which is 
available on the website of the Issuer: [Include the direct link to the 
relevant Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework] 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social Second 
Party Opinion or the Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party 
Opinion and any relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained, etc…]]  
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if the reasons 
for the offer are different from financing and/or refinancing any new 
or existing eligible loans, they will need to be included here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
7 
[FIXED RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Tranche]: 
 
[●] 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in summary 
form] on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
8 
[FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières will be calculated by reference to [CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] which is provided by [●]. 
[As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[] is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
9 
68[INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
10 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers) 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Manager: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Obligations 
Foncières are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1 applies to the Obligations 
Foncières; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
68  Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Prospectus Delegated Regulation applies.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
11 [DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER 
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
Other markets on which securities of the 
same class of the Obligations Foncières to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Obligations Foncières withheld at source in 
the country where admission to trading (other 
than in France) is sought: 
 
 
[●]] 
12 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream: 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [●] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval, admission to trading, non-exempt offer and passport request  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has received approval number 23-212 on 12 June 2023.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of either the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Obligations Foncières. 
Application may be made for the Obligations Foncières during a period of twelve (12) months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Obligations Foncières on a Regulated 
Market and/or the offer to the public of Obligations Foncières pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation until 12 June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Obligations Foncières. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made for the delivery by the AMF of a certificate of approval specifying that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purpose of the Luxembourg 
act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus 
pour valeurs mobilières) which implements the Prospectus Regulation.  
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a 
certificate of approval to any competent authority of any member state (the "Member State(s)") of the EEA in 
order for Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market and/or to be offered 
to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
(2) Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with the 
updating of the Programme.  
Any drawdown of Obligations Foncières under the Programme, to the extent that such Obligations Foncières 
constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer. 
For this purpose, on 5 January 2023, the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer authorised the issue of 
obligations foncières under the Programme up to an aggregate maximum amount of €6,000,000,000 for the 
period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 and delegated the power to realise such issues to Mr. Gilles 
Gallerne, in his capacity as Président du Directoire of the Issuer, to Mrs. Herdile Guérin, in her capacity as 
Directrice Générale of the Issuer and, in the absence or unavailability of any of them, to Mr. Olivier Eudes, 
each of them having the capacity to act separately, the power to decide the issue of obligations foncières and 
to determine their final terms and conditions subject to the conditions set forth therein. 
(3) Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300E6W08778I4OW85.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
(4) Significant change in the Issuer's financial position or financial performance  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022 (being the date of its last financial period for which financial information has been 
published).  
(5) No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 (being the 
date of its last published financial statements). 
(6) Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the paragraph entitled "Legal and arbitration proceedings" of section entitled 
"Description of Caisse Française de Financement Local" set out on pages 123 and 124 of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period of twelve (12) 
months immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability.  
(7) Clearing 
Obligations Foncières will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream which are entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) Code and, as the case may be, the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) Code and/or the 
Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code or the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Obligations Foncières will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Obligations Foncières which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the Registration Agent. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L- 1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and 
the address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(8) Issuer's website 
The website of the Issuer is www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr. The information on the Issuer's website 
(and more generally on any website included in this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF, unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
(9) Material contracts 
Except as disclosed in section entitled "Material Contracts" set out on pages 145 to 147 of this Base Prospectus, 
there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which 
could result in any member of the Sfil Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the holders of Obligations Foncières in respect of the Obligations 
Foncières.  
(10) Documents available 
For so long as Obligations Foncières may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available, free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer and, except for the document referred to in 
sub-paragraph (a) below, on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr): 
(a) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement;  
(b) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer;

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and interim financial statements of 
the Issuer;  
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further base 
prospectus (in each case published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation); 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Obligations Foncières that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or admitted 
to trading on any other Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer 
in a Member State of the EEA; 
(f) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and the Final Terms 
relating to any issue of Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to 
the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation are also available on the websites of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr, for at 
least ten years as from the Issue Date of such Obligations Foncières) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
(11) Financial information 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer are audited and are published on an annual basis. The Issuer also 
produces unaudited interim financial statements. 
(12) Auditors 
KPMG S.A. (Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France) and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France) have audited and 
rendered unqualified audit opinions in their reports on the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC). 
(13) Ratings 
It is expected that the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme will be rated AA+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and AAA by DBRS Ratings 
GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS") and by 
their respective successors and/or any other rating agency. The rating (if any) of Obligations Foncières to be 
issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P, Moody's and 
DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
(14) Obligations Foncières issued by Dexia Municipal Agency 
In respect of outstanding Obligations Foncières issued in the past by Dexia Municipal Agency, separate 
applications may have been made, for such Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on the Paris, 
Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Zurich or Sydney stock exchanges.  
(15) Specific Controller 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) and his/its alternate specific controller (contrôleur spécifique 
suppléant) of Caisse Française de Financement Local are respectively: RSM represented by Mrs. Martine

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Leconte - 26, rue Cambacérès - 75008 Paris – France and Mr. Ratana Lyvong - 26, rue Cambacérès - 75008 
Paris – France. 
(16) Certification of the specific controller 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, the specific 
controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than the 
amount of liabilities benefiting from the privilège is satisfied for the Issuer's quarterly issuance programme or 
any issue of Obligations Foncières in a principal amount equal to or above €500 million or its equivalent in 
the currency of issue.  
Pursuant to Article 2, Article 3 and Article 6 of instruction no. 2022-I-23 of the French Resolution and 
Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) in relation to Obligations 
Foncières for which the Issuer has been authorized to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, the 
specific controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
(17) Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Obligations Foncières will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of 
the Obligations Foncières on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the 
yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Obligations Foncières and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(18) Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with 
respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and 
generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believe, expect, project, 
anticipate, seek, estimate or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking 
statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. 
(19) Stabilisation Manager 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Obligations 
Foncières or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Obligations Foncières at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(20) Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency of the participating Member States of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of 
Japan, references to "CHF" and "Swiss francs" are to the lawful currency of the Switzerland and references to 
"CAD" and "Canadian Dollars" are to the lawful currency of Canada. 
(21) Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières bearing floating rates of interest may be calculated by 
reference to "Benchmarks" such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 or any 
other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Benchmark"), in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) no. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Obligations Foncières bearing 
floating rates of interest will specify the relevant "Benchmark", the relevant Benchmark administrator and 
whether such Benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(22) Taxation  
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Obligations Foncières. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Obligations Foncières should be aware that payments of interest on the 
Obligations Foncières, or profits realised by a holder of Obligations Foncières upon the disposal or repayment 
thereof, may be subject to taxation or documentary charges or duties in its home jurisdiction or in other 
jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes or where the Obligations Foncières are transferred. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative 
financial obligations such as the Obligations Foncières. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax 
adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, ownership, disposal 
and redemption of the Obligations Foncières. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
112-114 avenue Emile Zola 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Herdile Guérin, Directrice Générale  
Duly authorised 
on 12 June 2023 
 
  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Obligations Foncières described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Obligations Foncières. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 June 2023 and is valid until 12 June 2024 and shall, during this period and 
in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the 
following approval number: n°23-212.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
Caisse Française de Financement Local  
112-114 avenue Emile Zola 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Arranger 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
 
Permanent Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
D-70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
Société Générale  
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta 
63, rue de Villiers 
92066 Paris-La-Défense Cedex 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex  
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France