--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. 
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of 
the Portuguese Republic) 
 
Registered Office: Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon 
Share Capital: €2,420,000,000 
 Registered with the Lisbon Commercial Registry Office under the sole commercial registration and taxpayer 
number 500 792 615 
 
 
€5,000,000,000 CONDITIONAL PASS-THROUGH COVERED BONDS 
PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “Banco Montepio”) is an authorised credit 
institution, savings bank (caixa económica bancária) under Portuguese Law, for the purposes of Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 
2006 (as amended, the “Covered Bonds Law”). The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute mortgage covered bonds 
for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Under this €5,000,000,000 conditional pass-through covered bonds programme (the “Programme”), described in this Base 
Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may from time to time issue conditional pass-through 
mortgage covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Conditional Pass-Through structure will become relevant after an Issuer Event, upon which the maturity date of the affected 
outstanding Series is extended, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund shall be applied on each Interest 
Payment Date in making the payments in the order of priority set forth in Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) of the Terms 
and Conditions, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line, and the Hedging Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool 
Monitor of the Available Funds ahead of such Interest Payment Date. 
The circumstances that may or will trigger the Pass-Through mechanism (Issuer Event) are an Insolvency Event or a Default of 
Payment Event. 
See General Description of the Covered Bonds Programme and Final Terms of the Covered Bonds for further information to be 
considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme was approved by the Issuer on 26 June 2008, as amended from time to time, following the approval of the 
amended Programme in Noteholder meetings held on 1 July 2016 and subsequent signature of the relevant updated Programme 
Documents. 
Covered Bonds will be represented in book-entry form (escriturais) with Interbolsa and in registered (nominativas) form. The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under General Description of 
the Covered Bonds Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this 
Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds. 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Covered Bonds issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Market”). Such 
approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”).This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is 
valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval and is intended to be used by the Issuer to increase the size of 
existing Covered Bonds as permitted pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the transitional regime set out in Article 
7 (4) of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new legal regime of covered bonds (the “Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds”), during the 12 months period after the date of approval of this Prospectus. The Issuer will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated 
market. The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank of Ireland to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in Portugal, the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the 
“CMVM”), with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions 
of the Prospectus Regulation, so as to enable Covered Bonds to be issued during the period of 12 months after the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon regulated market. Covered Bonds may, after notification by the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the supervision authority of the Member States of the European Union, in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to trading on the regulated market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on the stock 
exchange(s) of any other Member States of the EEA. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s and “AA-, Outlook Positive” by Fitch. 
Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is to be 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is 
rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Confirmation on whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), will be given in 
the Final Terms. Each of Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings which Moody's and/or Fitch may 
give to the Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
and/or Fitch Ratings Ltd (as applicable), which are established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Whether or not a rating in relation to any Serie of Covered Bonds will be treated 
as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time. A 
list of rating agencies registered under the EU CRA regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price 
of Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and, if admitted to trading on the regulated market, to Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation 
to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 November 2022. 
 
 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden- 
Württemberg 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit Bank 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to Banco Montepio and its subsidiaries and 
affiliates taken as a whole (the “CEMG Group” or the “Banco Montepio Group”) and the Covered Bonds 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms of the Covered Bonds. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Common Representative (as defined in “General 
Description of the Covered Bonds Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 January 2016 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”) on insurance distribution (recast), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to United Kingdom Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance/Professional investors and Eligible Counterparties only target market” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. A distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”). EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (the SFA) 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Covered Bonds, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Covered Bonds are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Covered Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and, subject to 
certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of or 
benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). If TEFRA C is 
specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, then the Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and 
on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Covered 
Bonds. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or 
contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will 
be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such 
obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, an investment in 
Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of 
the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Covered Bonds. See “Risk Factors”.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers 
or any person other than the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Covered Bonds unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in Covered Bonds is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an 
investment in Covered Bonds may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or 
with any other investment firm in the Banco Montepio Group, an investment in Covered Bonds carries 
risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Covered Bonds are expected to have 
greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, Covered 
Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  
Investments in Covered Bonds do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national 
implementing measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes 
insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in Covered Bonds in a worst-case scenario could 
lose their entire investment. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “Aa2” by 
Moody’s and “AA-, Outlook Positive” by Fitch. Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds may not be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Issuer. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Definitions”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” 
and “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time. Certain amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, the figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures that precede them, and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100 per cent. when 
aggregated. Financial information for the years ended as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
contained in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from its respective audited consolidated financial 
statements for 2020 and 2021. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written 
forward-looking statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial 
statements, in their offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements 
made by their officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about Banco Montepio’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. 
These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections and such statements reflect 
Banco Montepio’s judgement at the date of this document and are not intended to give any assurances 
as to future results. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date they are made, and Banco 
Montepio undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Banco Montepio will comply with their obligations to publish updated information as required by 
law or by any regulatory authority but assume no further obligation to publish additional information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain 
certain management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which 
are used by management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, 
reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or 
presented in accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). Accordingly, these 
APMs should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance that are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines 
introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative Performance Measures. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Arranger, the Dealers and to Euronext Dublin that if at any 
time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds, notably in light of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, whose 
inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would reasonably 
be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to 
each Dealer and Euronext Dublin such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and 
Euronext Dublin may reasonably request.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page, and you are therefore required to read this carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree 
to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you 
receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE 
NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY 
NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of the Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities, you must not be a U.S. Person (within the meaning 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and must be outside the United States. This Base Prospectus is 
being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you will be 
deemed to have represented to us that you are not a U.S. Person, that you are outside the United States, 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not 
located in the U.S., its territories and possessions, and that you consent to delivery of this Base 
Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of 
the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base 
Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the 
potential offering will be deemed to be made by such underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of Caixa 
Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the "Issuer") in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer or invitation to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy nor will there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of this Base Prospectus who intend to 
subscribe for or purchase the securities are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be 
made on the basis of the information contained in the final prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
be communicated to persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21 (1) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently the Dealers, any person who controls any of the Dealers, any director, officer, 
employee or agent of any of the Dealers or any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you 
in electronic format and the hard copy version (if any) available to you on request from any of the 
Dealers.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 13 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 60 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ..................................................................................................................................... 63 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................... 66 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ...................................................................................................................... 69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................................. 86 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ................................................................................................................... 118 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS ....................................................................... 131 
COVER POOL MONITOR ............................................................................................................................................ 132 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK ......................................................................................................................................... 134 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................... 139 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR ........................................................................................................................ 198 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................... 233 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW ....................................................................................................................................... 234 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................................. 243 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS .................................................................. 250 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 257 
DEFINITIONS .............................................................................................................................................................. 260

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
This description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any 
Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including any 
documents incorporated by reference. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Delegated Regulations, notably Article 25 (1) (b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended from time to time. 
Subject to the application of the domestic laws of each member state of the EEA in accordance with Article 
11 (2) of the Prospectus Regulation, no civil liability will attach to the persons who have responsibility for 
this overview in any such member state solely on the basis of this overview, including any translation 
thereof, unless it is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of this 
Base Prospectus. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought 
before a court in a member state of the EEA, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the member 
state where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before 
the legal proceedings are initiated. 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event, in the case of listed Covered Bonds, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
Capitalised terms used in this description and not otherwise defined below or under Definitions have the 
respective meanings given to those terms elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
DESCRIPTION: 
Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme. 
PROGRAMME SIZE: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, all calculated as 
described under General Description of the Programme) aggregate principal 
amount (or, in the case of Covered Bonds issued at a discount, their aggregate 
nominal value) of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the 
Programme, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Programme Agreement. 
ISSUER: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco 
Montepio") (see Description of the Issuer). 
ISSUER LEGAL ENTITY 
IDENTIFIER (LEI): 
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
AUDITOR: 
The Issuer’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at CMVM with the number 
20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 
number 1 – 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel 
Amado (ROC no. 1074) and Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Contas, Lda. is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors 
(Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas). PricewaterhouseCoopers & 
Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
ARRANGER: 
NatWest Markets N.V., in its capacity as Arranger acting through its office 
at Claude Debussylaan 94, Amsterdam 1082 MD, The Netherlands. 
DEALERS: 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, J.P. Morgan SE, Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale and 
UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
COMMON 
REPRESENTATIVE: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, in 
its capacity as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Agent, with head office at Rua Castilho, 
5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
PAYING AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Paying Agent, with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, and any other Paying Agent appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents. 
COVER POOL 
MONITOR: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of 
the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas”), with its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, n.º 1, 3rd, 1069-316, in Lisbon. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
RESERVE ACCOUNT 
BANK: 
Elavon Financial Services DAC, a designated activity company registered in 
Ireland with the Companies Registration Office (registered number 418442), 
with its registered office at Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, 
Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D 18 W319, acting through its UK Branch 
(registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, 
London, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global 
Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity as bank at which the Reserve 
Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 
2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual 
position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), 
acting through its office in Ireland. See Reserve Account Bank.  
ACCOUNTS BANK: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Accounts Bank, with head office at Rua

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
HEDGE 
COUNTERPARTIES: 
The parties or party (each, a “Hedge Counterparty” and together, the “Hedge 
Counterparties”) that, from time to time will enter into Hedging Contracts 
with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
RISK FACTORS: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under Risk Factors and include, inter alia, exposure to adverse changes 
in the Portuguese and in the global economy, the credit risk of borrowers and 
clients of the Issuer, the risk of increased competition in the Portuguese 
market, risks related to the legal and regulatory framework and other market 
risks to which the Issuer is or may become exposed. In addition, there are risk 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the other risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These are also 
set out in detail under Risk Factors and include, inter alia, the dynamics of the 
legal and regulatory requirements, the fact that the Covered Bonds may not 
be suitable investments for all investors, the risks related to the structure of 
a particular issue of Covered Bonds, among others. 
Where Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than the 
reference currency used by the investor, changes in currency exchange rates 
may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the Covered 
Bonds. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
PERCENTAGE: 
The Value of the Cover Pool as a percentage of the aggregate Value of 
all outstanding Covered Bonds shall equal or exceed the greater of: 
(i) 
110.0 per cent.; and; 
(ii) 
1 divided by the Asset Percentage. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is 
required to monitor, for the benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
compliance by the Issuer with the overcollateralisation percentage 
requirements. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement and on a 
non-syndicated or syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds will be issued and placed only outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). See 
Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
CURRENCIES: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Covered Bonds may be issued in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
REDENOMINATION: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds not 
denominated in euro on issue may be redenominated in euro. 
RATINGS: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated 
at least by one rating agency which has applied to be registered with ESMA 
under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating addresses the likelihood that the holders of Covered Bonds will 
receive ultimate repayment of principal and interest. 
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer or the rating of the Programme. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by any of the assigning rating 
organizations. 
European regulated investors should be aware that in general they are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency compliant with the relevant regulations in 
force in the investor’s home jurisdiction, including in the European Union and 
the United Kingdom, which require the endorsement of credit rating agencies 
registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, 
and such registration not to have been withdrawn or suspended. 
LISTING AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING: 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin for the Covered Bonds issued during the period of twelve months after 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Market. The Issuer has requested the Central Bank of Ireland 
to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of 
the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in Portugal, the 
Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the “CMVM”), with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of Prospectus Regulation, so as to enable 
Covered Bonds to be issued during the period of 12 months after the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon regulated 
market. Covered Bonds may, after notification by the Central Bank of Ireland 
to the supervision authority of the Member State(s) of the EU, in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock exchange(s) of 
any other member states of the EEA. 
Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will state 
whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or regulated market(s). 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
the United States, Japan, the EEA (including Italy) and the United Kingdom as 
set out in Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds in a particular jurisdiction, which 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
UNITED STATES 
SELLING RESTRICTION: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject 
to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds are being offered and sold only outside the United States in 
reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. See Subscription and Sale 
and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
USE OF PROCEEDS: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes. 
STATUS OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. The 
Covered Bonds will be mortgage covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law (and qualified 
as covered bonds (“obrigações cobertas”), pursuant to Article 7 (2) and Article 
7 (4) of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds) and, accordingly, will be secured on cover assets that 
comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bonds Law, and will rank pari passu with all other 
obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law. See Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool. 
TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
completing the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out in Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS: 
The clearing systems in which Interbolsa participates in order to ensure the 
clearing of the securities settled through it (together the “Clearing Systems” 
and, each, a “Clearing System”). See Form of the Covered Bonds and 
Settlement. 
FORM OF THE COVERED 
BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be in book-entry form and in 
registered (nominativas) form and thus title to such Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Decree-Law 
486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended, the “Portuguese Securities 
Code”) and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title 
will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. See Form 
of the Covered Bonds and Settlement. 
TRANSFER OF COVERED 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the provisions of 
Interbolsa and the Portuguese legislation. The transferability of the Covered

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
BONDS: 
Bonds is not restricted. 
MATURITIES: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), 
the Covered Bonds Law or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. Currently the Covered Bonds Law establishes 
that Covered Bonds may not be issued with a maturity term shorter than 2 
years or in excess of 50 years. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
ISSUE PRICE: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
INSOLVENCY EVENT: 
Issuer Insolvency. See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE: 
None. 
CROSS DEFAULT: 
None. 
GUARANTOR: 
None. 
FIXED RATE COVERED 
BONDS: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
FLOATING RATE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series); or 
• 
on the basis of a Reference Rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; or 
• 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
may be used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
ZERO COUPON 
COVERED BONDS: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
REDEMPTION: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will specify either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity, save as provided for in the Covered Bonds Law 
(other than in specified instalments, if applicable – see The Covered Bonds 
Law), or (ii) that the relevant Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the holder of Covered Bonds upon giving notice to the 
holder of Covered Bonds or the Issuer, respectively on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered Bonds may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates 
as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. See also Extended Maturity 
Date. 
EXTENDED MATURITY 
DATE: 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms for 
each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law, the Extended Maturity Date may not fall later than 50 
years after the Issue Date of such Series. 
Such Extended Maturity Date, as defined in the Final Terms of each Series of 
Covered Bonds, will apply if an Issuer Event occurs. In this case the maturity 
of the principal amount outstanding of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
programme will be automatically extended to the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. In that event, the Issuer and/or any entity managing the Cover Pool may 
redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of all or (in case 
of a default of Payment Event) the relevant Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.9 (Pass-through 
provision) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer, or if applicable the Special Administrator, shall give to the holders 
of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds), the Agent and the other Paying Agents, 
notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least five Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity 
Date. Any failure by the Issuer, or the Special Administrator, to notify such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the 
Issuer of Covered Bonds on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such 
person. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, Covered Bonds will bear 
interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date. Interest will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date following the Maturity Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date in

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
arrear or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms at the rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date 
so applies, those Covered Bonds may for the purposes of the Programme be: 
a) 
Fixed Interest Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date; 
b) 
Fixed Interest Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date, for the purposes of Condition 6.8 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds the principal amount outstanding shall be 
the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.7 (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
PASS-THROUGH 
COVERED BONDS 
Upon an Issuer Event occurring, the maturity of all outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme is deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund 
shall be applied on each Interest Payment Date in making the payments in the 
order of priority as set on Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) of the Terms 
and Conditions, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line. 
PASS-THROUGH 
REDEMPTION 
UNDERTAKINGS: 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered 
Bonds that have been extended to their Extended Maturity Date to such date, 
the Issuer and/or the Special Administrator shall use and employ its best 
efforts to sell an amount sufficient to redeem, in whole or in part, all 
outstanding Covered Bonds that have been extended to their respective 
Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth Interest Payment Date following an 
Issuer Event, the assets comprised in the Cover Pool along commercial 
acceptable terms, provided that such sale and subsequent redemption of the 
respective Covered Bonds will not result in a breach of the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage, outlined in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
overcollateralisation), on and between any Interest Payment Dates. Failure by 
the Issuer and/or any entity managing the Cover Pool to sell or refinance the 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool will not constitute an event of default. 
Moreover, provided that (if required) relevant procedures are put in place 
(including Chinese walls and appropriate disclosures) to properly manage any 
potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of information, the Issuer 
may participate as purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined above. 
The disposals of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be disclosed by 
the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular reporting on the Covered 
Bonds. 
PRIORITY OF 
Following any Covered Bonds becoming Pass-Through, the available funds shall

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
PAYMENTS: 
be applied on each payment date in the following order of priority: 
1. Expenses, Common Representative and any hedging payments; 
2. Interest due; 
3. Replenish Reserve Amount up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
4. Principal due to the extent that the Issuer or the Special Administrator will 
not breach the Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
5. Remaining amounts to be retained as part of the Cover Pool until all series 
of Covered Bonds have been repaid in full, should there be any excess cash; 
and 
6. Any remainder to the Issuer. 
COVERED BONDS WITH 
A REPURCHASE 
COMMITMENT: 
If a Repurchase Commitment is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and 
unconditionally undertake to repurchase such Series of Covered Bonds on the 
Repurchase Date at par plus accrued interest (or any other repurchase 
amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms for such Series of Covered Bonds), if so requested by 
the holders of such Series of Covered Bonds which are Qualified Investors and 
subject to such Series of Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to ten 
Business Days after the Maturity Date. Holders who are not Qualified 
Investors will not be eligible for this Repurchase Commitment. This 
undertaking does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and, accordingly, non-compliance by the Issuer with such undertaking 
will not constitute an event of default under such Terms and Conditions. See 
“Repurchase Commitment”.  
DENOMINATION OF 
THE COVERED BONDS: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with the applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements and provided that each Series will have 
Covered Bonds of one denomination only. See Certain Restrictions above. 
MINIMUM 
DENOMINATION: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in 
denomination per unit not lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency, all calculated as described under General Description of the 
Programme) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Covered 
Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, in which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
BENCHMARK  
DISCONTINUATION: 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
may be used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
RESERVE ACCOUNT: 
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the 
benefit of a Reserve Account held by the Issuer with the Reserve Account 
Bank in respect of the Programme and the Reserve Account and any balances 
standing to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
to the same legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer shall ensure that the legal requirements as required by the Covered 
Bonds Law for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover 
Pool are met at all times. The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times 
in the Reserve Account funds in an amount equal to or in excess of the Total 
Target Reserve Amount. As long as the funds in the Reserve Account equal or 
exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer will not be required to 
transfer any additional amounts to the Reserve Account. If the amounts 
standing in the Reserve Account exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the 
Issuer may, in case no Issuer Event has occurred, release the excess amounts, 
without prejudice to the obligation of compliance with the maintenance of 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage. Upon (i) the occurrence of an 
Insolvency Event, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall 
no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the 
relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and 
applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the second 
Business Day after the notification has been made towards the payment of 
interest due (if any) on the Covered Bonds that have been extended to their 
respective Extended Maturity Date; (ii) a Series not having been repaid in full 
on its Maturity Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) 
shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for 
the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and 
applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business 
Day following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event; (iii) 
interest due under a Series not having been paid in full on any Interest 
Payment Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall no 
later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the 
relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and 
applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business 
Day following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event. The 
funds available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount 
shall be monitored by the Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover 
Pool Monitor identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not 
meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next 
quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon 
procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
The Reserve Account Bank will at all times have the minimum rating 
(currently, “A-”) and comply with other requirements as required by the 
Covered Bonds Law for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the 
Cover Pool. The Reserve Account will form part of the Cover Pool associated 
with the Programme, provided that the amounts standing to the credit of such 
Reserve Account (together with the remaining Other Assets) do not at any 
time exceed 20 per cent. of the value of the mortgage loans and other eligible 
assets allocated to the Cover Pool. 
Funds held in the Reserve Account, given their nature of Cover Pool assets, 
are available to meet amounts due in relation to the Covered Bonds and shall 
not be applied towards a partial principal redemption of the Covered Bonds 
prior to their Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 6.8 (Extension of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision). See 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the 
credit of the Reserve Account will be paid to the Issuer. 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by a liquidity 
facility, through a Liquidity Facility Agreement to be agreed with a Liquidity 
Facility Provider pursuant to which the Issuer, or the Special Administrator, 
will be entitled to make liquidity drawings equal to the interest payable on 
the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Dates following the occurrence 
of a Liquidity Event up to a maximum amount equal to Total Target Reserve 
Amount. This replacement will be subject to obtaining the Hedging 
Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from 
the Rating Agencies that such replacement would not result in the reduction, 
removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit ratings 
assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating 
Agencies that it does not have any comments to said replacement; or (iii) a 
written communication by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the 
review of said replacement, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or 
(iv) within 30 days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no 
additional information or additional period to analyse have been requested, 
nor has the Issuer received any other written communication from the Rating 
Agencies. 
LIQUIDITY FACILITY 
PROVIDER: 
An eligible entity of which the short-term unsecured debt obligations are 
rated as required by the Covered Bonds Law for liquidity facility providers or 
such other rating that will not result in a reduction or qualification of the 
ratings then assigned to the Covered Bonds or is otherwise approved by these 
rating agencies for the purposes of entering into any Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, in any case in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
TAXATION OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without deduction 
for, or on account of, withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction, unless 
the Issuer shall be obliged by law to make such deduction or withholding. The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any 
such withholding or deduction imposed. See Taxation. In order for 
withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, 
deliver certain tax certifications. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
LAW: 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced into Portuguese Law a framework for the 
issuance of certain types of asset covered bonds. Asset covered bonds can 
only be issued by (i) credit institutions for the purpose of the Credit 
Institutions General Regime or (ii) by special credit institutions created 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, whose special purpose is the issue of 
covered bonds. The Covered Bonds Law establishes that issuers of mortgage 
covered bonds shall maintain a cover assets pool, comprised of mortgage 
credit assets and limited classes of other assets, over which the holders of the 
relevant covered bonds, have a statutory special creditor privilege (privilégio 
creditório especial).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The Covered Bonds Law also provides for (i) the inclusion of certain hedging 
contracts in the relevant cover pool and (ii) certain special rules that shall 
apply in the event of insolvency of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds Law and the 
Regulatory Notices further provide for (i) the public supervision and 
regulation of issuers of covered bonds, (ii) the role of a cover pool monitor in 
respect of each issuer of covered bonds and the relevant cover pool 
maintained by it, (iii) the role of the common representative of the holders of 
covered bonds, (iv) restrictions on the types and status of the assets 
comprised in a cover pool (including loan to value restrictions, weighted 
average interest receivables and weighted average maturity restrictions), and 
(v) asset/liability management between the cover pool and the covered 
bonds, See Characteristics of the Cover Pool, Insolvency of the Issuer, Cover 
Pool Monitor, Common Representative of the Holders of Covered Bonds and 
The Covered Bonds Law. 
The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer will qualify as mortgage covered 
bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) for the purposes of the Covered Bonds 
Law. The Covered Bonds will be senior obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
equally with all other Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer. In 
the event of an insolvency of the Issuer, the holders of the Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, together with the Other Preferred Creditors, will have 
recourse under the Covered Bonds Law to the Cover Pool ahead of other 
creditors (whether secured or unsecured) of the Issuer who are not preferred 
creditors under the Covered Bonds Law. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool 
- Insolvency of the Issuer. 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and transposing the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 November 2019 (the 
“CBD”), was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette (Diário da 
República). Without prejudice to some transitional provisions, this new 
regime entered into force on 1 July 2022. In accordance with the CBD, Decree-
Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, provides for permanent grandfathering with 
respect to certain requirements of the new regime for Article 52 (4) UCITS 
Directive-compliant covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an 
option for EU Member States to allow tap issues of grandfathered covered 
bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022, which Portugal has elected for 
under the new legislation), provided that such issues comply with certain 
prescribed requirements (inter alia that the maturity date is no later than 8 
July 2027). Pursuant to the transitional regime set out in Article 7 (4) of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, this Base Prospectus is intended to be used 
solely for tap issues of grandfathered Covered Bonds. Such grandfathered 
covered bonds will continue to be governed by the Covered Bonds Law in 
conjunction with certain provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
(e.g., certain provisions relating to insolvency of the issuer). The supervision 
of grandfathered covered bonds has been transferred from the Bank of 
Portugal (Banco de Portugal) to CMVM from 1 July 2022. For the purposes of 
the above referred grandfathering the CMVM has clarified that, in case of 
conditional pass-through Covered Bonds, the relevant date to be considered 
is the maturity date and not the extended maturity date (insofar as no events

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
determining an extended maturity date have occurred at the time of the 
relevant tap issue). The Decree-Law also provides that the secondary 
legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal will remain in force until the CMVM 
has issued replacement regulations. 
GOVERNING LAW: 
Except for the Hedging Contracts, which are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, English Law, unless otherwise specifically 
provided, the Covered Bonds and all other documentation relating to the 
Programme are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese Law. 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject as set out herein. An overview of the 
terms and conditions of the Programme and the Covered Bonds appears under General Description of 
the Covered Bonds Programme. The applicable terms of any Covered Bonds will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of those Covered Bonds and will be set out in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds endorsed on, or attached to, the Covered Bonds as 
completed by the Final Terms, as more fully described under Final Terms of the Covered Bonds below. 
This Base Prospectus will only be valid for admitting Covered Bonds to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
regulated market or any other regulated market until no more Covered Bonds concerned with this 
Programme are issued in a continuous or repeated manner in an aggregate nominal amount which, 
when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding on all Covered Bonds previously or 
simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €5,000,000,000 (subject to increase in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement (as defined below) or its equivalent in other currencies). For 
the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme from time to time: 
a) 
the euro equivalent of Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, described under Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which 
agreement is reached for the issue of Covered Bonds or on the preceding Business Day, in each 
case, on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified 
Currency in the Lisbon foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected 
by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, described under Final Terms of the Covered Bonds) and other 
Covered Bonds issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above 
by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in financial instruments, including securities, involves risk. Before making any investment 
decision, one must take into consideration all the information described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
particular, the risks mentioned herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should carefully read and consider all the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any 
investment decision. The Issuer believes that the factors described below identify the risks that are 
considered more relevant prior to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, based on the probability of their 
occurrence and on the expected extent of their negative impact, should they occur. Although these are the 
specific risks which are considered to be more significant and capable of affecting the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds, they may not be the only risks to which the Issuer is 
exposed, and the Issuer may be unable to make payments on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for 
other reasons or for the identified risks having materialised differently.  
The Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds 
are exhaustive. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or which the Issuer 
currently considers immaterial may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments 
on or in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
or incorporated by reference herein and make their own assessments prior to making any investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the Definitions section shall have the same meaning in this section. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that, as far as the Issuer is 
aware, it has accurately reproduced such information. The Issuer accepts responsibility to the extent that 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
Issuer calculates its market share data using official sources of information, governmental or otherwise 
(as applicable).  
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Covered Bonds. The risk 
factors have been organised into the following categories: 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária); 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business; 
- 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
- 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally; and 
- 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer 
has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category of risk is more material than any other category.  
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
Change in the legal framework of the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista (“MGAM”) into a full service savings 
bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), 
under the supervision of the Bank of Portugal. The nature of the Issuer as a full service savings bank (caixa 
económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can hold the majority of the capital or the voting 
rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and charitable institutions. This 
legal limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its capital requirements 
and a failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s condition, the 
ability to pursue its business and results of its operations.  
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM in 1844, as an affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of 
MGAM, in order to support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. MGAM is a private institution of social 
support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes are to promote and develop 
initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and other 
beneficiaries nominated by them. 
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution or instituição 
titular, as per the Savings Banks Act) of Banco Montepio with 99.99 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s share 
capital (€2,420 million as at 31 December 2021), pursuant to Article 6 (2) of the new savings banks act by 
Decree-Law 190/2015, of 10 September (“Savings Banks Act”). 
If MGAM is not in a position to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders 
in Banco Montepio’s capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its 
operations. 
Moreover, MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members’ 
savings plans (modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of 
financial and non-financial assets, including different types of securities and equity participations 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio) and real estate. Among these investments, and as at 31 
December 2021, MGAM held €201.1 million of debt securities issued and other subordinated debts issued 
by Banco Montepio, which represents approximately 1.1 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s total liabilities.  
If MGAM’s performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide 
additional share capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco 
Montepio’s ability to meet its capital requirements and the cost of its funding, which may in turn have an 
impact on its prospective financial performance and condition. 
A deterioration in investor confidence in MGAM as a result of a disposal of any shares or voting rights in 
the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Being a full service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the 
majority of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, 
charities and charitable institutions. 
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio’s shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity 
as Banco Montepio’s owner institution (instituição titular).  
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders 
as a sign of MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material 
adverse effect on investor confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Changes to the financial regime and regulation applicable to MGAM may impact its ability to provide share 
capital to the Issuer and its relationship with the Issuer 
MGAM is currently supervised (sob tutela) by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and 
Social Security in accordance with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code 
(Código das Associações Mutualistas). 
Following the amendments to the Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas), 
enacted by Decree-Law 59/2018, of 2 August, as amended by Decree-Law 37/2019, of 15 March, MGAM 
became subject to a special supervisory regime and, as a result, it is subject to certain provisions of the 
Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of the Insurance and Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico de Acesso 
e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e Resseguradora) (the “RJASR”) and the financial supervision of the 
Portuguese insurance and pension funds authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de 
Pensões) (the “ASF”). 
A 12-year transitional period for adaptation to the specific supervisory regime was initiated on 27 
November 2018, during which the relevant mutual associations (including MGAM) must take the 
necessary steps with a view to ensuring a gradual adaptation to the new regulatory framework. Only at 
the end of that transitional period, and provided that the legal requirements for that purpose are met, will 
the relevant mutual associations become fully subject to the specific financial supervision regime, subject 
to the RJASR. 
During this transitional period and without prejudice to the powers of the member of the Government 
responsible for the area of Social Security, the ASF has powers to monitor the actions and diligences 
adopted by the relevant mutual associations with a view to progressively adapting to the new regulatory 
and supervisory framework. 
Only at the end of the 12-year transitional period for the adaptation of mutual associations to the RJASR 
will the ASF have full supervisory powers. Until then, the member of Government responsible for the social 
security area will be responsible for the effective supervision of MGAM. 
The ASF is responsible for assessing whether the mutual associations covered by the transitional period 
comply with the acts necessary for the gradual adaptation of these institutions to the future regulatory 
framework, and it is up to the competent social security department to determine the application of the 
measures provided for by law in the event of non-compliance. New rules that restrict MGAM from 
providing additional share capital to the Issuer may be introduced. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict 
other rules which the authorities may introduce and the effects such rules may have on MGAM’s 
organisation and performance and, in particular, its relationship with the Issuer. 
Please refer to the section “Change in the legal framework of the Issuer” for a description of the possible 
consequences arising from the change of Banco Montepio’s legal nature into a public limited liability 
company in 2017. 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business 
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant 
of which are credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control these risks may 
result in a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, one of the measures introduced by the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer was to implement moratoria on certain contracts, including in relation to certain counterparties and 
consumers to decrease the risk of default in the short-term. This measure did not, however, entirely

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
eliminate this risk, whose magnitude is uncertain given the uncertainty around the impact and ongoing 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, Banco Montepio’s short and medium term outlook 
suggests the COVID-19 pandemic may have adverse effects of uncertain magnitude on certain core 
business areas, profitability, credit risk and reduction of its non-performing assets. 
The moratoria enacted under the special aid scheme provided to households and companies in the context 
of the COVID-19 pandemic expired on 31 December 2021, with the vast majority having already expired 
at the end of September 2021. The great majority of customers resumed debt payment service as planned 
on the date they adhered to the moratorium and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no 
increase in the credit risk or delinquencies on the portfolios that were subject to the moratoria. 
Nevertheless, there is still a high level of uncertainty as Banco Montepio cannot guarantee that prevailing 
market conditions will persist or return to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels in the future. If activity 
levels do not increase to pre-COVID-19 levels, activity and commission levels may continue to be affected 
and risks of default may increase.  
By the end of 2021, the aggregate value of the loans subject to a moratorium that had expired totalled 
€2,697 million, of which 88 per cent. were performing. 
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio had granted EBA compliant moratoria, that expired at the end 
of 2021, in relation to loans and advances to customers' portfolio in an amount of €2.7 billion, representing 
22.1 per cent. of the outstanding gross loans and advances to customers. Given the uncertainty around 
the impact of market agents' activity levels and whether or not they will recover to pre-COVID-19 levels, 
there may be an adverse effect on the business and profitability of Banco Montepio driven by the 
borrowers’ lower capacity to honour debt service, which may require reinforcement of impairments and 
the cost of credit risk might increase. 
Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial results, 
operations, profits and financial position. 
The Issuer is exposed to Credit risk 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers and counterparties, as well as to concentration risk 
in its credit exposure. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts 
due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse 
changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in 
Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could affect 
recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s provision 
for credit impairment and other related provisions, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group and on the results 
of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group’s operations. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in 
all circumstances. Deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades 
and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress 
and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's 
business and results. 
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio’s total credit risk exposure was € 17,188 million (€16,552 million 
as at 31 December 2020). Its balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) amounted to € 975 million

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
as at 31 December 2021 (€1,290 million as at 31 December 2020), representing 8.0 per cent. (10.4 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2020) of the Issuer’s gross loans and advances to customers. 
An increase in Non-Performing Loans (“NPLs”) would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality 
metrics and adversely impact the Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPLs in accordance with the 
Transformation Plan (as defined in “Description of the Issuer - Strategy”). 
The Issuer’s activity is subject to market risk 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in market interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments 
which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those 
assets. 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by Banco 
Montepio’s risk division (Direção de Risco - DRI). 
The Issuer’s net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted by market risks 
(including, but not limited to, the impact of COVID-19). It is difficult to accurately predict changes in 
economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effect that such changes could have on the Issuer’s 
financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and 
equity price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate 
margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. 
The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment and 
trading portfolios. 
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, assets and liabilities’ sensitivity to interest rate changes are 
aggregated by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest 
rate mismatch is calculated. As at 31 December 2021, the interest rate gap was € 3,836 million, compared 
to € 3,600 million as at 31 December 2020. 
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies 
through active money markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing 
exchange rate gaps are essentially due to possible mismatches between the periods of application of funds 
and of the resources. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and this may 
consequently have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of 
its business activity.  
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or 
net interest income. As at 31 December 2021, a shift in interest rates by 1.0 percentage point would have 
led to a decrease in the expected economic value of the bank portfolio of approximately € 88.2 million, 
compared with a reduction of € 55.5 million as at 31 December 2020. 
The most relevant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt. 
Please refer to the risk factor headed “Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk” for additional information.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates which may have an impact on loans’ growth and on the 
net interest income 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies 
implemented by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central 
banks' interest rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, significant 
drops in interest rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and 
continued low interest rates will make it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher 
interest rates could lead to certain borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher 
proportion of non-performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 with the Russia-
Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate 
the removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate markets 
and in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective of a sharp increase in 
interest rates has generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s 
ability to originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its 
customers. 
After almost 7 years of negative Euribor rates, on 21 July 2022 the ECB decided to raise euro interest rates 
by 50 basis points, i.e. 0.5 per cent., in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the eurozone. 
However, Euribor rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-month rate 
turned positive in April, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in June and mid-July, 
respectively. On 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to further raise euro interest 
rates by 75 basis points in each meeting, totalling a 150 basis points increase. The ECB is expected to raise 
interest rates further since inflation remains far too high. 
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in 
response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a 
result of economic or other reasons, the Issuer's interest income margins would be adversely affected, 
which may negatively affect its business, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the Issuer’s inability to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity without 
significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or from the 
sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk). 
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of high quality liquid assets, which comply with the ECB’s 
Eligibility Criteria. 
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a €4,587 million portfolio of assets 
eligible for Eurosystem monetary policy operations, of which €3,737 million were encumbered (€2,958 
million related to ECB funding and the remaining €779 million to other funding sources). The total funding 
obtained by the Issuer from the ECB amounted to € 2,902 million at the end of December 2021, 
corresponding entirely to funds raised under the TLTRO ("Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations"). 
Although the monetary policy followed by the ECB in past years has contributed to improving the liquidity 
conditions of European banks (namely (i) the interest rate reduction on the third targeted longer-term 
refinancing operations programme (“TLTRO III”); (ii) improved financing and liquidity packages; and (iii)

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
the package of collateral easing measures to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic), the ECB is now starting 
to remove the monetary stimulus given the rise in inflation. This could require the Issuer to find alternative 
funding sources, some of which may be more costly or may not be available at all, or to dispose of assets 
at a potentially significant discount in relation to their respective book values, with a corresponding 
negative impact on the Issuer’s capital position and results of operations. Additionally, any sudden change 
could also have a material effect on the financial markets and the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, including 
its public debt portfolio. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding 
sources could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
The Issuer’s development is dependent on successful implementation of its Transformation Plan 
In March 2018, the Issuer adopted a new strategy to improve the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of 
Banco Montepio's business model, and subsequently launched a Transformation Plan to analyse Banco 
Montepio's existing position and establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific 
business goals for the medium and long term. For more information, see "Business Description – Strategy". 
There may be risks and unforeseen circumstances related to the Transformation Plan that the Issuer is not 
aware of, or that were considered immaterial by the Issuer. Expected revenue and cost synergies, 
operational efficiencies, business growth and other benefits may not materialise because the assumptions 
upon which informed the Banco Montepio Group's decision to proceed with its strategy might be incorrect 
or may be materially and adversely impacted given the change to macro-economic conditions in Portugal 
as a result of widespread health crises (such as the COVID-19) or geopolitical conflicts (such as the Russia-
Ukraine war ). Any such risks and unpredictable circumstances may adversely affect the business and 
performance of the Issuer.  
The Issuer's Strategy includes targets that may not be achieved 
The Issuer’s strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
comfortable liquidity levels, defining as priorities the increase of core net operating income and capital 
management, risk management reinforcement, platform efficiency, liquidity management, human 
resources management and the governance model (the “Strategy”). 
If any of the targets set out in the Strategy are not met, the Issuer will consequently seek to take additional 
measures in order to achieve them, but there is no guarantee that it will be able to meet these targets. 
The Issuer's Strategy targets have not been set for the purpose of the offering of any Covered Bonds and 
are not, and should not be, regarded by potential investors as a forecast of future performance by Banco 
Montepio. Failure by the Issuer to implement such additional measures could have a negative impact on 
the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its assets.  
Litigation and Conduct risks  
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and 
regulatory requirements, ethical issues, and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds 
strategic investments or joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims 
and the amount of damages asserted against Banco Montepio, or subject Banco Montepio to regulatory 
enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Banco Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, in 
particular: 
(i) 
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority 
(Autoridade da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that 
Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the 
exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law 19/2012, of 8 May 2012

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco 
Montepio a fine of €13 million; and 
(ii) 
the Bank of Portugal has instituted various administrative proceedings against Banco Montepio for 
alleged breaches of regulatory requirements. The Bank of Portugal has issued summary decisions 
against Banco Montepio in some of these proceedings, whereas others are in a preliminary phase. 
Where defendants have not provided evidence to support their claims, it is difficult to assess the 
risk of a finding against Banco Montepio. The Issuer has assessed an aggregate level of potential 
fines in respect of these proceedings to be approximately €9 million. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above 
described proceedings. For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see "Description of 
the Issuer – Legal and arbitration proceedings”. Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such 
legal or regulatory proceedings or an unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely 
impact on Banco Montepio's business, reputation and operating results. 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts 
resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, 
suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may be 
related, or even public opinion in general.  
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could 
materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or 
prospects. 
 
Risks related to Banco Montepio’s International Activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. (“Finibanco Angola”) and Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. ("Banco MG 
Cabo Verde") (the latter until 30 November 2021, the date on which the process of dissolution and 
voluntary liquidation began), and through the representative offices. The Issuer believes its operation in 
Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or economic 
developments in Angola.  
In addition, the Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. These 
regulations are often complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of 
applicable regulations may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of 
licences to operate. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, business and its 
operating results. 
A downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they 
mature, are an important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer had been assigned: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of “B-” with positive 
outlook and Short Term Issuer Default Rating of “B” by Fitch; Baseline Credit Assessment of “b2” by 
Moody’s and Long Term Issuer Rating of “B” with stable outlook and Short Term Issuer Rating of “R-4” 
with stable outlook by DBRS. The ratings assigned to the Issuer by Fitch indicate that material default risk

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
is present, but a limited margin of safety remains, financial commitments are currently being met, 
however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic 
environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's indicates that the Issuer is judged to have 
speculative intrinsic, or standalone, financial strength, and is subject to high credit risk absent any 
possibility of extraordinary support from an affiliate or a government. The rating assigned to the Issuer by 
DBRS indicates that the Issuer is of speculative, non-investment grade credit quality; its capacity for the 
payment of financial obligations is uncertain; and it is vulnerable to future events. A downgrade of the 
Issuer's credit ratings, or the Issuer being placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase its cost of 
borrowing and have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial condition and results 
of operations or prospects. 
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit 
its ability to raise funding or capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings 
or the credit ratings of the Covered Bonds (if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the 
Covered Bonds. In addition, ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds (if applicable) may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in 
this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Information on the ratings assigned to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the 
preceding paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer’s rating, is available on CMVM’s website 
(www.cmvm.pt) and on the Issuer’s website (https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-
relations/ratings). 
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating 
agency methodologies relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the 
perception by ratings agencies of the Issuer's rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating 
agencies will maintain the Issuer's current ratings or outlooks or those of Portugal. 
Furthermore, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain 
meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health 
crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to 
the Issuer. A downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings would increase its costs of funding and could have a 
materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk 
The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that Portugal may fail to meet 
its fiscal targets, combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth potential of the domestic 
economy, may result in an increase in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese public debt securities in 
secondary debt markets and restrict access of the Portuguese Republic to primary debt markets. Such risk 
could be exacerbated by reduced confidence in international financial markets or be triggered by weak 
performance in the domestic economy or adverse developments in the local political environment. 
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the 
Issuer’s liquidity position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer’s pool of assets 
eligible for discount at the ECB, in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer’s capacity to increase 
its loan and asset portfolio. This could have a negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and 
operating results of the Issuer. This scenario could be further aggravated by persistent volatility in the 
financial sector and capital markets or by financial difficulties, including the possible default of one or 
more financial institutions or sovereigns, which could lead to significant liquidity problems in the market 
in general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and 
other markets. The most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to sovereign debt, namely Italian 
followed by Spanish and Portuguese, as comprised in its own securities portfolio. As at 31 December 2021, 
the exposure of the Issuer to foreign sovereign debt was €2,377.5 million, with €42.1 million in the fair 
value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €2,335.4 million in other financial 
assets at amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by foreign public entities). As at 31 December 2021, the 
exposure of the Issuer to Portuguese sovereign debt was €701.0 million, with €32.1 million in fair value 
through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €669.9 million in other financial assets at 
amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by domestic public entities). These positions could be adversely 
affected by volatility in Portuguese sovereign debt creating a risk of substantial losses. 
As at 31 December 2021, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds 
amounted to €15.9 million compared to €43.0 million as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, 
the net capital gains obtained on the sale of foreign sovereign bonds amounted to €0.9 million compared 
to €6.5 million as at 31 December 2020. There is a risk that the Issuer may not receive these capital gains 
in the future or even that losses may be recognised in the future if market appetite for Portuguese 
securities turns subdued compared to other peripheral economies. 
Concentration risk and significant exposure to the real estate market 
The Issuer has significant credit exposure to certain groups of clients. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's 
top 10 client group credit exposures represented 6.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s total credit exposure (which 
includes the Gross loans and advances to customers in the aggregate amount of €12,189 million, the 
guarantees and sureties provided in the aggregate amount of €480 million and the irrevocable credit 
facilities amounting to €694 million). 
In particular, the Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its high 
exposure to the Portuguese real estate market through mortgage loans, loans granted to construction 
companies, assets obtained in lieu of payment (disclosed as “Non-current Assets Held for Sale” and "Other 
assets" in its balance sheet), properties securing loans or related to its operations, funding of real estate 
development projects and through the exposure to real estate funds which are majority owned by the 
Issuer (disclosed in the Issuer’s balance sheet as “Investment Properties”), as well as real estate fund units 
(unidades de participação) held in its own portfolio. 
The total value of Investment Properties (propriedades de investimento) held by the Issuer as at 31 
December 2021 amounted to €102.9 million (€125.9 million as at 31 December 2020) being comprised of 
real estate properties held by various funds which are consolidated into the results of the Banco Montepio 
Group and properties held by SSAGIncentive – Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, 
S.A. 
The Issuer’s Assets received in recovery of credit (including Impairment of assets received in recovery of 
credit) amounted to €465.2 million as at 31 December 2021 (€567.4 million as at 31 December 2020) and 
included buildings and other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) 
delivery of the assets, with option to repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the 
contract or the promise to deliver the asset and the respective irrevocable power of attorney issued by 
the customer in the name of the Issuer; or (ii) the adjudication of the assets as a result of a judicial process 
of guarantees execution, accounted with the title of adjudication or following the adjudication request 
after the record of the first (payment pro solvendo). According to the Issuer’s expectation, these assets 
are expected to be sold in a period of less than one year and the Issuer has a strategy for its sale. 
Nevertheless, given prevailing market conditions, and although those assets are intended to be sold as 
soon as possible, in some situations the Issuer's expectations may not be fulfilled.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The participation units (unidades de participação) of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer’s 
variable-income securities – investment units amounted to €111.3 million as at 31 December 2021 (€252.6 
million as at 31 December 2020). 
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature 
of the Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from 
current levels. 
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events and a general 
slowdown in global economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, 
a downward adjustment in prices. In addition, events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural 
disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of 
such crises in a particular region may weaken economic conditions and could lead to a decline in the real 
estate values of the real estate properties located in the regions affected by such events. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in 
the assets held directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured 
on real estate collateral. Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and 
any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk 
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of 
assets or from a decrease in the income derived from those assets.  
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the 
management of Banco Montepio’s pension fund. In addition, the Risk Division produces monthly reports 
on the evolution of the market value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators.  
As at 31 December 2021, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements recognised in the other 
comprehensive income of the pension fund stood at €273.8 million (€301.2 million as at 31 December 
2020).  
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to 
make additional payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio’s pension fund 
constitutional documents, which, depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on 
Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects.  
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being 
determined using financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may 
change over time  
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not 
limited to, scoring models used to assess clients' (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans 
granted by the Group. Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal models and 
to adapt them to constantly changing market conditions, these models do not exclude the possibility of 
Banco Montepio incurring losses associated with factors not foreseen or contemplated in the model’s 
respective parameters or methodology. This could have an adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Deferred Tax Assets Regime 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) of €459.9 million (as at 
31 December 2020: €496.2 million), of which €61.1 million were not dependent on future profitability (as 
at 31 December 2020: €66.9 million). 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the 
DTA could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and 
results of operation or prospects. 
Pursuant to current legislation (Law 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended)), if the Issuer incurs losses on an 
individual basis, there is the risk that the Portuguese State will become a shareholder of Banco Montepio 
by virtue of the conversion of some DTA into ordinary shares. Taking into consideration that Banco 
Montepio registered a negative net income on an individual basis in 2020, following the approval of the 
annual accounts by the governing bodies and in accordance with the provisions of Law 61/2014, of 26 
August (as amended), in 2021 a partial portion of the DTAs resulting from non-deduction of expenses and 
deductions of assets value resulting from loan impairment losses and post-employment or long-term 
employee benefits was converted into tax credits, for which purpose a special reserve corresponding to 
110 per cent. of its amount was set up. 
Accordingly, in accordance with Article 8 of the annex to Law 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended), in 2021 
Banco Montepio created a special reserve in the amount of €4.8 million, corresponding to a tax credit of 
€4.3 million, which at 31 December 2021 was included in the calculation of the total current tax assets. 
These amounts may be changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs 
Authority (Autoridade Tributária e Aduaneira). 
For further information, please refer to section “Banking regulation in Portugal”. 
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, human error, changes in 
operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with which the Issuer does 
business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
The Issuer faces the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures may 
prove to be inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer’s business. The Issuer’s business is 
dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. 
Operational risk and losses can result from errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly 
or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and breaches 
of conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems such 
as those of the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties. The occurrence of any of these operational risks may 
adversely impact the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or 
prospects. 
IT and Telecommunications Systems Risk 
The Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information technology 
("IT") systems. As such, the failure of computer or telecommunications systems could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer. Given the high volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain 
errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. 
Shortcomings or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, employees or systems, including any of the 
Issuer's financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to 
the Issuer's reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, the Issuer's 
ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports 
its operations and the communities in which it does business.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centres. IT systems need regular upgrading and banks, 
including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may 
fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry operations from cyberattacks 
could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive information. A breach of 
sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant reputational impact and 
significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened, especially during the current COVID-
19 pandemic, because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and 
hackers. 
Failure of the Issuer's IT systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) obligations and 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operation or prospects.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of 
misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer  
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of 
misconduct by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third 
party service providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in 
breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal 
proceedings or reputational damage.  
The Issuer may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts 
by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit 
fraud through electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer 
(including with respect to clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions 
processed through these systems) are a growing threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to 
technology — including cyber security – change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given 
the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future attacks 
may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Issuer may as a 
result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing 
that data is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack may take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations 
and administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove 
to be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or 
may not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates, especially considering the 
entry into force on 25 May 2018 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 
the European Parliament and of the council, of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC). Thus, data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
than those authorised by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or 
employees of companies of the Issuer).  
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects.  
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework 
Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution 
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of 
resolution measures into the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime 
Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras (“RGICSF”) regulated by the Decree-Law 298/92, 
of 31 December 1992, as amended).  
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree 
Law 114-B/2014, of 4 August, and Law 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directive 
2014/49/EU, of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced including a single resolution board (“SRB”) 
and a single fund for the resolution of banks. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM 
Regulation (as defined below) and the BRRD.  
The Bank of Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its 
implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or 
regulation. Therefore, the Issuer cannot anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which 
proportion, as well as if there could be an impact on the Issuer’s results and financial position. 
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities regime (“MREL”), became effective during 
2016, and requires the issue of new senior debt with a subordination structure or strengthening of Tier 2 
capital. The implementation of the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will have implications 
on the issue of debt by bank institutions, which will lead to changes in the liability structure. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions are required to meet MREL 
requirement set by the Bank of Portugal. Banco Montepio has already been notified by the Bank of 
Portugal regarding the MREL requirements to be met which are as follows:  
a) 
MREL requirement to be met permanently by Banco Montepio from 1 January 2022 onwards, based 
on its consolidated financial position, of 5.33 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure ("LRE"); 
b) 
MREL requirement as a percentage of total risk weighted assets ("RWA") shall be met during a 
transition period ending on 1 January 2025; 
c) 
Determination of an intermediate target, that expired on 1 January 2022, in which Banco Montepio, 
based on its consolidated financial position, had to comply with a MREL requirement set at 13.67 
per cent. of RWA; 
d) 
From 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2025, Banco Montepio, based on its consolidated financial 
position, must comply with a MREL requirement that will increase on the first day of each year, 
beginning on 1 January 2022 with 13.67 per cent. until 20.77 per cent., added by the combined 
buffer requirements, to be met from 1 January 2025 onwards; and 
e) 
No minimum subordination requirement has been applied. 
The MREL requirement determined by the Bank of Portugal is based on the applicable legislation and is 
therefore subject to being updated from time to time.  
As of 1 January 2022, Banco Montepio complied with the intermediate MREL requirement set for that

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
date, both as a percentage of the RWA (with a ratio of 14.7 per cent.) and as a percentage of the LRE (with 
a ratio of 6.4 per cent.). 
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting 
its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity 
to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, 
without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the 
Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership 
of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse 
market conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply 
with the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned 
instruments, there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those 
instruments at a higher premium. These proposals and/or requirements could therefore have an adverse 
effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of Banco 
Montepio. 
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, the breach of which could 
cause damage to the Issuer  
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer’s banking activities are subject to extensive 
regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, the Bank of Portugal, the EBA, the ESMA and the CMVM, as 
well as other supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its 
activities. These regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, 
money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including 
debt instruments) issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, 
marketing and selling practices.  
Activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer limit its ability to advance 
loans to customers and may require it to issue additional capital in the future. This may affect the Issuer’s 
future activities, its results and the cost and ability to obtain funds that could be classified as own funds, 
and the repayment of the existing subordinated debt. 
Pressure to comply with activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer could 
force the Issuer to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms, thus leading to a 
materially adverse impact on its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or 
prospects. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails 
significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including 
adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure 
compliance with applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with 
all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, 
as extended to the Issuer, are applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material 
adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects.  
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the 
Issuer’s reputation, the application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in 
the financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to 
continue. Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and 
more stringent capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, 
as well as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions 
on certain types of activity or transactions. 
In addition, new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer 
participates, or cause a change in the fees or commissions that the Issuer charges on certain loans or other 
products; consequently, any changes in regulation or supervision, particularly in Portugal, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects.  
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value 
of its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and 
are outside the Issuer’s control. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. A potential further 
alignment by the Bank of Portugal to the ECB's regulations and recommendations may harden its stance 
in certain areas, such as capital requirements and acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have 
an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group’s results and financial position. Further 
changes or difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax or variations in the 
interpretation of laws, regulations and guidelines might negatively affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, 
financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the 
European Council and the European Parliament (together, the “European Authorities”), by the Bank of 
Portugal and by the ECB has had, and could further have, a significant impact on the Issuer’s capital 
structure and financial position.  
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions 
regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These 
measures may have a significant impact on the Issuer’s capital and on its respective assets and liabilities 
management.  
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a minimum 
total capital ratio of 8 per cent., in each case of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”). 
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the Issuer may limit 
its ability to advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or 
subordinated debt in the future, which are expensive sources of funding.  
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions 
The current legislation in Portugal, namely Decree-Law 3/2010, of 5 January 2010, prohibits charges for 
the provision of payment services and for operations at ATMs. The law prohibits the collection of charges 
by credit institutions for cash withdrawals, deposits or service payments at ATMs, as well as the collection 
of charges by beneficiaries of payment services for payment transactions via automatic payment 
terminals. Law 53/2020, of 26 August, extended this legislation on 26 August 2020, and came into effect 
on 1 January 2021, to impose limits on the collection of commissions by payment service providers for 
withdrawals of funds, payments of services or transfers, in or through payment applications operated by 
third parties (e.g. MBWay or PayPal), websites or in a merchant shop and for issuing virtual cards for secure

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
purchases on websites and codes for cash withdrawals at ATMs. Additionally, new legislation was 
introduced, namely Law 57/2020, of 28 August, which came into effect on 1 January 2021. This new 
legislation has introduced new rules for the protection of consumers of financial services in banking 
commissioning, housing credit and consumer credit, which prohibits imposing additional commission for 
certain activities. Law 44/2020, of 19 August, amended the basic bank account commissioning terms and 
conditions in order to offer to these current account holders low-cost access to a set of banking services 
considered essential. 
Other similar or broader initiatives may arise in the future, the content and range of which is still unknown, 
that may impose more limits to commissions charged by banks, including the Issuer, which may adversely 
affect the business and performance of the Issuer. 
Exposure to extensive and changing legislative and regulatory oversight 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
location where it operates. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Portugal, could 
materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers or the value of its assets. The 
COVID-19 or other pandemics may also result in the Portuguese Government, EU authorities and relevant 
regulatory bodies, introducing legislative and regulatory changes. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. There is a risk that changes 
in financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies might negatively affect the 
Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Borrower’s protection laws 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's 
situation; and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage 
foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) 
terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its 
credits over the borrower; or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and 
regulatory frameworks for borrower’s protection are expected to continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s 
rights with respect to its powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Basel Committee: potential impact of Basel IV and other requirements 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) published a package of 
proposed reforms for the global regulatory framework of banking industry which is frequently referred to 
as “Basel IV”. The BCBS’s aim is to make the capital framework more robust and to improve confidence in 
the system.  
The BCBS has proposed reforms which are designed to make banks more resilient and increase confidence 
in the banking system. The Basel IV proposals include updates to the ways banks calculate their capital 
requirements with the aim of making outcomes more comparable across banks globally. 
The framework will now be considered by lawmakers in national jurisdictions and at the EU level. As part 
of this process, national or EU authorities must decide on the use of a limited number of alternative 
calculations allowed under the BCBS proposal, so called “national options and discretions”.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The BCBS proposed a nine-year implementation timetable. A five-year “phase-in” period was previously 
expected to commence on 1 January 2022, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2027. In 
light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the BCBS revised the timeline with the "phase-in" period commencing on 
1 January 2025, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2030. 
There is still a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel IV implementation, and subsequently 
how and when it will be implemented in the EU. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the 
impact on the future capital requirements of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under the CRD IV, institutions may be subject to restrictions in relation to making 
“discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly as payments relating to CET1 capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a 
shortfall in meeting its capital buffer requirements or a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities. If the Issuer’s ability to make discretionary payments becomes subject to such 
restrictions, this could have an impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding. 
On 23 November 2016, the EU Commission proposed substantial changes to the CRD IV, the CRR, the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism framework (the 
“November 2016 Proposals”). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted by the Council on 14 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the EU, as follows: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”). 
Both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II foreseen transposition date was on 
or before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II applying from 28 December 2020. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements (“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures (“CRD V”) introduce a new approach for the measurement of 
counterparty credit risk, the implementation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"), a changed 
framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of trading book exposures, in addition to 
other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU’s recovery and 
resolution framework.  
The BRRD II should have been transposed into domestic laws by 28 December 2020 with certain 
requirements relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the 
transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with 
interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. This public consultation was open until 
20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and 
a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders’ experience with the Covid-19 crisis and framework 
and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other 
available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. The European Commission 
launched a general public consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity Code”) 
(Código da Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF and transpose BRRD II and CRD V, was 
proposed in 2020. The proposed Banking Activity Code aims to introduce changes and/or updates on 
matters of, among others, internal governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative 
offshore tax jurisdictions, duties of information and administrative procedures and supervisor 
enforcement. 
On 1 July 2022 a legislative proposal was presented for amendments to the RGICSF, which is currently 
being discussed in detail in Parliament and is expected to become published. This legislative proposal will 
address the late transposition of BRRD 2 and CRD V, as the Bank Activity Code works have not been 
developing (albeit the Government continues to analyse the new Bank Activity Code, since the results of 
the public consultation carried out until January 2021 were not unanimous). 
CRR II came into effect on 28 June 2021 (subject to certain applications and exemptions, such as those 
relating to the transitional arrangements for International Financial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial 
Instruments ("IFRS 9") and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments). The impact of 
changes to the IFRS, such as IFRS 9, cannot always be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in 
the fair values and impairments of financial instruments resulting from the above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition, results, operations and, if such 
changes are significant, also on its prospects. 
Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and 
more demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely 
manner. 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of the Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, S.A. 
("Novobanco"), specifically set up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by 
Decree-Law 31- A/2012, of 10 February 2012 (the “Resolution Fund”). The Resolution Fund is funded by 
contributions from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from the 
Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million 
corresponded to the Resolution Fund’s own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted 
by the Portuguese State (the “2014 Portuguese State Loan”), €700 million from a loan granted by a group 
of credit institutions that are members of the Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the “Participants’ 
Loan”). As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s share of the Participants’ Loan was €70 million. 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and 
the solvency position of each participating institution. This number varies over time and it is very difficult 
to determine the Issuer’s exact participation at any given point in time. 
In 2021, the total contribution amount to the Resolution Fund totalled €77.9 million (€72.0 million in 
2020), which represented an increase of €5.9 million compared to the previous year, of which 
approximately 6.0 per cent. (6.2 per cent. in 2020) were contributions from the Issuer. 
In relation to the contributions from the Portuguese banking sector, in accordance with the available data, 
in 2021 it amounted to €186.8 million (€177.7 million in 2020), of which approximately 5.5 per cent. (6.1 
per cent. in 2020) was paid by the Issuer).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
In 2021 the periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition amounted to €133.1 
million (€128.2 million in 2020), of which approximately 5.8 per cent. per cent. (4.8 per cent. in 2020) was 
paid by the Issuer, which included the contributions collected under the combined terms of the scheme 
transposing BRRD and the SRM Regulation from the institutions covered by the SRM. This amount was 
therefore almost entirely transferred to the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") in accordance with the 
Intergovernmental Agreement and is not included in the calculation of the funding sources of the 
Resolution Fund. Excluded from the transfer to the SRF is only the amount paid to the Resolution Fund by 
the participating institutions that do not fall within the scope of the SRM, which amounted to 6 thousand 
euros. 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
("Banif") cannot be anticipated, as there is the risk that the Resolution Fund may need further 
recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled. See "The Portuguese Banking Sector – The 
resolution measure applied to Banif" section of this Base Prospectus for further information. 
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice 
investors’ and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as 
a participant thereto. 
Requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and 
medium/long-term liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”). The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs 
under a severe stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 
the European Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to 
maintain, in their own portfolio, high quality liquid assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash 
outflows in the following 30 days.  
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with highly liquid 
assets but low profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs, since the ratios 
increase favours the long-term financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's results. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer secured by a special creditor 
privilege (privilégio creditório especial) created under the Covered Bonds Law over the Cover Pool (as 
defined in Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) maintained by the Issuer. Although primarily 
based and secured by the credits comprised in the Cover Pool, an investment in the Covered Bonds 
involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable solely in its corporate capacity 
for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of its 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. In case of insufficiency of the 
assets constituting the Cover Pool, the holders of the Covered Bonds will be treated as common creditors 
of the Issuer and will have to rely, for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds, on the sufficiency of the assets of the Issuer available to common creditors. Accordingly, the 
holders of Covered Bonds will become exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer, in case of insufficiency of 
the assets constituting the Cover Pool to meet the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. In 
addition, an investment in Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Covered 
Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or the Common Representative or any person other than the Issuer. 
The new covered bonds directive may trigger the need to make some adjustments to the Programme  
On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published a Proposal for a Directive of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the issue of covered bonds and their public supervision, amending 
Directive 2009/65/EC and Directive 2014/59/EU. In November 2019, the European Parliament and the 
Council adopted the legislative package with a new covered bonds directive and regulation. The new 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 November 2019 (the 
“CBD”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 November 
2019 were published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020.  
The CBD replaces current Article 52 (4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities (as amended, the “UCITS Directive”) and establishes a revised common base-line 
for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States 
may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, 
which entered into force on 1 July 2022, which approved the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, which amends Article 129 of the CRR, is directly applicable in the EU since 8 
July 2022. It further strengthens the criteria applicable to covered bonds that benefit from preferential 
capital treatment under the CRR regime and adds requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and 
substitution assets. However, given that certain elements of this new regime will require transposition 
through national laws, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to its precise effect on the 
Covered Bonds. There is a risk that Covered Bonds issued after the July 2022 deadline which do not comply 
with the CBD regime may not be eligible as collateral in repurchase agreements with the ECB. 
It should also be noted that the CBD provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to certain 
requirements of the new regime for Article 52 (4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds issued before 
8 July 2022 and includes an option for EU Member States to allow tap issues of grandfathered covered 
bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022, which Portugal has elected for under the new legislation), 
provided that such issues comply with certain prescribed requirements. Pursuant to the transitory regime 
set out in paragraph 4 of Article 7 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, this Base Prospectus is intended 
to be used solely for tap issues of grandfathered Covered Bonds within such prescribed requirements. 
Such grandfathered Covered Bonds will continue to be governed by the Covered Bonds Law in conjunction 
with certain provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (e.g., certain provisions relating to insolvency 
of the issuer). 
Further, in accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer 
of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, to 
convert its existing covered bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds 
programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, by submitting the application to the 
CMVM together with the adjusted programme documentation and other applicable supporting 
documents and information. If the CMVM authorises such conversion, the covered bonds issued under 
the Covered Bonds Law will become subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the terms of such 
compliant covered bonds programme. Until authorisation from the CMVM is provided, the existing 
covered bonds programme does not fulfil the legal requirements to be considered compliant with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds entails significant differences vis-à-

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
vis the Covered Bonds Law, notably on the requirements for extension of maturity (including 
documentation and information requirements and an opposition right of the CMVM).  
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, 
the differences between the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds Law and the impacts 
of a possible conversion of the Programme, if so decided by the Issuer and authorised by CMVM, into a 
covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in addition to any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Implementation of legislation relating to taxation could have a material adverse effect on Covered Bonds  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay 
taxes or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction 
where the Covered Bonds are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official 
statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax section contained in this Base 
Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these advisors are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment consideration has 
to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
The secondary market risk for Covered Bonds 
When issued, there may not exist an established trading market for Covered Bonds, and such a market 
may potentially never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or do so at prices that will provide a yield comparable to 
similar investments that benefit from a developed secondary market. This is particularly true for the case 
for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rates, currency or market risks and those that 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds would 
generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds.  
Risks relating to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) bear a variable 
interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield 
of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be payable plus 
or minus a margin. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest 
basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value 
of, such Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for 
Noteholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem the Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Extended Maturity Date may not 
fall any later than 50 (fifty) years after the Issue Date of such Series. If an Issuer Event occurs, the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will automatically be extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem at par all or 
part of the principal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. In that event also, the interest payable on the principal amount 
outstanding of those Covered Bonds will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and such 
interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis.  
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds from the 
Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the holders of Covered 
Bonds to accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose 
and no payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event, unless otherwise established 
in the Terms and Conditions (see Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) as amended by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Risks relating to all outstanding Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Insolvency Event 
in respect of the Issuer 
If an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of the Issuer, all outstanding Covered Bonds of the 
Programme will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds. If, as a result of the occurrence of such 
event triggering the pass-through condition, all covered bonds become pass-through Covered Bonds, 
there is a risk that holders of Covered Bonds of the Programme with a Maturity Date after such date 
receive principal repayments prior to the Maturity Date and therefore earlier than expected, which may 
result in a lower yield than expected on such holder of Covered Bonds’ investment. 
Risks relating to some but not all Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Issuer Default 
of Payment 
In the case of an Issuer Default of Payment Event on one Series of Covered Bonds of the Programme, such 
Covered Bonds of that Series shall be considered and will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds 
and will be due on their Extended Maturity Date, which may result in a lower yield than expected for such 
holder of Covered Bonds’ investment.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Risks relating to any termination payments due to the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of early 
termination 
If an Issuer Event has occurred and any Covered Bonds are redeemed early on an Interest Payment Date 
following that Issuer Event, then the Hedging Contracts relating to such Covered Bonds (if any) will 
terminate early (in whole or in part) on such Interest Payment Date. In the event of an early termination 
of the Hedging Contracts, a termination payment may be due from the Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer 
or from the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty. Any termination payments due to the Issuer as a result of 
any such early termination will result in greater amounts being available to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds; however, any termination payments due to the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of any 
such early termination will be paid ahead of any amounts due to the holders of such Covered Bonds and, 
accordingly, less funds will be available for distribution to those holders on such Interest Payment Date.  
Risks relating to the increase in the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any relevant 
Hedging Contract so as to account for any extension in the Maturity Date of any Covered Bonds 
If an Issuer Event has occurred, then the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any 
relevant Hedging Contract may be increased so as to account for any extension in its term and, as a 
consequence, greater amounts may become due from the Issuer to Hedge Counterparties on subsequent 
Interest Payment Dates. Payments to the Hedge Counterparties rank ahead of payments to holders and, 
accordingly, any increase in payments to the Hedge Counterparties will result in less funds being available 
for distribution to holders on subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
Mismatch risk and Market risk - distinction between standard and conditional pass-through covered bonds 
Under a pass-through structure, the mismatch risk between the maturity of the underlying assets and the 
maturity of the covered bonds is transferred to the investor, as the repayment of the covered bonds, in 
case the pass-through mechanism is triggered, will rely primarily on the collections of the Cover Pool 
(without prejudice to claim over the Issuer or its insolvency estate, as applicable, held by the holders of 
the Covered Bonds), up until the extended maturity date, as opposed to what happens prior to pass-
through being triggered, in which circumstance the Issuer is primarily bearing this mismatch risk, 
irrespective of the cover pool cashflows. At the same time, market risk may be increased, not directly due 
to the pass-through structure itself, but due to potential fire sales of the underlying assets (losses resulting 
from the fire sale of the mortgage loans at a higher discount) to realise cash, notably if the holders of the 
Covered Bonds decide to accelerate payments under the Covered Bonds, after they have become pass-
through, in accordance with the Conditions.  
Additionally, there is a risk that, particularly if all Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, 
the speed of repayment of such Pass-Through Covered Bonds will be reduced, because the available funds 
for repayment will be divided pro rata with respect to all Covered Bonds and not only those that have 
matured. In such case, it is likely that the repayment of such Covered Bonds will take longer and not at 
the moment holders of Covered Bonds anticipated to receive payments. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions in respect of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate as determined by an Independent Adviser without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
Any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate or the emergence of alternatives to such 
benchmark or screen rate as a result of these potential reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen rate 
to perform differently from in the past or to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. The potential discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its 
administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated on Covered 
Bonds referencing such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to the benchmarks or screen rates referenced by 
the Covered Bonds may adversely affect the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for 
securities referencing such benchmark or screen rate. The development of alternatives to benchmarks or 
screen rates may result in Covered Bonds referencing such benchmarks or screen rates performing 
differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives had not developed. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Covered Bonds 
referencing a benchmark or screen rate. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to Covered Bonds for which Screen Rate Determination applies. Either (i) the 
Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or (ii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, 
the Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in the 
Covered Bonds performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) 
than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms 
and Conditions and the Set of Agency Procedures as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined 
by the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to holders of the Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an 
Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to holders of the Covered Bonds. If no Adjustment Spread 
is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate will be determined or applied. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of and return on the Covered Bonds. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of the Original 
Reference Rate could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credits, other eligible assets, substitution assets and hedging 
contracts, in all cases subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory 
Notices. The Covered Bonds Law permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not 
require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change from time to time in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law - 
See “The Covered Bonds Law”. 
Other Assets/Hedging Contracts 
The Covered Bonds Law permits the inclusion in the Cover Pool of other eligible assets and hedging 
contracts subject to certain restrictions under the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices. The 
aggregate amount of other eligible assets cannot exceed 20 per cent. of the total value of the mortgage 
credits and other eligible assets comprised in the Cover Pool. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. The 
inclusion of other eligible assets and hedging contracts as mentioned above can affect the performance 
of the Cover Pool and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds, as compared 
to a situation where no such inclusion was made, or was made at different levels. 
Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate 
risk and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the 
Covered Bonds Law, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different 
currencies, in which case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus it is intended that the Hedging Contracts will hedge the interest rate exposure with respect to 
the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as the interest rate exposure with respect to 
the Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging 
contracts, or the absence of entering into of hedging contracts, where the Issuer is entitled to enter into 
the same, can impact the performance of the Cover Pool and the value of, and amounts ultimately payable 
under, the Covered Bonds, as compared to a situation where the opposite decision has been taken by the 
Issuer. 
Value of security over residential property 
The holders of Covered Bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over 
all assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered 
Bonds (See Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The security for a mortgage credit included in the Cover 
Pool consists of, among others, a mortgage over a property granted in favour of the Issuer. The value of 
this property and, accordingly, the level of recovery on the enforcement of the mortgage, may be affected 
by, among other circumstances, a decline in the value of the relevant property and no assurance can be 
given that the values of the relevant properties will not decline in the future. Changes in the value of the 
mortgaged properties securing mortgage credits that are part of the Cover Pool can impact the 
performance of the Cover Pool and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits included in the Cover Pool are and generally will be subject to amortisation of principal 
and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal by the 
relevant borrowers, whether in whole or in part. Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits may 
result in the Issuer being required to include further mortgage credits and/or substitute assets in the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with financial matching requirements under the Covered 
Bonds Law. If the Issuer is not able to properly include or substitute assets as aforesaid, this may cause 
the Issuer to not comply with the financial matching requirements under the Covered Bonds Law and can 
impact the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the 
Covered Bonds. 
The regulation and reform in relation to “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU- based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the 
Issuer) of benchmarks provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark” or index, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the rate or 
level or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. More broadly, any of 
the international or national reforms or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have any of the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or to contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks; (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner 
of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Terms and Conditions, or result 
in other consequences, in respect of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have 
the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the “benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
The Terms and Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates and include any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service), becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
otherwise occurs, as well as the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted 
(if required). If a Benchmark Event occurs, in accordance with Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement), 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in the Covered 
Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do 
if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for 
Covered Bonds linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be less liquid than 
the market for Covered Bonds linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including macroeconomic risk, liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
The impact of war in Ukraine on the Portuguese financial system 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 triggered the enforcement of economic sanctions on 
Russia globally (including the European Union, United States of America and the United Kingdom) and a 
surge in various commodity prices, which have inevitably resulted in a change in the outlook for growth in 
activity and prices in most economies, albeit to different extents. 
The scenario arising from the invasion of Ukraine has direct and indirect implications on the banking 
system. The direct effects include the impact on the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to 
these geographies or to others interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which 
will also increase operational risk. 
Banco Montepio Group's exposure to the 23 member states of the United Nations ("UN") that make up 
the Eastern Europe Regional Group, in which Russia and Ukraine are included, corresponding to loan 
portfolio exposures, is residual, totaling 0.5 million euros (0.0023 per cent. of the Group's total assets). As 
at 31 December 2021, exposure to Russia and Ukraine under the same criterion, was only €0.04 million 
and €0.002 million, respectively. 
With regards to the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an unfavourable impact 
on the Banco Montepio Group's income statement due to lower activity resulting from increased 
uncertainty and higher credit risk, with potential consequences on impairment. 
With regards to net interest income, the impact is dependent upon market expectations about the future 
of interest rates and the ECB's monetary policy decisions, in which the favourable effect of re-fixing loan 
portfolios indexed to EURIBOR rates may be countered by the negative consequences on default levels 
and, consequently, on loan impairment. At first, markets anticipated that the phasing out of the monetary 
policy incentives implemented by the ECB would be postponed in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
However, the decisions taken by ECB most recently have changed this assessment, and a less 
accommodative monetary policy is now more likely, given the impact of the military conflict on energy 
prices and, consequently, on inflation.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
In addition, exposure to the economies most impacted by the war by some systemically relevant banking 
entities may bring about some disruptions to financial stability, and there is still considerable uncertainty 
surrounding the magnitude of such exposures and interconnections with other financial entities. 
All the above factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio 
Group's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks impacting global economy and markets  
Coronaviruses (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more 
severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory 
Syndrome (SARS-CoV). COVID-19, reportedly first discovered in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, on 31 
December 2019, was a new strain that had not been previously identified in humans.  
Despite successful vaccination programmes in many countries, the risk to the global economy posed by 
further virus mutation continues. Due to the spread of Delta and other variants of COVID-19, particularly 
in China, disruptions in global trade flows, including port closures, have led to a shortage of inputs and 
goods in large parts of the world and had negatively impacted growth. 
Another wave of infections due to virus mutations could result in a more widespread health crisis. 
Additionally, the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, including 
lockdowns, have had financial consequences for corporations and individuals. These factors in 
combination may result in protracted volatility in the international markets and/or a severe and extended 
global recession because of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. 
The final implications of this pandemic are difficult to estimate at this stage, it has had, and might still 
have, significant macro-economic consequences and has had, and might still have, substantial worldwide 
negative effects. As such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial 
negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy. 
The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on global markets has been varied, increasing short-term volatility and 
leaving investors concerned over slowing economic growth in the world economy. In the short term, the 
further economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on a number of factors, including (i) virus 
mutations and emergence of new strains of the virus which impact its severity, duration and spread, (ii) 
access to and delivery of vaccination programmes at a global level, and (iii) continuing, additional or the 
re-introduction of social restrictions. 
In the medium to long-term, if the spread of COVID-19 is prolonged further or new strains of the virus 
(including strains against which current vaccinations are less effective) emerge, macroeconomic 
conditions may continue to be adversely affected, leading to further economic downturns in the markets 
in which the Issuer operates and in the global economy more broadly (and such downturns could be 
widespread, severe and lasting). The ability of the Issuer's customers and third-party providers to comply 
with their continuing obligations, including to the Issuer's, may also be materially adversely affected.  
The actions taken by governments and other relevant authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and any potential similar future outbreaks, including the imposition of quarantine, stay at home or 
mandatory business closures may reduce the ability of the Issuer and its clients to carry out their work. 
This may, either directly or indirectly, have an impact on the global economy, the Issuer, its clients, 
investors and credit markets which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects. 
The impact of the financial and credit crisis

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The capital and credit markets have experienced several periods of volatility and disruption, since 2008. 
The market dislocations have led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing 
widespread liquidation of assets and further constraining the credit markets. These asset sales, along with 
asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, have driven down prices and 
valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on 
the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on the balance sheet of Banco Montepio, and 
reduces its ability to sell assets at prices deemed acceptable.  
If current levels of market volatility worsen significantly, Banco Montepio’s ability to access the capital 
markets and obtain the necessary funding to support its business activities on acceptable terms may be 
adversely affected. Among other things, an inability to refinance assets on the balance sheet or maintain 
appropriate levels of capital to protect against deteriorations in their value could force Banco Montepio 
to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms. 
These factors could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and result, 
operations or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
United Kingdom’s Exit from the European Union 
On 23 June 2016, the UK held a referendum on the country’s membership of the EU, according to which 
the UK voters elected to leave the EU (“Brexit”). The UK formally left the EU on 31 January 2020. The 
terms of the new trade relationship were negotiated in December 2020. Since then, British and EU 
exporters have faced increased difficulties related to regulatory red tape and border disruptions. The EU-
UK agreement is also under pressure, given difficulties in executing the terms related to Northern Ireland. 
Uncertainty related to these issues could create difficulties for Portuguese exporters. The EU and the UK 
have reached a post-Brexit deal on financial services, but this has yet to be ratified. Failure to implement 
this agreement could hamper access to financial market infrastructures, the ability to perform contractual 
obligations under existing contracts and access to funding markets. 
Given the current uncertainties and the range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be given in relation 
to the possible impact of any of the matters described above. Such impact could have an adverse effect 
on the business, reputation, financial condition and result, operations or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
Economic activity in Portugal 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by 
the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic 
and international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have 
a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding implemented political 
measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its 
operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
pose additional challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the Portuguese economy. 
The uncertainty and risks associated with the world economy’s growth have increased in recent months, 
in particular, due to international trade tensions (e.g. US and China; US and EU), the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the Russia-Ukraine geopolitical conflict and rising inflation. Besides, a sharper slowdown in China’s 
economic activity (despite higher-than-estimated developments in early 2019) and the still high sensitivity 
of some emerging markets to changes in risk premia may accentuate downside risks to global economic 
activity. For more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "COVID-19 pandemic and similar 
future outbreaks impacting global economy and markets".

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
The Bank of Portugal projects that the Portuguese economy will grow by 6.7 per cent. in 2022, 2.6 per 
cent. in 2023 and 2 per cent. in 2024. The rate of change projected for 2022 is the result of the carry-over 
effect of developments in activity in the previous year, associated with the pandemic crisis recovery 
process, which continued into the beginning of 2022. GDP reached pre-pandemic levels in the first quarter 
of 2022 (Source: Economic Bulletin, Bank of Portugal, June 2022 and October 2022).  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme; (ii) the yield of Portuguese Government bonds, impacting the capital position of the Issuer; 
and (iii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on the business of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of 
banking and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, 
influenced by economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of 
borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the 
Portuguese economy and market interest rates. 
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation is still unfolding, and private and public debt levels remain 
high. It is still unclear whether the Portuguese economy will continue to recover in a sustainable way, 
particularly through an increase in public and private investment.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, and may adversely affect its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic 
conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and 
the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products 
and services that the Issuer has to offer. In particular, limited growth in customer loans is expected in the 
coming years, which may make it difficult for the Issuer to generate enough interest income to maintain 
its net interest margin. Additionally, an environment of extremely low or even negative interest rates is 
expected to continue, which limits the Issuer's ability to increase net interest margin and profitability, 
given that the majority of the Issuer's loan portfolio is composed of floating interest rate loans. 
Furthermore, the reduction in the profitability of companies and the increase in corporate and personal 
insolvencies have had, and may continue to have, a negative influence on the ability of the Issuer's clients 
to pay back loans, and, consequently, could cause an increase in the ratio of overdue loans, reflecting a 
deterioration of the Issuer’s quality of assets.  
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance 
of the Issuer.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. There is 
no obligation on the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A securities rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated independently 
of any other securities rating. Any Rating Agency may lower or withdraw its rating. In the event that the 
ratings initially assigned to the Covered Bonds are subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any 
reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement for the original 
ratings to be restored. Any such lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse 
effect on the liquidity and market price of the Covered Bonds.  
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest due 
on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and the likelihood of ultimate payment 
of principal in relation to Covered Bonds either on the Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity 
Date, as applicable. The ratings address only the credit risks associated with the transaction. However, 
other non-credit risks are not addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to investors. Due to the 
methodology of the main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by the rating of 
Portugal’s sovereign debt. If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating may also 
likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the negative economic impact which may be 
caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires, war or military 
conflicts or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in 
downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds.  
If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn or can no longer be issued or used 
for regulatory or other reasons, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by Portuguese law in effect as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any potential judicial 
decision or change to Portuguese law, including the Covered Bonds Law, the Regulatory Notices, the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, any secondary legislation thereunder or administrative practice following the 
issue date of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Holders of the Covered Bonds’ details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the 
clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of 
the Covered Bonds (the “beneficial owner”) of the information referred to in “Special Debt securities tax 
regime” below required to comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law 
193/2005. Under Decree-Law 193/2005, the obligation of collecting from the beneficiaries proof of their

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other requirements for the exemption rests 
with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the entities 
managing the international clearing systems. Details of those procedures are set out in “Taxation – Special 
Debt securities tax regime”. Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with 
applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities, 
regarding such laws and regulations, and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the 
Covered Bonds are registered by Interbolsa. Beneficiaries must comply with such procedures in order to 
receive payments under the Covered Bonds free of any withholding, if applicable. Beneficiaries must seek 
their own advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax 
treatment of their Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing 
systems assume any responsibility therefor. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. Covered Bonds may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors, who should consider the terms of the Covered Bonds 
before investing. 
Issuer’s Repurchase Commitment  
The Issuer may provide a Repurchase Commitment to purchase a Series of Covered Bonds on its 
Repurchase Date. Such Repurchase Commitment will be an unsecured obligation of the Issuer only and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, it will not be secured on the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Failure by 
the Issuer to comply with its Repurchase Commitment will not constitute an event of default under the 
Terms and Conditions of the corresponding Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment will only apply to certain Series of Covered Bonds, as per the applicable 
Final Terms, and will be given solely for the benefit of Qualified Investors (as defined below).  
Accordingly, non-qualified investors or Qualified Investors of Series of Covered Bonds that do not benefit 
from the Repurchase Commitment should be aware that they will not be entitled to request the Issuer to 
repurchase the relevant Covered Bonds and must be prepared to hold the Covered Bonds until final 
redemption thereof. 
For the purposes of this commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean any 
qualified investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws (including 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer can be lawfully made under 
circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. 
As described under the section “Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution”, under national and EU law, 
the Issuer may be subject to resolution measures. If the Issuer is subject to such measures, the impact 
thereof on repurchase commitments that benefit holders of Series of Covered Bonds cannot be 
anticipated, as the application and exact content of such measures is determined by the resolution 
authority, at the time of resolution. For instance, such repurchase commitment may remain a liability of 
the Issuer or subject to bail-in, whilst covered bond assets and liabilities are transferred to a bridge 
institution or another credit institution. 
A holder of a Floating Rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels which 
make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance and to the risk of 
uncertain interest income 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear a variable interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Covered Bond is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. Interest 
on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be payable plus or minus a margin. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term 
of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus, shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus:  
a) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first nine months of 2022 (available at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
consolidated-results-3-quarter-2022.pdf) including the unaudited information set out at the 
following pages in particular:  
9M2022 EARNINGS RELEASE 
 
Key Indicators  ................................................................................. 20 
Consolidated Income Statement ..................................................... 21 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ............................................................ 22 
b) 
the semi-annual report and unaudited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio 
as at and for the first semester 2022 ended on 30 June 2022, together with the limited review report 
thereon 
(the 
"Semi-Annual 
Report 
2022") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/institucional/informacao-
financeira/banco-montepio-first-half-report-2022.pdf), including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular:  
SEMI-ANNUAL 2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AND LIMITED REVIEW REPORT 
 
Interim Consolidated Income Statement ........................................ 111 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .......... 112-113 
Interim Consolidated Balance Sheet ............................................... 114 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................. 115 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ................... 116 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ............................ 117-283 
Limited review report on the consolidated financial statements ... 436-440 
c) 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2021") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2021.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
2021 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT 
REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ..................................................... 157 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income....................... 158-159 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ............................................................ 160 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ........................................... 161 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ................................ 162 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ............................ 163-359 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements .................................................. 
590-600 
d) 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2020") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2020.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
2020 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT 
REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ................................................... 
164 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .................... 
165-166 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .......................................................... 
167 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ......................................... 
168 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .............................. 
169 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................... 
170-363 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ................................................ 
595-607 
e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 79 to 106 of the base prospectus 
dated 14 July 2016 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-
programes/covered-
bond/20160714%20Banco%20Montepio%20CPTCB%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf; 
f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 79 to 104 of the base prospectus 
dated 27 April 2017 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
programes/covered-
bond/20170427%20Banco%20Montepio%20CPTCB%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf; 
g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 99 to 127 of the base prospectus 
dated 15 March 2019 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-
programes/covered-bond/CPTCB-programme-dated-15032019.pdf; 
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not specifically listed is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for information purposes only. Any documents 
themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
If any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds arises, the Issuer will prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
In respect of the Issuer, this Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer which, according 
to the nature of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as 
well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) 
and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements below). 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
Each of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors (which includes the Audit Committee) of the 
Issuer (see Board of Directors and Other Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer), are responsible 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and hereby declare that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omissions likely to affect its import. The Auditor has responsibility for the financial information that 
has been certified by it and that is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered with 
the CMVM with number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 
1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon has audited and certified the financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. The consolidated and non-consolidated 
financial statements for such financial years give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Issuer 
as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, as applicable, and of the results of the Issuer’s operations 
and cash flows for the years then ended (see General Information). This Base Prospectus is to be read in 
conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see 
Documents Incorporated by Reference). Any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be based on 
a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including those documents incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer further confirms that this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; the opinions and the intentions expressed in it are honestly held by it and 
based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts relating to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any statement 
herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in, 
or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the Common Representative (as defined 
under General Description of the Programme) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different,

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (as defined below) does not constitute an offer to sell or a 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than Covered Bonds or an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of any offer to buy any Covered Bonds in any circumstance in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or unlawful. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (save for 
application for approval by the Central Bank of Ireland of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds 
within or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly 
or distributed or published in any jurisdiction and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that would 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, Japan and the Republic of Italy. See 
Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers have not separately verified (i) the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation, or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or 
any other agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the 
Common Representative or the Dealers makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any 
of the information in this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Common Representative 
or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase 
the Covered Bonds.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds 
should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in (including incorporated by 
reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make its own 
determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular 
reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it 
in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
None of the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the 
attention of the Arranger, the Common Representative or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period 
of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, to 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, and to “£” or “GBP” or “pounds sterling” are to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depositary (“CSD”) which will be the 
Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários (“Interbolsa”). 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa’s 
settlement systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of 
the Arranger or any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the 
facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and 
procedures. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Covered Bonds 
held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such interests. 
Interbolsa renders the services of centralized registration of securities registered in favour of its 
participants, and facilitates the settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer 
between their respective participants. Interbolsa also provides various other financial services, including 
settlement of domestically and internationally traded securities. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market 
Arrangements). Accordingly, the Covered Bonds will only be issued outside the United States in reliance 
upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which 
allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers 
of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of 
issued securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which 
participate in Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on 
behalf of its customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number (“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing 
through LCH.Clearnet, S.A., as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under the procedures of 
Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext Dublin takes place on

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
the third Business Day after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place 
at the Bank of Portugal on the settlement date. 
Form of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (escriturais) and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code 
and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered 
Bonds held through Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds must be registered Covered Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer 
with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds held in 
the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the Interbolsa 
Participants. The expression “Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary 
entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository 
banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall 
be treated as the holder of the Covered Bonds recorded therein, and accordingly the rights and obligations 
attached thereto. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in TARGET2 
by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment 
current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of their 
participants, who act as custodian banks of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and 
all necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Interbolsa Participant must, at the request of Interbolsa, inform the Paying Agent of the bank 
accounts to which the relevant payments shall be made. Interbolsa must notify the Paying Agent of the 
amounts to be settled, which Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules 
governing the accounts of the Interbolsa Participants. 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the TARGET2 current account of the Paying Agent 
must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa. After a

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
payment has been processed, whether in full or in part, the Paying Agent must confirm that fact to 
Interbolsa. 
 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such 
Covered Bonds. No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in 
accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [•]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to (and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to) any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”), (b) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II, or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds (and beneficial 
interests therein) or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of 
Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment)

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET  
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")][UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] per cent. /Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] Covered 
Bonds due [●] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW 59/2006, OF 20 MARCH 2006 (AS AMENDED, THE “COVERED BONDS 
LAW”), AND FURTHER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS. THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED 
BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER 
UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED ON THE COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. IN LIMITED FEATURES THE COVERED BONDS LAW IS 
COMPLEMENTED BY THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS, APPROVED BY DECREE-LAW 31/2022 OF 6 
MAY 2022, WHICH PREVAILS IN CASE OF CONFLICT. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 November 
2022, [as supplemented on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”).1 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.]2  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
 
1 References to the Prospectus Regulation shall be removed when the Final Terms are used as a pricing supplement, 
in the scope of exempt offers. 
2 Include for listed Covered Bonds only.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time. The Base 
Prospectus and the supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for viewing at Caixa Económica 
Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, at 
www.bancomontepio.pt and at https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from the same 
addresses.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [14 July 2016] 
/ [27 April 2017] / [15 March 2019]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 November 2022 [as supplemented on [●]] which 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Terms 
and Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [14 July 2016] / [27 April 2017] / [15 
March 2019] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 17 November 
2022 [as supplemented on [●]]. The Base Prospectus and the supplements to the Base Prospectus are 
available for viewing at Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., Rua Castilho, 5, 
1250-066 Lisbon, at www.bancomontepio.pt and at https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be 
obtained from the same address.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible.)] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
of 
Covered Bonds: 
A. 
Series: 
[●] 
B. 
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds are 
to be admitted to trading 
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
5 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case
of fungible issues only, if applicable)]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(ii) [Net Proceeds 
[(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●]] 
6 
Specified Denominations: 
[●][any Covered Bonds, distributed to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, will 
always be issued in a denomination per unit not 
lower than 
€100,000] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
9 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[insert date] [The Extended Maturity Date should 
not fall later than 50 years after the Issue Date of 
such Series]. 
10 
Interest Basis 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[●] per cent.] / [Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[Euribor] +/- Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] [Zero Coupon] ] 
[(further particulars specified in [17/18/19] below) 
/ [Not Applicable]] 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[Euribor] +/- Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] 
(further particulars specified in [17/18/19] below) 
[Insert "Not Applicable" only if Extended Maturity 
Date does not apply] 
11 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended 
pursuant to Condition 6.8, redemption will be 
made in accordance with Condition 6.9 
12 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 17 
and 18 below and identify there [Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
13 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] / [Issuer Call] / [Not Applicable] 
[if applicable (further particulars specified in 
[20/21] below)] 
14 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional 
and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu with all other mortgage covered bonds 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer. The Covered 
Bonds will qualify as mortgage covered bonds 
for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law, 
which are secured by the Cover Pool maintained 
by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of 
the Covered Bonds Law. 
(ii) ([Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained]: 
[●] 
15 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
16 
Listing/Admission to Market 
[Euronext Dublin / Euronext Lisbon / None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs 
(i) and (ii) not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrears], or following an 
Issuer Event payable monthly in arrears

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent per annum. payable
monthly in arrears 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which an Issuer Event has 
occurred): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which an Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in each
month up to and including the Extended Maturity
Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(ii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount, except if an Issuer 
Event has occurred, in which case it shall be [[•] per 
[•] in nominal amount] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iii) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment 
Date(s) to which they relate] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and 
the Interest Payment Date(s) to which they relate] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iv) Day Count Fraction 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA), in accordance with 
Condition 4]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA), in 
accordance with Condition 4] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(v) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred): 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates in the alternative)] in each year] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in each 
month up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
18 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred): 
[•] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [The first Business Day in each 
month up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted)] 
Business Day Convention 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies, and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity
Date.] 
(v) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity
Date.] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
A. To Maturity Date: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor] 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day of on which the TARGET2 System is
open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters
EURIBOR01” ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions
accordingly) 
B. From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor] 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day of on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters 
EURIBOR01” ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions
accordingly) 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
A. To Maturity Date: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
B. From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum [State
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[Not Applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[Actual/365 Actual/365 (Fixed) Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Actual/365 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for 
alternatives) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(xii) Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions 
and 
denominator 
relating to the interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
19 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions [Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Reference Price 
[●] 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
late payment: 
[Condition 6.7 applies] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
20 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
[●]
(iv) (iv) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Terms and
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Terms and
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination/Other] (NB – It shall correspond to 
the nominal amount) 
23 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond payable on an event of 
default 
Applicable 
(each Covered Bond shall be redeemed at its 
principal amount outstanding upon the serving of 
an Acceleration Notice in accordance with 
Condition 9.1) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
24 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Book-entry (escriturais) with Interbolsa 
settlement system. 
Registered (nominativas) covered bonds 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which item 17 (iii) relates)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
26 
Details relating to Partly Paid Covered 
Bonds: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
27 
Details relating to Instalment Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s):  
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Redenomination is 
applicable, specify the terms of the 
redenomination in an Annex to the Final Terms) 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
30 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of 
relevant agreement] 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
31 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors]  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged”
products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(ii) [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged products" or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK,
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged 
products" and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)] 
(iii) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(iv) [U.S. Selling Restrictions:] 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 2/TEFRA / 
not applicable] 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Covered Bonds described herein 
pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa 
económica bancária, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ...................................................................  ................................................................... 
Duly authorized 
Duly authorized

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/ Euronext Lisbon]] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin / Euronext Lisbon] 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been 
rated [insert legal name and defined term]: 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] and/or 
 
[Fitch: [●]] and/or  
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
[(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(1060/2009) 
("CRA 
Regulation") 
or 
Regulation 
(EU) 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") disclosure)]
 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] [The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register 
can be found at (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business ” – amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●]/[see “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus] 
[(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[●]] 
[(iii) Total Expenses 
[●]] 
5. 
Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an estimation 
only and calculated with reference to the Rate of Interest that 
would be payable if the Issue Date would be an Interest 
Payment Date and on the assumption that such Rate of 
Interest (comprising the relevant rate + margin) would not 
change in the future. Investors should be aware that the Rate 
of Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will be 
subject to variation of the relevant Reference Rate. The index 
used to calculate the yield was [●]] 
6. 
Operational Information 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[Not Applicable/Not Available/[●]] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable/Not Available/[●]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7. 
Repurchase Commitment 
(i) 
Applicability of the Repurchase 
Commitment: 
[Yes] [No] 
(ii) 
Repurchase Amount: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] 
 
[Other]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated 
by reference to each Covered Bond. Reference should be made to “Final Terms of the Covered Bonds‟ for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS (“OBRIGAÇÕES HIPOTECÁRIAS”) ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW (AS 
DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS) IS A SAVINGS BANK (CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA) WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE 
ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS LAW ARE SECURED ON THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER 
POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS 
LAW. IN LIMITED FEATURES THE COVERED BONDS LAW IS COMPLEMENTED BY THE LEGAL REGIME OF 
COVERED BONDS, APPROVED BY DECREE-LAW 31/2022 OF 6 MAY 2022, WHICH PREVAILS IN CASE OF 
CONFLICT. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered bonds issued by Caixa 
Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer”) in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the Agency and Payments Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency. 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
and Payments Procedures”) dated 27 April 2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the 
Issuer. 
Any reference to “Holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity registered as such in the 
relevant securities’ account. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest 
rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (such Paying Agents referred to as the “Agents”). 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Agents and at Euronext Dublin’s website – https://live.euronext.com/ - save that, if these 
Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or 
more unlisted Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The Holders of Covered Bonds are

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments 
Procedures and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms 
and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and 
Payments Procedures. Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions; 
b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the 
date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that 
date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency and 
Payments Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Holders 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain available for 
payment against presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; 
d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in registered form (nominativas). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (escriturais) in Interbolsa’s systems and title to the Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of 
title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa 
Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the Covered Bonds 
recorded therein as well as its attached obligations and liabilities. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Terms applicable to other types and structures of Covered Bonds, that the Issuer and any Dealer(s) may 
agree to issue under the Programme, will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, and those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date 
and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity 
Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Covered Bond may also be an Instalment Covered Bond depending 
upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the relevant Extended Maturity Date will apply (under a Default of Payment Event) if 
the Issuer fails to pay any applicable instalment, irrespectively of such failure applying on the Covered

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Bond’s Maturity Date or on a prior Interest Payment Date. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in denomination per unit not 
lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless 
the Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in 
which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese Law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond, in 
accordance with Portuguese Law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa, which requires that 
the transfers are prima facie made via the global accounts held by the participants in such system. 
Covered Bonds may be held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as long as these entities become 
indirect participants in Interbolsa. In such scenario, indirect holders of the Covered Bond will be able to 
transfer such interest in accordance with the applicable procedures set forth in Portuguese Law and the 
Interbolsa’s regulations (as applicable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream as indirect participants of this 
system) and the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
secured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Covered Bonds are mortgage covered securities issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, which 
are secured by the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bonds Law, and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered securities 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as 
provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension 
of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrears on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2.(ii) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last 
day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period, or (B) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-condition 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations,(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
 
The Agency and Payments Procedures contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in 
the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is greater than such Maximum

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the minimum rate of interest due under the relevant Covered Bonds shall be zero. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (and the Special Administrator, 
when appointed) and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant competent listing authority or quotation 
system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or 
traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly 
notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(F) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, whether by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer (and the Special Administrator, when appointed), the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all Holders of Covered Bonds and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the Holders 
of Covered Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease 
to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that 
part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
(i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) five days 
after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered Bonds 
shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the 
Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest shall be 
payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrears on the Interest Payment Date in each 
month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(B) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where 
applicable, determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such 
Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date. In case such Covered Bonds are extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date 
and such extension takes place after their respective Maturity Date, then, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of 
the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), the principal amount outstanding shall be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date; in case such extension occurs before such 
Maturity Date, then the principal amount outstanding shall be the Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds). Furthermore, upon such 
an extension to their respective Extended Maturity Date, interest will be due on the relevant principal 
amount outstanding (as it may be reduced by reimbursements from time to time) at the interest rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms until those Covered Bonds are fully redeemed. 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the 
Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its own 
expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is 
otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date”), (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of 
determining each relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment 
Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as 
well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may determine (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance 
with this Condition 4.5. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined by 
an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (D) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to further 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5); 
(D) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for each determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply as described in paragraph (C) above without 
an Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions 
and/or the Set of Agency Procedures in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, 
(A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, 
time at which the Relevant Screen Page is observed and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the 
method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Covered Bonds (such amendments, together, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such 
consequential amendments to the Set of Agency Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.5. No consent shall be required from the 
holders of the Covered Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or any Benchmark Amendments, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if 
required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice thereof to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and the Agent (if different from 
the Issuer). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the specific terms of any other 
Benchmark Amendments, and their effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the holders of the Covered 
Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any determination made by the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this Condition 4.5; and 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the purpose of determining the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date (i) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5, and (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, but 
the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and has not been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(H) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) 
is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by the payee 
with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 (Payments), 
means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction) or by cheque drawn on a US bank. In no 
event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments 
of interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by United 
States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may only be made 
in euro or in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Covered Bonds will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in TARGET2 
by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment 
current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; or 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
in relation to Covered Bonds redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
5.5 
Reserve Account  
(i) 
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the benefit of a Reserve 
Account held by the Issuer with the Reserve Account Bank in respect of the Programme and the 
Reserve Account and any balances standing to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool 
and be subject to the same legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The 
Issuer shall ensure that the legal requirements as required by the Covered Bonds Law for the 
Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover Pool are met at all times. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times in the Reserve Account funds in an amount equal 
to or in excess of Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and interest on the Covered Bonds (i.e. items

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(i) and (ii) of the payments priority provided for in Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision)), due and 
payable in the following 3 (three) months, including Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and 
interest due assuming that, for each Covered Bond series, either (a) it is already pass-through if 
there are no scheduled payments in the next 3 (three) months, or (b) otherwise it becomes pass-
through immediately after its next scheduled interest payment (“Total Target Reserve Amount”). 
The Total Target Reserve Amount shall be available on any Interest Payment Date towards the 
payment of interest due on the Covered Bonds that have been extended to their Extended Maturity 
Date to the extent that there are otherwise insufficient available funds or towards the payment of 
principal due on the Covered Bonds if all Series of Covered Bonds can be fully redeemed on such 
payment date if the Reserve Account funds are made available. As long as the funds in the Reserve 
Account equal or exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer will not be required to 
transfer any additional amounts to the Reserve Account. If the amounts standing in the Reserve 
Account exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer may, in case no Issuer Event has 
occurred, release the excess amounts, without prejudice to the obligation of compliance with the 
maintenance of the Overcollateralisation Percentage. Upon (i) the occurrence of an Insolvency 
Event, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business 
Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be 
made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the second 
Business Day after the notification has been made towards the payment of interest due (if any) on 
the Covered Bonds that have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date; (ii) a Series 
not having been repaid in full on its Maturity Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if 
applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the 
relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to 
Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day following the occurrence of the related 
Default of Payment Event; (iii) interest due under a Series not having been paid in full on any 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall no later than the 
next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve 
Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on 
the Business Day following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event. 
(iii) 
The funds available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount shall be monitored 
by the Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor identifies that the funds 
available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that 
fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon 
procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
(iv) 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the credit of the Reserve 
Account will be paid to the Issuer. 
(v) 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by a liquidity facility, through a 
Liquidity Facility Agreement to be agreed with a Liquidity Facility Provider pursuant to which the 
Issuer, or the Special Administrator, will be entitled to make liquidity drawings equal to the interest 
payable on the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Dates following the occurrence of a 
Liquidity Event up to a maximum amount equal to Total Target Reserve Amount. This replacement 
will be subject to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such replacement would not result in the reduction, 
removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such 
Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies that it does not have any 
comments to said replacement; or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies that, having 
concluded the review of said replacement, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) 
within 30 days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
additional period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written 
communication from the Rating Agencies. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days’ 
notice to the Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the 
Holders of Covered Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the 
nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds will be redeemed proportionally. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the exercise and/or settlement of any such call option right is subject to no Issuer Event (other 
than a Default of Payment Event not affecting the relevant Series) having occurred prior to such exercise 
or settlement, and in case such event has occurred prior to the settlement date that exercise shall be of 
no effect. For the purpose of verifying the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds, failure by the Issuer to repay principal on the relevant Issuer Call Option 
settlement date will be regarded as a failure to pay on the respective Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, 
no principal may be repaid following the redemption resulting from the exercise of the Issuer Call Option 
established in this Condition until Series governed by Conditions 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) have been 
fully redeemed. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 
(sixty) days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. To exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this 
Covered Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition. Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right to require redemption will be exercised directly 
against the Issuer, through the relevant Paying Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise and 
settlement of any Investor Put Option is subject to no Issuer Event (other than a Default of Payment Event

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
not affecting the relevant Series) having occurred prior to such exercise or settlement, and in case such 
event has occurred prior to the settlement date that exercise shall be of no effect. For the purpose of 
verifying the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
failure by the Issuer to repay principal on the relevant Investor Put Option settlement date will be 
regarded as a failure to pay on the respective Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, no principal may be 
repaid following the redemption resulting from the exercise of the Put Option established in this 
Condition, until Series governed by Conditions 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) have been fully redeemed. 
6.4 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates, 
provided that a failure by the Issuer to pay an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date other than the 
Maturity Date will be regarded as a failure to pay on the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of 
verifying a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Instalment Covered Bonds, 
thereby having as its consequence the application of Condition 6.8 (Extended of Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date) to the entire relevant Series and to all future Instalments Amounts due under 
such Series. 
6.5 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.6 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and 
any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Purchases) 
above shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.7 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.8 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond pursuant to Conditions 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) or 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount 
calculated according to the following formula: 
 
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually. 
The same formula above will apply following the occurrence of an Issuer Event affecting the relevant Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds, to calculate the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond, provided that for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount, the relevant 
date shall be the Maturity Date. 
6.8 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each 
Series of Covered Bonds, provided that the Extended Maturity Date may not fall later than 50 (fifty) years 
after the Issue Date of such Series. 
(B) 
Such Extended Maturity Date, defined in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of 
Covered Bonds, will apply if any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event”) takes place: 
(i) 
Insolvency Event, in result of which all Series (which would otherwise be due on their respective 
Maturity Date) become due on their respective Extended Maturity Date, without prejudice to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement); and 
(ii) 
Default of Payment Event, in result of which the Series where such default in payment occurred 
become due on its respective Extended Maturity Date. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the above Issuer Events, the Issuer shall forthwith notify the Common 
Representative and the Programme Account shall be set up by the Issuer (or the Special Administrator), 
as soon as reasonably practicable, within 30 (thirty) calendar days of that event. Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, the Common Representative shall be notified in case of an Issuer Event occurring as a result of 
a Default of Payment Event, by the Agent upon so becoming aware. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, once the Programme Account has been set up, all cash proceeds 
arising under, or otherwise existing in, the Cover Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, by the 
Issuer (or the Special Administrator) to the Programme Account. For the sake of clarity, in case the 
relevant Issuer Event was a Default of Payment Event, then, when all the Covered Bonds which have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date thereunder have been fully reimbursed and no other 
Issuer Event has taken place, this proceeds transfer obligation will no longer apply and any balance then 
existing in the Programme Account shall be released to the Issuer. 
Upon an Insolvency Event, the Issuer (or the Special Administrator) shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, within 45 (forty-five) calendar days of that event notify the borrowers under any Mortgage 
Credits to make any due payments directly into the Programme Account. 
(C) 
After an Issuer Event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding 
of all or (in case of a Default of Payment Event) the relevant Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date 
falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, in 
accordance with Condition 6.9 (Pass-through provision) below. The Issuer, or if applicable the Special 
Administrator, shall give to the Holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the 
Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 5 (five) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer, or the Special 
Administrator, to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption of 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date 
or give rise to rights in any such person.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(D) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) the principal amount outstanding shall be the amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6.7 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds). 
(E) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under 
this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of 
default for any purpose or give any holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(F) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on 
the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date 
shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest 
Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up 
to the Extended Maturity Date). 
(G) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be 
applied rateably across the Covered Bonds that were extended to the Extended Maturity Date and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(H) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of those 
Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further mortgage covered bonds. 
6.9 
Pass-through Provision 
Upon an Issuer Event occurring, any Available Funds shall be applied on each Interest Payment Date in 
making the following payments in the following order of priority, on a pro rata basis in the same priority 
line, and the Hedging Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool Monitor of the Available Funds 
ahead of such Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
Expenses and Owed Hedging Payments due on such date; 
(ii) 
Amounts of Interest due on such date; 
(iii) 
Replenishment of the Reserve Account up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
(iv) 
Redemption of principal across all Series that have been subject to an Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable, or, redemption of all Series that have not been subject to an Extended Maturity Date in 
the relevant Interest Payment Date, if principal is due on this Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
Crediting the Programme Account or, if this has not yet been set-up, otherwise retained in the 
Cover Pool, provided that: 
(a) 
Any payments under item (iv) above, while some but not all Covered Bonds have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, may only be made to the extent that, 
once made, the Issuer or the Special Administrator will not breach the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage; 
(b) 
No funds debited from the Reserve Account may be used to make payments of Amounts of 
Interest due on such date, under (ii) above, in respect of Covered Bonds that have not been

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date; 
(c) 
Funds may be debited from the Reserve Account immediately following the occurrence of a 
Default of Payment Event resulting from non-payment of interest; 
(d) 
While any Covered Bonds have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, 
any Cover Pool monies or assets may only be used in making payments in accordance with 
the above payments priority (without prejudice to the best-efforts sale obligation below and 
the accumulation of any such sale proceeds in the Programme Account or, if this has not yet 
been set-up, otherwise accumulated in the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
In case the relevant Issuer Event was a Default of Payment Event, then, when all the Covered 
Bonds which have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date thereunder 
have been fully reimbursed and no other Issuer Event has taken place, this Condition 6.9 
(Pass-through Provision) will no longer apply, and 
(f) 
Once all Series of Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full, any remaining funds shall be 
paid to the Issuer. 
(g) 
For the sake of clarity, upon the application of this Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) 
following the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event, payment by the Issuer of the 
defaulted payment does not grant the Issuer the possibility of, nor has as its consequence 
the, reversion of the application of Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) as regards the 
Series where such default occurred and the pass-through provision set forth therein. 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered Bonds that have been extended 
to their Extended Maturity Date prior to such date, the Issuer and/or the Special Administrator shall use 
and employ its best efforts to sell an amount sufficient to redeem, in whole or in part, all outstanding 
Covered Bonds that have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth 
Interest Payment Date following an Issuer Event, the assets comprised in the Cover Pool along commercial 
acceptable terms, provided that such sale and subsequent redemption of the respective Covered Bonds 
will not result in a breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage on and between any Interest Payment 
Dates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) failure by the Issuer and/or the Special Administrator to sell or refinance 
the assets comprised in the Cover Pool will not constitute an event of default; and (ii) subject to the above 
terms and provided that (if required) relevant procedures are put in place (including Chinese walls and 
appropriate disclosures) to properly manage any potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of 
information, the Issuer may participate as purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined above. 
The disposals of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as 
part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds, or by the Special Administrator. 
7.1 
Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any Taxes (for which purpose investors are required in any case 
to comply with their obligations detailed under the Taxation section) unless the Issuer or any Paying Agent 
(as the case may be) is required by law to make any such payment subject to any such withholding or 
deduction. In that event, the Issuer or any Paying Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to withhold 
or deduct the required amount for or on account of Tax from such payment and shall account to the 
relevant Tax Authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted. 
7.2 
No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Holders of

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of 
taxes) above. 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to 
the Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not event of default 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above, this shall not constitute an event of default. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 (twenty) years (in the case 
of principal) and 5 (five) years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date therefore, 
subject in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). Also, following the occurrence 
of the above mentioned prescription terms (20 (twenty) years in the case of principal and 5 (five) years in 
the case of interest), such principal and interest, as applicable, will be considered abandoned in favour of 
the Portuguese State and will be handed over to the Portuguese State, in accordance with Decree-Law 
187/70, of 30 April, as amended. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, Conditions 
6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) will apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds may 
approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 (two thirds) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an Acceleration Notice, in which case all 
outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest. For the sake of clarity, the serving of an Acceleration Notice will supersede 
the provisions of Conditions 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-
through Provision), the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and payable as aforementioned. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the Holders of Covered Bonds enjoy, under the 
Covered Bonds Law, a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over the Cover Pool 
(including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference over any 
other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Common Representative and the Hedge 
Counterparties also benefit from this special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial), which is not 
subject to registration. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and 
dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law 
199/2006, of 25 October, the Credit Institutions General Regime and/or (if applicable) under the Code 
for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies approved by Decree-Law 53/2004, of 18 March 2004), all 
as amended. Investors should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders 
of the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may 
deem fit to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard 
to the interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any 
action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any 
other Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to proceed, 
fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
(A) 
The names of the Agent, the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In the 
event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent, 
or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest Amounts for any 
Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common Representative in an 
European Union Member State; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or, as the case 
may be, other relevant authority; 
(iv) 
the Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union 
that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to Council Directive (EU) 2015/2060, of 
10 November 2015, as amended, on the taxation and savings income or any other Directive or any 
law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to such Directive. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall be published in a manner which complies with the applicable 
listing rules of Euronext Dublin and also with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or 
any other relevant authority) on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law requirements, 
namely CMVM Regulation 5/2008, as amended. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code expressly applicable to Covered Bonds, pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law, contains provisions for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds to consider any 
matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest (which provisions are described and 
supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment Agreement), including the modification by 
Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever part of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter of the Covered 
Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented or, at any adjourned 
meeting, any person being or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the majority of 
the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter, at 
least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or, 
at any adjourned meeting, 2/3 (two thirds) of the votes cast at the relevant meeting. 
 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a 
given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the 
currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; 
(v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a 
given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; or (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the 
majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii). 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject as 
provided below, be binding on all the Holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Common 
Representative may convene a single meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series 
if in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. A Written 
Resolution shall take effect as if it were a Resolution. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action (each a 
“Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the Holders of 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Common Representative or by Holders of Covered Bonds of any Series. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date of the 
meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and discretions 
without the approval of such Holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a Written Resolution of such 
Holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, 
authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not reasonably 
assured to it under the Covered Bonds Law or if it has not been provided with adequate indemnity against 
or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution 
approved at any meeting or any Written Resolution of any Holders of Covered Bonds, the Common 
Representative may (i) refrain from taking any action until it has been provided with sufficient funds or 
adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as a result of any such actions and (ii) 
refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or which 
might otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion necessary to 
comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the Holders of Covered Bonds for any 
consequences of such actions or inaction. The Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains 
further provisions for the indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from 
responsibility. 
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, VALUATION OF COVER POOL AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1 Maintenance of overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, and regardless of the time of issue of the Covered Bonds, 
the Value (determined in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices) of the 
Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer (the “Overcollateralisation Percentage”) shall at all times be a 
minimum of the higher of (i) 110.0 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme less any Covered Bonds held by the Issuer pursuant to Article 21 (2) of the 
Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled (or such other minimum legal overcollateralisation percentage 
established in the law), and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage. 
The 110.0 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105.26 per cent. set forth 
in the Covered Bonds Law (see Covered Bonds Law). 
For the purposes above, the “Asset Percentage” means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other 
percentage determined by the Issuer from time to time. 
As of 30 June 2022, the Asset Percentage was 83.412 per cent.. The Issuer may at any time reduce the 
Asset Percentage, but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject to obtaining 
the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the Rating 
Agencies that such increase would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit 
watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating 
Agencies that it does not have any comments to said increase; or (iii) a written communication by the 
Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said increase, it does not consider a confirmation to

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
be due; or (iv) within 30 (thirty) days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional 
information or additional period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other 
written communication from the Rating Agencies. Without prejudice to the above, and for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Asset Percentage increase will always require Moody’s prior confirmation, whilst the 
alternatives indicated above in items (ii) to (iv) will only be available regarding the remaining Rating 
Agencies. Any change to the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer on the website of Euronext 
Dublin and of the CMVM and the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part 
of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
Should a breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage occur for 2 (two) consecutive monthly reporting 
dates, the Issuer shall forthwith notify the Common Representative and the Programme Account shall be 
set up by the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, within 30 (thirty) calendar days of such breach. 
Once the Programme Account has been set up, all cash proceeds arising under, or otherwise existing in, 
the Cover Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, by the Issuer to the Programme Account.  
Any such Cover Pool cash proceeds shall only be used by the Issuer in making payments owed by it in its 
capacity as Issuer of Covered Bonds (including any interest or redemption amounts due under the Covered 
Bonds, any Expenses and any Owed Hedging Payments). For the sake of clarity, in case an Issuer Event has 
occurred, the terms of Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) prevail over the foregoing terms in this 
paragraph. 
While the breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage persists, the Issuer shall not issue further 
Covered Bonds.  
Upon remedy and compliance of the obligation to maintain the Overcollateralisation Percentage, and 
provided that no Issuer Event has occurred (which would require the Programme Account to remain open 
pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Issuer shall notify the 
Common Representative and its obligation to keep the Programme Account open and to transfer any 
Cover Pool proceeds to the Programme Account will no longer apply and any balance then existing in the 
Programme Account shall be released to the Issuer. 
14.2 Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(A) 
Loan to Value: the Value of a Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer may not exceed either 80 per 
cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 
60 per cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial 
purposes; 
(B) 
Asset Cover: the aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate 
value of the Cover Pool; 
(C) 
Average Maturity: the remaining average Maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds is at all times 
shorter than the remaining average Maturity of the Cover Pool entered in the Register; 
(D) 
Interest Cover: the total amount of interest receivable on the Cover Pool will at all times be at least 
equal to or exceed the total amount of interest payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(E) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, 
Other Assets and Properties will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law 
and the Regulatory Notices (in particular Regulatory Notice 5/2006 and Regulatory Notice 6/2006); 
(F) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of 
Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the applicable

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Regulatory Notices, as well as with all necessary elements and information relating to any other matters 
which the Cover Pool Monitor shall monitor in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; 
(G) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits as of the date when they are included in the Cover Pool 
are not Non-Performing Mortgage Credits; and 
(H) 
Liabilities: The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot 
exceed the net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must also be 
met for 200 basis points parallel shifts of the yield curve. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue 
date and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Except for the Hedging Contracts and the Reserve Account Agreement, which are governed by, and will 
be construed in accordance with, English Law, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents (including 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said documents) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law unless specifically stated to the contrary. 
The courts of Lisbon (or of England in case of the Hedging Contracts and of the Reserve Account 
Agreement) shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the 
Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents (including any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection with said documents). 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) applies, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 
April 2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. and 
by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon and any successor agent appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Agency and Payments Procedures. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered 
Bonds and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
interest amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and 
principal payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any sale 
proceeds of any Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any hedging payment 
amounts paid by the hedging counterparty under the Hedging Contracts (for the avoidance of doubt, such 
amounts do not include any collateral that may transferred under the Hedging Contracts), any balances 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, in all cases which are received 
by the Issuer or the Special Administrator or transferred to the Programme Account between, and 
including, the sixth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the sixth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as calculated by the Agent pursuant to the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it 
will, on or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling 6 months before the 
specified date referred to in (b)(I); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or prior to a specified date, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to 
in (d)(I); or 
(e) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or prior to a specified date and 
(II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in (e)(I); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, 
the Agent or any Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to 
calculate any payments due to be made to the holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be 
used. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom in its capacity as representative 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law (as supplemented 
by Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the 
terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement or any successor common representative 
appointed by a Meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the Holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified 
in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), with its registered office at Palácio 
SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1, 3rd, 1069-316, in Lisbon. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered 
Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, enacted by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings GmbH is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been 
repaid in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that 
Series has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake 
of clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as 
applicable) is not done by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned 
above. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses 
due to the Special Administrator, including any expenses incurred by the Special Administrator in 
connection with any actual or prospective disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to 
cover for the maintenance and operating of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees 
and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, Covered Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed 
and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the agreements entered into in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the 
list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rates, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the 
Cover Pool. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected 
and appointed by the Issuer. 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered 
bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series 
of Covered Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, 
following such occurrence, for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default 
of Payment Event. 
“Issuer Event” means an Insolvency Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the legal regime of covered bonds (Regime Jurídico das 
Obrigações Cobertas), approved by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (as amended from time to time). 
“Liquidity Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a 5 (five) day prior notice to the Liquidity Facility 
Provider of not having enough available funds to make the payment of the Amounts of Interest due on 
the Covered Bonds in the Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond. 
“Liquidity Facility Agreement” means a liquidity facility agreement entered into in replacement of the 
Reserve Account, in accordance with Condition 5.4, with a Liquidity Facility Provider. 
“Liquidity Facility Provider” means a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the 
criteria of the Rating Agencies (and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by the 
Covered Bonds Law). 
“Loan to Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service España, 
S.A. is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with such Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in 
the Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security forming the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria established in 
the Covered Bonds Law: 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all Mortgage Credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate 
insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) 
above. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those 
payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as 
specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem; 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to the 
same legal requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all times the 
Issuer shall ensure); and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as defined 
by the supervisory authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred 
under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties (who benefit of a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) and of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating 
to the Cover Pool)), the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and the Special Administrator 
(both benefit of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating to the Cover Pool).  
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge 
counterparties under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme of the 
Issuer. 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings 
sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum 
rating required by the Covered Bonds Law. The Programme Account, and any balance to the credit 
thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime 
as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property or properties upon which the 
repayment of such Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means 
all of them.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such 
Property in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time 
or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Regulatory Notice 5/2006; 
and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognized indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law and Regulatory Notice 5/2006. 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's and Fitch. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for 
mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of 
mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit 
institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal regulating certain 
aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 
13/2006 and Regulatory Notice 8/2006, as amended from time to time, and any amending, replacing or 
supplementing secondary legislation passed by the CMVM, in accordance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required 
by the Covered Bonds Law, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which shall be governed by 
Conditions 5.5 (Reserve Account) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) and the Reserve Account Agreement. 
The Reserve Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject 
to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool.  
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and 
the Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, 
on or about 1 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including 
a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company registered 
in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered office at 
Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D 18 W319, acting through its 
UK Branch (registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, Fifth Floor, 
London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity 
as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 
2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual position was novated to Elavon 
Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in Ireland, and the definition of Reserve 
Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of 
all or of a given Series, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations 
or securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of Holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Special Administrator” means such entity as appointed by the CMVM, in case of an Insolvency Event, 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which 
shall be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms. “TARGET Day” means any 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate, and is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee,

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
deduction or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.5 (Reserve Account).  
“Value” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an 
amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with 
any matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan to Value calculation, an amount 
equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register; 
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as entered 
on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem for 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of such 
securities, including matured and accrued interests.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
 
 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, as complemented by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, mortgage 
covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) may be issued by credit institutions legally authorised to grant 
credits guaranteed by mortgages over property. The Issuer complies with these requirements and is thus 
allowed to issue covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and other 
eligible assets (including hedging contracts) subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds 
Law. The Covered Bonds Law allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not 
require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be 
comprised in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure 
compliance with the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and with the Regulatory Notices (as defined 
in Definitions). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a segregated register 
(the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. The Issuer plans 
to issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover Pool, additional 
mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Covered Bonds in accordance with 
relevant provisions of the Covered Bonds Law, as further detailed below. 
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions 
of the Covered Bonds Law, take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being 
repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS FORMING THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions, nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all mortgage credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate 
insurance policy, in each case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) 
above. 
“Other Assets” Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
national central banks of the EU member states whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to the 
same legal requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all times the 
Issuer shall ensure); and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Regulatory Notices. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which 
are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Covered 
Bonds Law. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Moody’s 
and/or Fitch a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed 
by such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Covered Bonds Law allows the Cover Pool to include hedging contracts aimed exclusively at hedging 
risks, namely interest rate, foreign exchange rate or liquidity risks. These hedging contracts will form part 
of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law, any such hedging contract can only be entered 
into (i) in a regulated market of an EU Member State, or (ii) recognised market of an OECD country, or (iii) 
with a counterparty which is a credit institution with a rating of at least «A-» or equivalent. The Covered 
Bonds Law empowered the Bank of Portugal to develop, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), the eligibility 
criteria for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, identify 
(i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the corresponding Cover Pool; 
(iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the commencement 
date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must 
enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be 
managed through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge 
Counterparty relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Hedging 
Contracts will qualify as derivative financial instruments for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Under the terms of the Hedging Contracts entered into with the Hedge Counterparty, if the rating of the 
Hedge Counterparty falls below the relevant applicable ratings as set out in such Hedging Contracts, the 
Hedge Counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: (i) providing 
collateral for its obligations under the Hedging Contract; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the Hedging

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Contracts to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency; (iii) 
procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in 
respect of its obligations under the Hedging Contracts; or (iv) taking such other action so that, in respect 
of the relevant rating agency, the then ratings of the Covered Bonds following such action are not lower 
than the ratings immediately prior to the downgrade of the Hedge Counterparty. A failure to take such 
steps will allow the Issuer to terminate the Hedging Contracts. 
In addition, certain other termination events and/or events of default may apply under the terms of the 
proposed Hedging Contracts, which may entitle the Hedge Counterparty and/or the Issuer to terminate 
the Hedging Contracts. 
Upon any termination in whole or in part of the Hedging Contracts, the Issuer may be required to make 
(or be entitled to receive) a termination payment to (or from) the Hedge Counterparty. 
The Hedging Contracts will be governed by English law. 
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the amount of any mortgage credit asset included in the Cover Pool 
may not exceed (i) the value of the corresponding Mortgage, and (ii) 80 per cent. of the value of the 
Property, if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is commercial 
property. See Valuation of Cover Pool below. 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE TERM TO MATURITY 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain criteria, including matching weighted average term to maturity, 
which are required to be met by the Issuer in respect of its Cover Pool. In any case, the average maturity 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds cannot exceed, at any time, the average maturity of the Mortgage 
Credits and Other Assets allocated to the relevant issuance. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the nominal principal amount of any Covered Bonds outstanding may 
not exceed 95 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Cover Pool less any Covered Bonds 
acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled. In addition, the aggregate 
amount of interest payable to the holders of Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the amount of 
interest to be collected under the Cover Pool (including both the Mortgage Credits and the Other Assets) 
allocated to the Covered Bonds. 
Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to 
guarantee that the Value of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 
the higher of (i) 110.0 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme less any Covered Bonds held by the Issuer pursuant to Article 21.2 of the Covered Bonds Law 
and not cancelled and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage. For the purposes above, the “Asset 
Percentage” means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other percentage determined by the Issuer from 
time to time. As of 30 June 2022, the Asset Percentage was 83.412 per cent.. The Issuer may at any time 
reduce the Asset Percentage, but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject 
to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the 
Rating Agencies that such increase would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement 
on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by 
the Rating Agencies that it does not have any comments to said increase; or (iii) a written communication 
by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said increase, it does not consider a 
confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no 
additional information or additional period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
any other written communication from the Rating Agencies. Any change to the Asset Percentage shall be 
disclosed by the Issuer on the website of Euronext Dublin and the CMVM and the Asset Percentage shall 
be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
The 110.0 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105.26 per cent. set forth 
in the Covered Bonds Law. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be included at their outstanding principal amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including matured and accrued interest; 
(c) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their aggregate amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for a value which is 
obtained in accordance with the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, 
if lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued but unpaid interests. 
Also, for the purpose of these calculations, the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the foreign 
exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
In addition, the net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot exceed the 
net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis point parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial requirements established 
in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Regulatory Notices described in this section. The Issuer must, as soon 
as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with any provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Law summarized herein (or when it is reasonable to expect that they will not be complied with), take all 
steps to comply with that provision, by undertaking one or more of the following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new mortgage credit assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated to 
the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
allocating additional Other Assets within the limits set out in the Covered Bonds Law; and/or 
(c) 
acquiring Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by the 
Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowered the Bank of Portugal to specify, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter 
that it considers relevant for determining the value of mortgage credit assets or Other Assets for the 
purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. The Covered Bonds Law also empowered the Bank of Portugal to 
specify, by regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
valuation and any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the value of substitution assets 
that are to form the Cover Pool. These requirements are set out in Regulatory Notice 6/2006. 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool should be 
determined in accordance with the rules and criteria set out in Regulatory Notice 5/2006 of the Bank of 
Portugal. Such value corresponds to the commercial value of such Property, determined in accordance 
with prudent criteria and taking into consideration (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such 
Property, (ii) the standard conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant Property, and 
(iv) any alternative uses of the Property in question. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by the Issuer 
to each of the Properties related to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool may not be higher than 
the market value of such Property. For these purposes, the “market value” of each Property shall 
correspond to the price by which the relevant Property can be purchased by a third party able to complete 
such purchase on the date of the valuation of the Property, assuming that (i) the Property is publicly put 
on sale, (ii) the market conditions allow for a regular transfer of such Property, and (iii) there is a normal 
period of time to, considering the nature of the Property in question, negotiate the purchase and sale of 
such Property. 
Valuation by expert 
Prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by 
a real estate valuation expert. Such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever 
(i) the information available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the 
value of the Property or (ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general 
market prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Regulatory Notice 5/2006 
may, however, be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations were carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis 
and credit decision process within the Group; 
(b) 
the valuations were subject to a written report from the valuation expert; 
(c) 
the Properties had been valued in light of the corresponding market value, or in light of the value 
of the mortgaged asset value, as established by Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property was over-valued at the time of allocation 
of the relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required 
valuation of Properties shall be independent and be adequately qualified and experienced for the 
performance of their functions. The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any 
potential conflicts of interest, notably where there is (i) any specific interest of the valuation expert in the 
Property subject to the valuation; (ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the 
Mortgage Credit related to the Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the 
valuation expert is dependent on the valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Group, provided such valuation expert is 
independent from the credit analysis and decision making process within the Group. 
The selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must ensure adequate diversification and

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
rotation, and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of selected valuation experts, setting 
out the criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well as the Properties valued by each 
valuation expert. This list shall be sent to the supervisory authority by the end of January in each year, 
with reference to 31 December of the previous year, indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such 
list from the list submitted the previous year. 
Under Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the supervisory authority may, in relation to a given Property, require 
the Issuer to appoint another valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous 
valuation raises doubts as to its correctness. 
Valuation experts are required to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in Law 153/2015, of 14 
September. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following 
methods of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject 
to valuation, as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or assumptions 
adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market or the 
market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the Mortgaged Credit and of the 
market value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has performed the valuation according to the 
applicable requirements set out in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Regulatory Notices; 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €500,000, 
in the case of residential Properties, or €1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of 
the relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years. 
The Issuer shall also perform an internal review of the value of each of the Properties at least once every 
three years, for residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties. 
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that 
indicates that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the property value may 
have suffered a material decline in relation to standard market prices.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to 
recognised indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send the supervisory authority a 
report with the detailed description of such indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for 
their use, together with an opinion on the adequacy of such indexes and statistical methods produced by 
a reputable independent valuation expert. All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be 
documented by the Issuer, setting out the description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the 
review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor 
to supervise compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law and in 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of Other Assets 
Pursuant to Regulatory Notice 6/2006, the Other Assets shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be valued for by the value resulting 
from the rules regarding evaluation and margin calculation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, 
according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and 
principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset comprised in the Cover Pool does not have adequate 
insurance policy contracted by the relevant owner, the Issuer must obtain such insurance coverage 
adequate to the risks inherent to the relevant property. The Issuer must bear the costs of such insurance. 
In any case, the insurance policy attached to any property included in the Cover Pool must provide for a 
full coverage, allowing, in case of total loss, for such property to be rebuilt. Any compensation due under 
any such insurance policies must be paid directly to the Issuer, up to the limit of the relevant Mortgage 
Credit. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
(“património autónomo”) not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts 
due to the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Covered Bonds Law provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover 
Pool (including Mortgage Credits, Other Assets and Hedging Contracts) must be recorded in a segregated 
register within and maintained by the Issuer. Such register must record the following: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount; 
(ii) 
the applicable interest rate; 
(iii) 
the applicable maturity; 
(iv) 
the notary’s office where the relevant mortgage was entered into, when applicable; 
(v) 
the reference regarding the definitive inscription of the mortgages in the corresponding real 
estate registry.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Pursuant to Article 4 (3) of the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool is identified in the transaction 
documents by a code provided by the supervisory authority. The key to such code is deposited with the 
supervisory authority. Regulatory Notice 8/2006 sets out the conditions under which the holders of 
Covered Bonds may have access to the segregated register of the Cover Pool. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over the 
Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference 
over any other creditors, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, this special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório 
especial) applied automatically for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, the Common 
Representative and the Hedge Counterparties and is not subject to registration. 
The mortgages created as security for the mortgage credit assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall prevail 
over all other real estate preferential claims. 
From and including 1 July 2022, Article 5 (Dual Recourse) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds applies, 
which, while continuing to apply the same regime as above, specifies further detail thereto, confirming 
that the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds; (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the credit institution 
issuing the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the principal 
and any accrued and future interest; (c) in the case of the insolvency of the credit institution issuing the 
covered bonds and in the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a claim 
against the insolvency estate of that credit institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the credit 
institution’s ordinary unsecured creditors of the credit institution. It is further specified that the 
entitlements under (a) to (c) above are limited to the total payment obligations under the covered bonds 
and that the above dual recourse and special creditor privilege also applies in case of maturity extension 
of those covered bonds subject to automatic maturity extension, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
INFORMATION ON THE COVER POOL 
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds, including key 
information regarding characteristics of the Cover Pool, outstanding Covered Bonds and other Assets 
(including the Reserve Account), as at the last business day of each calendar quarter and the applicable 
Overcollateralisation. The Investor Report is produced and distributed by the end of the calendar month 
following each calendar quarter, and distributed to the Rating Agencies and Cover Pool Monitor via 
electronic mail. Such reports are available at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-
relations/funding-programmes. 
Covered Bond Programme - main characteristics  
The table below shows the main characteristics of the Covered Bond Programme, as of 30 September 
2022 (the full version of the quarterly Investor Report as well as any future quarterly updates thereto are 
available for consultation at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations-funding-
programmes). 
Covered Bonds Outstanding 
Issue Date 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Remaining 
Term (Years) 
Nominal 
Amount 
Syndicated 
  
  
  
  
  
Series 10   (ISIN PTCMGTOM0029) 
17/10/2017 
Fixed Rate 
17/10/2022 
0.0 
750,000,000 
Series 11   (ISIN PTCMGAOM0038) 
14/11/2019 
Fixed Rate 
14/11/2024 
2.1 
500,000,000 
Private Placements

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Covered Bonds Outstanding 
Issue Date 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Remaining 
Term (Years) 
Nominal 
Amount 
Series 6   (ISIN PTCMGEOE0034) 
09/11/2016 
Floating Rate 
09/11/2023 
1.1 
300,000,000 
Series 8   (ISIN PTCMGFOE0033) 
16/03/2016 
Floating Rate 
16/03/2026 
4.2 
500,000,000 
Series 9   (ISIN PTCMGSOM0020) 
22/05/2017 
Floating Rate 
22/05/2024 
1.6 
250,000,000 
Total 
  
  
  
1.7 
2,300,000,000 
 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
Main Characteristics
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Number of Loans 
 
 
55,860 
Aggregate Original Principal Balance (EUR) 
 
 
4,487,208,019 
Aggregate Current Principal Balance (EUR) 
 
 
2,746,299,078 
Average Original Principal Balance per loan (EUR) 
 
 
80,330 
Average Current Principal Balance per loan (EUR) 
 
 
49,164 
Current principal balance of the 5 largest borrowers 
(EUR) 
 
 
5,506,967 
Weight of the 5 largest borrowers (current principal 
balance) % 
 
 
0.20% 
Current principal balance of the 10 largest borrowers 
(EUR) 
 
 
9,079,236 
Weight of the 10 largest borrowers (current principal 
balance) % 
 
 
0.33% 
Weighted Average Seasoning (months) 
 
 
123.2394091 
Weighted Average Remaining Term (months) 
 
 
274.4962633 
Weighted Average Current Unindexed LTV (%) 
 
 
51.09% 
Weighted Average Current Indexed LTV (%) 
 
 
n.a. 
Weighted Average Interest Rate (%) 
 
 
1.51% 
Weighted Average Spread (%) 
 
 
1.28% 
Max Maturity Date 
 
 
04/02/2066 
Subsidized Loans 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Yes 
3,203 
5.73% 
69,238,779 
2.52% 
No 
52,657 
94.27% 
2,677,060,299 
97.48% 
Insured Property 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Yes 
55,860 
100.00% 
2,746,299,078 
100.00% 
No 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Interest Rate Type 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Fixed 
3,361 
6.02% 
200,294,700 
7.29% 
Floating 
52,499 
93.98% 
2,546,004,378 
92.71% 
Repayment Type 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Annuity / French 
55,522 
99.39% 
2,734,293,506 
99.56% 
Linear 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Increasing instalments 
142 
0.25% 
5,328,094 
0.19% 
Bullet 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Interest-only 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00%

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
Other 
196 
0.35% 
6,677,478 
0.24% 
Seasoning 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Up to 1 year 
2,476 
4.43% 
241,557,631 
8.80% 
1 to 2 years 
3,176 
5.69% 
295,507,436 
10.76% 
2 to 3 years 
2,104 
3.77% 
185,540,556 
6.76% 
3 to 4 years 
2,043 
3.66% 
164,310,109 
5.98% 
4 to 5 years 
1,704 
3.05% 
130,879,673 
4.77% 
5 to 6 years 
1,762 
3.15% 
127,381,974 
4.64% 
6 to 7 years 
1100 
1.97% 
74,545,117 
2.71% 
7 to 8 years 
1078 
1.93% 
62,573,721 
2.28% 
8 to 9 years 
791 
1.42% 
46,764,682 
1.70% 
9 to 10 years 
670 
1.20% 
39,744,694 
1.45% 
10 to 11 years 
518 
0.93% 
29,410,725 
1.07% 
11 to 12 years 
978 
1.75% 
54,593,776 
1.99% 
More than 12 years 
37,460 
67.06% 
1,293,488,985 
47.10% 
Remaining Term 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Up to 5 years 
5,319 
9.52% 
50,626,503 
1.84% 
5 to 8 years 
7,960 
14.25% 
159,422,419 
5.80% 
8 to 10 years 
6,108 
10.93% 
171,743,290 
6.25% 
10 to 12 years 
3,660 
6.55% 
124,033,061 
4.52% 
12 to 14 years 
2,480 
4.44% 
100,040,206 
3.64% 
14 to 16 years 
2,197 
3.93% 
101,475,087 
3.69% 
16 to 18 years 
2,486 
4.45% 
125,825,775 
4.58% 
18 to 20 years 
2,570 
4.60% 
147,364,107 
5.37% 
20 to 22 years 
2,929 
5.24% 
169,849,740 
6.18% 
22 to 24 years 
4,354 
7.79% 
268,100,692 
9.76% 
24 to 26 years 
3,022 
5.41% 
215,501,911 
7.85% 
26 to 28 years 
2,752 
4.93% 
214,154,683 
7.80% 
28 to 30 years 
2,766 
4.95% 
220,203,225 
8.02% 
30 to 40 years 
7,252 
12.98% 
677,609,648 
24.67% 
More than 40 years 
5 
0.01% 
348,731 
0.01% 
Current Unindexed LTV 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Up to 40% 
28,947 
51.82% 
818,679,329 
29.81% 
40 to 50% 
7,361 
13.18% 
413,467,875 
15.06% 
50 to 60% 
6,994 
12.52% 
461,026,222 
16.79% 
60 to 70% 
6,967 
12.47% 
531,986,574 
19.37% 
70 to 80% 
5,591 
10.01% 
521,139,078 
18.98% 
More than 80% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Loan Purpose 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
Owner-occupied 
49,431 
88.49% 
2,405,848,315 
87.60% 
Second Home  
3,803 
6.81% 
210,403,273 
7.66% 
Buy to Let 
930 
1.66% 
48,510,187 
1.77% 
Other 
1,696 
3.04% 
81,537,304 
2.97% 
Property Type 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Residential 
55,860 
100.00% 
2,746,299,078 
100.00% 
Flat 
41,523 
74.33% 
1,784,872,966 
64.99% 
House 
14,337 
25.67% 
961,426,112 
35.01% 
Other 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Commercial 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Geographical Distribution 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
Portugal 
55,860 
100.00% 
2,746,299,078 
100.00% 
North 
16,917 
30.28% 
752,063,887 
27.38% 
Centre 
9,492 
16.99% 
449,978,115 
16.38% 
Lisbon 
18,512 
33.14% 
984,803,903 
35.86% 
Alentejo 
2,972 
5.32% 
146,859,552 
5.35% 
Algarve 
3,726 
6.67% 
197,622,351 
7.20% 
Madeira 
1,462 
2.62% 
76,897,636 
2.80% 
Azores 
2,779 
4.97% 
138,073,634 
5.03% 
Delinquencies 
Number of 
Loans 
% Total Loans 
Loans Amount 
% Total Amount 
> 30 to 60 days 
59 
0.11% 
2,788,293 
0.10% 
> 60 to 90 days 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
> 90 days 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00%

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
ISSUER EVENTS 
INSOLVENCY EVENT 
From and including 1 July 2022, the following regime applies, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, 
pursuant to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, substituting the previous regime on such matters under 
the Covered Bonds Law: 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, CMVM shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, 
as the competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and interests of the holders of Covered Bonds, 
in particular by verifying the continuity and sound management of the covered bonds’ programme 
following the resolution action. 
The Covered Bonds Law governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds. 
In the event of dissolution and winding-up (including on grounds of insolvency) of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds Law establishes that the Cover Pool shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer 
and will not form part thereof until full payment of any amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds. 
The amounts corresponding to payment of interest and repayment of principal of the Mortgage Credits 
and Other Assets will not form part of the insolvency estate of the Issuer.  
The Cover Pool will, in such an event, be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate so as to be 
autonomously managed until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds and any 
other preferred creditors benefiting from the creditor privilege and/or the autonomous estate constituted 
by the Cover Pool. In this situation, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds are 
entitled to adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority 
of at least two thirds of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the 
entity appointed to manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the 
holders of Covered Bonds. If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal, as 
the competent resolution authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution 
measure to the Issuer, informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the Covered Bonds in the resolution 
action applied. In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is 
revoked, the Bank of Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the authorisation 
of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent 
liquidation of the Issuer, CMVM may appoint a special administrator (the “Special Administrator”) within 
10 business days after the revocation of such authorisation. The roles and responsibilities of the Special 
Administrator include: 
a) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
b) 
the management and settlement of hedging assets, including their transfer to another credit 
institution that issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered 
bonds; 
c) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(i) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(ii) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered 
Bonds; and

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(iii) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets in the Cover Pool and 
the transfer of the remaining assets, after the extinction of all hedging portfolio liabilities to 
the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer; 
d) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and 
respective guarantees, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; 
and 
(iv) 
amending, extinguishing and conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
e) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular in cases where such Special Administrator fails 
to fulfil and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. The remuneration of the Special Administrator is set by CMVM and constitutes a charge on the 
Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the 
performance of their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in 
relation to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual 
report, regarding the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an 
independent auditor appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end 
of the relevant financial year, the Special Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly 
with the audit report. In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the assets allocated to one or more issues 
of Covered Bonds will be segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed 
autonomously by a third party until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds has 
been made. In any case, and even if the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines 
that timely payments of interest and reimbursements under the Covered Bonds shall continue to be 
carried out. 
DEFAULT OF PAYMENT EVENT 
The Default of Payment Event shall occur if i) a Series of Covered Bonds has not been repaid in full on its 
Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or ii) if interest due under that Series has not been 
paid on any Interest Payment Date (subject to any applicable grace period or the availability of any 
Reserve Amount) or on the following five Business Days, and therefore, the affected Covered Bonds shall 
be treated and will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds. For the sake of clarity, a Default of 
Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as applicable) is not done 
by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned above.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds, pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law (which has been 
supplemented by Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement.  
According to the Covered Bonds Law (as supplemented by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) and to the 
relevant provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), the Common 
Representative is entitled, at its discretion, to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to ensure 
protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, notably: (a) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in 
respect of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their 
legal or contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of 
Covered Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to 
represent the holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against 
the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or 
against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which 
is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant 
information regarding the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its role as 
Common Representative under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The Common Representative should be independent and may not be associated with a group of specific 
interests in the company nor in any circumstance which is likely to affect their impartiality when analysing 
or making decisions, including by virtue of: a) it being the holder or acting on behalf of the holder of 
holdings equal to or greater than 2 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer; b) being in a controlling or 
group relationship with the Issuer; c) providing services of financial or legal nature to the Issuer, for the 
issue of securities, or to other financial intermediaries or promoters related with the issue; d) benefiting 
from any advantages from the company; e) serving as directors in the Issuer and in any entity controlling 
or having a group relation with the Issuer; f) rendering services or having a significant commercial 
relationship with the Issuer; g) exercising functions in competing entities, or that act on their behalf or 
represent any interests of such entities; h) being relative to a person prevented from exercising these 
functions or with a person with a significant commercial relationship with the company. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, remove the Common Representative and appoint a new common representative.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Covered Bonds Law requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person or 
entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who shall be responsible, for the 
benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements 
contained in the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor registered 
with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related with 
or associated to any group of interests within the Issuer and is not in a position that hinders its 
independent analysis and decision making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall not (i) 
either directly or on behalf of a third party, hold 2 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer, 
or (ii) have been re-elected a member of the Issuer’s audit bodies for more than two terms (either 
consecutive or not). For this purpose, a term corresponds to a period of 4 (four) years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 12 December 2018, the Issuer appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. registered with 
the CMVM under registration number 20161485 as the Programme Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law in relation to the 
appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation 
of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool 
Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer of Cover Pool 
Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the benefit 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Regulatory Notices in respect of the Cover 
Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenant), including in respect of the operation of the Reserve Account. The Cover Pool Monitor is also 
required to monitor the Reserve Account required level, on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor 
identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, 
it shall report that fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed 
upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices, the Cover Pool Monitor is entitled to be 
provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the requirements relating 
to outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce an annual report with an 
assessment of the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
in the Regulatory Notices, in particular those requirements relating to the level of collateralisation, the 
loan-to-value ratios limitations and the valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool. The Cover Pool 
Monitor must also prepare opinions certifying the statements of the management body of the Issuer, 
relating to information and documentation filed with the supervisory authority. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will prepare a quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with 
agreed upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement.  
If, during the carrying out of any work for the preparation of the above quarterly reports, the Cover Pool 
Monitor becomes aware that the Issuer has not complied with any of the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Law and/or of any of the Requirements of the Cover Pool, including in respect of the operation of the 
Reserve Account, it must notify the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, of such event. If the situation 
remains unremedied within 10 (ten) business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will 
notify the Arranger, the Common Representative and the relevant Dealers of the non-compliance. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowered the Bank of Portugal to promulgate, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
after consultation with the CMVM and the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants (Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas), the requirements applicable to the content, format and disclosure of 
any reports of the Cover Pool Monitor. Until the present date, the Bank of Portugal has not issued any 
notice on these matters. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Issuer may, with a fifteen days prior notice, at any time terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Monitor and appoint a new entity to act in such capacity. Any such termination shall not become effective 
until a new cover pool monitor is appointed in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement. Additionally, the Cover Pool Monitor may retire at any time upon giving not less than three 
calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Such retirement shall not become effective until the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
APPOINTMENT OF A RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
The Programme requires that the Issuer appoints a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to 
satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by 
law (currently, “A-”). 
ROLE OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
Pursuant to the Reserve Account Agreement, dated 7 July 2016 the Issuer appointed Elavon Financial 
Services Limited, a limited liability company registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office 
(registered number 418442) (on 14 July 2016, this company was renamed Elavon Financial Services DAC, 
a Designated Activity Company, under the same registration number), with its registered office at Building 
8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W319, acting through its UK Branch 
(registered number BR020005 from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, EC2N 1AR under the trade 
name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services. 
The Reserve Account Agreement rules the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, 
on or about 7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to the Deed of Novation, dated on or about 7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the 
Reserve Account Bank contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described 
above), acting through its office in Ireland.  
DUTIES OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK AND RESERVE ACCOUNT 
The Reserve Account Bank will at all times have the minimum rating and comply with other requirements 
as required by the Covered Bonds Law for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover 
Pool. The Reserve Account will form part of the Cover Pool associated with the Programme, provided that 
the amounts standing to the credit of such Reserve Account (together with the remaining Other Assets) 
do not at any time exceed 20 per cent. of the value of the mortgage loans and other eligible assets 
allocated to the Cover Pool. 
The amount deposited in the Reserve Account shall be available on any interest payment date towards 
the payment of interest due on the Pass-Through bonds to the extent that there are insufficient available 
funds. 
REMUNERATION AND RESERVE ACCOUNT REPLACEMENT 
In accordance with the Reserve Account Agreement, the Reserve Account Bank shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Reserve Account Bank, in terms of fees and commissions, separately agreed 
between the Issuer and the Reserve Account Bank. 
The Issuer may replace the Reserve Account with a liquidity facility of an equivalent size. This liquidity 
facility will be subject to confirmation that the credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating 
Agencies will not be reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and in any case the relevant 
liquidity facility provider’s credit rating shall meet the minimum rating required by law (currently, “A-“).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
REPURCHASE COMMITMENT 
If the repurchase commitment is specified as applicable in the Final Terms relating to a particular Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase such Series of 
Covered Bonds on its Repurchase Date at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount 
as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms of such particular Series 
of Covered Bonds (the “Repurchase Price”), if so requested by any holders of such Series which are 
Qualified Investors and subject to such Series of Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to ten Business 
Days after the Maturity Date (the “Repurchase Commitment”). 
The Repurchase Commitment shall be provided at the Issue Date in a letter issued to the benefit of the 
holders of certain Series of Covered Bonds, which will be acknowledged on behalf of all such holders by 
the Common Representative, in the form attached hereto. For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment 
creates only obligations on the Issuer and no liability whatsoever shall attach to the Common 
Representative as a result of having acknowledged this document. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, 
accordingly, non-compliance by the Issuer with the Repurchase Commitment will not constitute an event 
of default under the Terms and Conditions. The Repurchase Commitment is a senior unsecured obligation 
of the Issuer and noncompliance by the Issuer with this undertaking will, nonetheless, constitute a default 
in respect of the Issuer’s senior unsecured obligations vis-à-vis the Qualified Investors holding the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds who have exercised their right to request the Issuer to buy the relevant Covered 
Bonds. Such Qualified Investors holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will have recourse to the 
general legal remedies applicable to breach of obligations under Portuguese Law. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a breach of the Repurchase Commitment will not in itself result in an acceleration of the Covered 
Bonds or a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
The right of the Qualified Investors holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds to request the Issuer to 
buy the Covered Bonds they hold pursuant to the Repurchase Commitment shall be exercised individually 
by each Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, by delivering to the Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa through which it holds the Covered Bonds a written notice, in the form available 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent or in another form accepted by such Affiliate Member of 
Interbolsa for such purpose (a “Repurchase Notice”), no less than 10 (ten) and no more than 60 (sixty) 
days after the Maturity Date. Each such Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series of the Covered 
Bonds shall so submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for the 
transfer of its Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable Repurchase Price (in the 
form and according to the procedures of Interbolsa). Such Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds shall also represent and warrant (in the Repurchase Notice), as a condition for exercising 
its repurchase request, its capacity as a Qualified Investor (as defined below). If Qualified Investors hold 
the Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise indirectly), they shall 
comply with the applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of this commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean any qualified 
investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws (including Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer of securities can be lawfully made under 
circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. For the sake of 
clarity, holders who are not Qualified Investors will not be eligible for this Repurchase Commitment. 
For purposes of this commitment, Repurchase Date will be the date which falls on the 90th (ninetieth) 
day after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law. The courts of Lisbon shall have

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase 
Commitment (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said 
document). 
 
From:  
 
 
 
 
 
To: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,  
 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
caixa económica bancária, S.A.   
 
 
[Address] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Address] 
(the “Issuer”)   
 
 
 
 
(the “Common Representative”) 
 
 
 
[Lisbon], [Date]3 
 
 
Ref.: €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme – Repurchase Commitment 
– Series with ISIN no. [●] 
 
Dear Sirs, 
We make reference to our €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme and the 
Covered Bonds issued thereunder with ISIN no. [●] (hereinafter, the “Series”) and hereby commit to 
repurchase the Covered Bonds of the Series in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 17 November 2022 approved in connection with this Programme and the Final 
Terms of the Series.  
Accordingly, we irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase the Covered Bonds of the Series 
on its Repurchase Date [at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount as specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms] (the “Repurchase Price”), if so 
requested by any holders of the Series which are Qualified Investors and subject to this Series of Covered 
Bonds not being redeemed up to 10 (ten) Business Days after the Maturity Date (the “Repurchase 
Commitment”). 
The right of Qualified Investors holding Covered Bonds of the Series to request the Issuer to buy the 
Covered Bonds they hold pursuant to this Issuer’s undertaking shall be exercised individually by each 
Qualified Investor, by delivering to the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa through which it holds the Covered 
Bonds a written notice, in the form available from any specified office of any Paying Agent or in another 
form accepted by such Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for such purpose (a “Repurchase Notice”), no less 
than 10 (ten) and no more than 60 (sixty) days after the Maturity Date. Each such Qualified Investor 
holding Covered Bonds of the Series shall submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa for the transfer of its Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable 
Repurchase Price (in the form and according to the procedures of Interbolsa). Such Qualified Investor 
holding Covered Bond of the Series shall, as a condition for exercising its repurchase request, represent 
 
3 Note: to be dated the same date as the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
and warrant (in the Repurchase Notice) its capacity as Qualified Investor (as defined herein). If Qualified 
Investors hold the Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise 
indirectly), they shall comply with the applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of the Repurchase Commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean 
any qualified investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código 
dos Valores Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws 
(including Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer of securities can be 
lawfully made under circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. 
For the sake of clarity, holders who are not Qualified Investors will not be eligible for this Repurchase 
Commitment. 
For purposes of this the Repurchase Commitment, Repurchase Date shall be the date which falls on the 
90th (ninetieth) day after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. It 
will be an unsecured obligation of the Issuer only and, for the avoidance of doubt, it will not be secured 
by the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Repurchase 
Commitment will not constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions and will not in itself 
result in an acceleration of the Covered Bonds or a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
This Repurchase Commitment is provided solely for the benefit of Qualified Investors, while non-qualified 
investors should be aware that they will not benefit from this Repurchase Commitment. 
This Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law. The courts of Lisbon shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase 
Commitment (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said 
document). 
Terms and expressions used in this document and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed 
to them, directly or by reference, in the Base Prospectus referred to above. 
 
Best Regards, 
 
For and on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
Duly Authorised 
 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Duly Authorised 
 
We hereby acknowledge receipt of this document.  
For and on behalf of Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
 
___________________________ 
Name:

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Duly Authorised 
Duly Authorised 
 
For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment creates only obligations on the Issuer and no liability 
whatsoever shall attach to the Common Representative as a result of having acknowledged this 
document.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Legal and Commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. and its 
most frequent commercial name is “Banco Montepio”. 
Incorporation, registration, legal form, head office and contacts of the Issuer, legislation that governs 
the Issuer’s activity and website of the Issuer 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade 
anónima) incorporated under the laws of Portugal with a registered and fully paid up share capital as at 
31 December 2021 of €2,420,000,000, represented by 2,420,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value 
of €1 each, and registered in the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole registration and 
taxpayer number 500 792 615. Banco Montepio’s registered address is at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066, in 
Lisbon, Portugal, and the telephone number of its registered office is +351 213 248 000.  
The Issuer was registered by deed on 24 March 1844 for an indefinite period. The Issuer is a credit 
institution whose activities are regulated by the RGICSF and is subject to the Portuguese Companies Code 
(approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as amended). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. The information on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Introduction to Banco Montepio 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus Banco Montepio has a total share capital of €2,420,000,000, the 
majority of which (99.99 per cent.) is owned by its founder Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista 
(“MGAM”). MGAM and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as “MGAM 
Group”.  
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to MGAM into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of the Bank 
of Portugal. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal 
purposes are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 
601,606 mutual members (as at 31 December 2021), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. 
The welfare schemes MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death 
grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for 
young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of 
organisations in the health and welfare sectors. Other activities include the organisation of members’ social 
functions, publication of a members’ magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the 
awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
Banco Montepio is a credit institution, authorised to operate as a full service savings bank (caixa 
económica bancária), to pursue all the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As at 31 December 
2021, it ranked seventh in the Portuguese banking system on the basis of total net assets (source: 
Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). 
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to “Banco Montepio” but its legal name remains 
the same (Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand 
represents an evolution in the identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: that of an independent

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Portuguese bank focused on Portuguese families, corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, 
mutual societies, associations and foundations carrying out a set of business and economic activities, 
within the private sphere, in order to promote general economic and/or social interests). By changing its 
brand name, the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the general public and its clients the distinction 
between Banco Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition to the change of the brand name, 
Banco Montepio also changed its commercial logo and brand colours. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Articles of Association and with the provisions of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais). MGAM, as the majority holder of the 
Issuer’s share capital (99.99 per cent.) is the majority holder of voting rights in Banco Montepio and its 
rights are governed by and subject to Banco Montepio’s Articles of Association and Portuguese Law. 
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. 
holding. Banco Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group 
structure chart below. These entities complement Banco Montepio’s financial products and services and 
contribute via their earnings to the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) and, as well 
as promoting high ethical standards and principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these entities not 
only offer a broad and diversified range of banking and financial products and services, but also contribute 
with their earnings to the shareholders’ social and welfare-related goals. 
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following two domestic entities: 
Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. and Montepio Investimento, S.A. ("Banco Bem"). 
Each of these companies are wholly owned by Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. (“Montepio Holding”) 
(previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco Montepio. For further 
information, please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Outline of the performance of the Banco 
International Activity
Domestic Activity
Complementary services and other 
participations
(% of capital share)
100%
100%
80.2%
100%
100%
100%
27.5%
20%
18%
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A.
Banco MG 
– Cabo 
Verde, 
Sociedade 
Unipessoal, 
S.A. (under 
liquidation) 
Finibanco 
Angola, 
S.A.
Montepio 
Crédito, 
Instituição 
Financeira 
de Crédito, 
S.A.
Montepio 
Investimen
to, S.A.
SSA 
GIncentive, 
Sociedade de 
Serviços 
Auxiliares e 
Gestão de 
Imóveis, S.A.
MGAI, 
Montepio 
Gestão de 
Ativos 
Imobiliário
s, ACE
HTA, 
Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação 
dos 
Açores, 
S.A.
Cesource, 
ACE
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,
caixa económica bancária, S.A.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Montepio Group's domestic companies". 
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, 
Turismo e Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector), in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, ACE (a 
complementary company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage MGAM 
Group´s real estate more efficiently), and in Cesource, ACE (a complementary company group 
(Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to provide specialised services in the area of IT 
technologies to improve the conditions and the management of the resources and the results of the 
economic activities of the members of this complementary company group), whose accounts are 
consolidated by the equity method, as well as a 100 per cent. capital participation in SSAGIncentive - 
Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. (Real Estate sector) fully owned by Montepio 
Holding. At an international level, within the scope of the strategic redefinition of international holdings, 
on 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed 
to the sale of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. (in which the Banco Montepio 
Group had control with an effective participation of 80.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021) to Access 
Bank Plc. Furthermore, due to the new legal framework in Cape Verde and taking into consideration all 
the relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors chose not to promote the changes 
required to adapt its subsidiary Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde as a bank with generic authorisation, 
having approved the implementation of the procedural initiatives envisaged in the law with a view to its 
voluntary winding up and liquidation. For further information, please refer to the section “- International 
Activity”.  
Following the aim of the Board of Directors to simplify the corporate structure of the Banco Montepio 
Group and the provisions of IFRS 5, the operations of Banco Montepio's subsidiaries (Banco MG Cabo 
Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. (under liquidation) and Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A.) were considered 
discontinued operations for the purposes of its financial accounts as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021, and were accounted in the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as "Non-current assets 
held for sale - discontinued operations" or "Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations", 
as applicable, and in its income statement as "Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations". 
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose 
entities and investment funds: 
• 
Valor Arrendamento – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) fully 
owned by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and 
• 
Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real 
Estate Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
For more information please see note 59 (Subsidiary and associated companies) to the Annual Report 
2021. 
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group’s business strategy, 
as it uses its nationwide branch network comprising 261 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2021 
(298 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2020). Banco Montepio’s commercial network is further 
complemented by a network of electronic channels, together with its presence in various overseas 
Portuguese communities (including five representative offices outside of Portugal). Banco Montepio is 
also present in Angola, through Finibanco Angola with a retail network of 20 branches as at 31 December

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
2021 (24 branches as at 31 December 2020). For further information, please refer to the section “- 
International Activity”. 
Banco Montepio is a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the 
Lisbon Commercial Registry Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 
500 792 615 and is domiciled in Portugal, having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, 
Portugal, with telephone number +351 213 248 000. 
History 
In 1840, Francisco Manuel Alvares Botelho established Montepio dos Empregados Públicos, a mutual 
benefit association intended to assist its members through periods of unforeseen financial hardship, 
caused by illness, disability or death. Its name was changed twice, firstly to Montepio Geral, Associação 
de Socorros Mútuos and, in 1844, to Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista, the name that MGAM still 
bears today. 
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral on 23 April 1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. 
MGAM and its subsidiaries and affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management 
products from Banco Montepio’s branches throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a 
division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, the two organisations had become separate legal entities. In 
accordance with Decree- Law 460/77, of 7 November 1977 ( as last amended by Decree- Law 
391/2007, of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a “collective person of public interest”. 
In order to broaden the offer of financial services to its customer base, in 1986, MGAM decided to found 
Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (“Lusitania”). Lusitania is a general insurance company whose 
products are sold through Banco Montepio’s branches and through its own network. Lusitania Vida, 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (“Lusitania Vida”), which offers life insurance products, was incorporated 
in 1987. 
Pursuing its strategy of broadening its commercial offer and the diversification of its income sources, in 
1988, MGAM established Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. (“Futuro”), enabling 
the MGAM Group to expand into the pension fund management business. 
As part of its investment management business, the MGAM Group holds Montepio Gestão de Activos, 
S.A., a company specialised in the management of mutual funds and wealth management, and Montepio 
Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, ACE, specialised in the management of real estate. 
In 1995, Banco Montepio acquired certain limited assets and liabilities from a small savings bank in the 
Azores, Caixa Económica Açoreana. S.A. This acquisition allowed Banco Montepio to establish its 
presence in the Autonomous Region of Azores. 
Additionally, in January 1997, Banco Montepio acquired certain assets and liabilities of another small 
savings bank, Caixa Económica Comercial e Industrial (“CECI”). In 2009, Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, 
S.A. acquired the insurance companies Real and Mutuamar, doubling its market share in the real insurance 
business, thereby achieving a market share in line with the MGAM Group’s objectives. 
In 2010, MGAM acquired the whole of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. through a friendly public takeover 
bid. The main goals of the transaction were the expansion of the MGAM Group’s mutualism activities and 
the diversification of its business activities. 
In order to take the necessary steps to achieve consolidation, on 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio 
acquired from MGAM, through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of the share capital and of the 
voting rights of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, indirectly, all of the 
share capital and the voting rights of Finibanco, S.A. (“Finibanco”, now Montepio Investimento, S.A.), as

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
well as those of Finicrédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and those of Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now 
Montepio Valor – SGOIC, S.A.). 
Finibanco Holding. SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Portuguese financial group “Finibanco” (the 
“Finibanco Group”), comprised a number of subsidiaries which included, among others, a bank 
(Finibanco), an Angolan bank (Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution (Finicrédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and an asset management company (Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos 
Mobiliários, S.A.).  
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share 
capital and the voting rights of Finibanco Angola. As a result of these acquisitions, Banco Montepio’s 
consolidated supervision perimeter now encompasses all the aforementioned companies. 
As at December 2013, in the context of its restructuring, the MGAM Group undertook a reorganisation of 
its financial investments associated with the insurance and pension sectors. In this context, on 27 
December 2013 Montepio Seguros, S.G.P.S., S.A. (“Montepio Seguros”) was created in order to manage 
the equity of such sectors. Banco Montepio sold the shares directly held in Futuro, Lusitania Vida and 
Lusitania to Montepio Seguros. Additionally, Banco Montepio acquired 33.65 per cent. of the capital of 
Montepio Seguros. On 30 December 2015, Banco Montepio sold its shareholding in Montepio Seguros. 
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio’s capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 
November 2013, Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer (“IPO”) of €200 million participation 
units (Unidades de Participação) representative of its participation fund (Fundo de Participação) 
(“Participation Fund”). On 17 December 2013, the securities were admitted to listing on Euronext Lisbon 
after the Regulated Market Special Session. 
On 2 December 2014, Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A. acquired a stake of 44.6 per cent. in BTM's share 
capital, acquiring management control following an agreement with the remaining shareholders of the 
bank (Rabobank, based in the Netherlands, holding identical equity participation as the Banco Montepio 
Group; Norfund, also known as the Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries, with an equity 
participation of 8.4 per cent.; and GAPI-SI, S.A., a financial institution that has the aim of contributing to 
economic and social development of Mozambique, with an equity participation of 2.5 per cent.).  
On 10 October 2015, the Savings Banks Act, entered into force, which classified savings banks (caixas 
económicas) with assets equal to or greater than €50 million as full service savings banks (caixas 
económicas bancárias) (as opposed to affiliated savings banks (caixas económicas anexas)) and required 
such banks to adopt the form of public limited liability companies (sociedades anónimas).  
The Savings Banks Act further determines that only mutual associations (associações mutualistas), 
charities (misericórdias) or other charitable institutions can hold the majority of the capital or the voting 
rights in a savings bank (caixa económica bancária).  
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following 
the enforcement of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of the Bank of Portugal pursuant to paragraph 
2 of the Savings Bank Act (which provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by the Bank of 
Portugal, full service savings banks already in existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation 
shall not be automatically required to arrange for their conversion into public limited liability companies). 
An Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened for 22 November 2016, to deliberate 
on the transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the consequent 
amendment of its Articles of Association. 
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio 
into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The 
project for the amended Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
reconsideration of some matters depending on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the 
supervising authorities. As knowledge of any such recommendations or decisions was key to the 
conclusion of the matters being discussed the session was suspended until 13 December 2016. 
The Extraordinary General Meeting was resumed on 13 December 2016 and on 4 April 2017 in order to 
approve all the required procedures regarding the transformation into a public limited liability company. 
The effectiveness of such resolutions was conditional on (i) ratification by the General Meeting of MGAM, 
to be held no later than 9 May 2017; and (ii) their respective registration. Upon these conditions being 
met, Banco Montepio’s capital should be represented in full by ordinary shares. These two conditions 
were met respectively on 9 May 2017 and 14 September 2017. Consequently, as at 31 December 2021, 
Banco Montepio’s total share capital, in the amount of €2,420,000,000 was fully represented by ordinary 
shares. 
In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in BTM, reducing its 
international branches by 10. For further information, please refer to section “- International Activity”. 
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco Empresas 
Montepio. This new project aims to bring together Banco Empresas Montepio's corporate banking and 
investment banking in one entity, presenting an integrated offering in the areas of corporate finance, debt 
and equity capital markets, advisory, structured finance, equity and debt distribution along with lending 
services.  
On 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives 
established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo 
Verde Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. For further information, please refer to the section "International 
Activity". 
In December 2021, Banco Montepio sold 100 per cent. of its capital and voting rights in Montepio Valor - 
SGOIC, S.A. to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista, which simplified the corporate structure of Banco 
Montepio Group in line with its strategy.  
On 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed 
to the sale of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. to Access Bank Plc, a commercial 
bank based in Lagos, Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African continent. For further information, 
please refer to the section “International Activity”. 
Strategy 
The Issuer’s strategic plan aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance 
of liquidity levels above minimum regulatory requirements. The Strategy prioritises the increase of core 
net operating income, capital management, risk management reinforcement, business efficiency, liquidity 
management, human resources management and corporate governance. 
The Board of Directors are committed to enhancing the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of Banco 
Montepio's business model so that it meets current demanding customer requirements. 
The Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and 
establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and 
long term (“Transformation Plan”). 
The Transformation Plan implementation commenced in 2019 and is expected to be fully implemented by 
2024. The Transformation Plan has a 5 year timeline with an intention to establish new ways of working 
that would create positive results, making the Issuer more competitive, efficient and digital, with a focus 
on the quality of service provided to the customer.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
The Transformation Plan defines the vision and business goals of the Issuer for the medium and long-term, 
aimed at:  
• 
evolving Banco Montepio's business model so that it is economically viable in the long term and 
creates additional value for the shareholder. The business model should maintain the appropriate 
safety margins on internal and regulatory prudential limits, a solid short-term liquidity position and 
a suitable balance sheet structure in the medium and long term;  
• 
strengthening Banco Montepio's position as a reference financial institution, by supporting the 
social economy, working among segments of the population that are least benefited by banking 
services;  
• 
developing new value propositions and service models, affirming itself as a reference bank for small 
and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and for the different segments of individual Customers;  
• 
increasing the efficiency and efficacy of the commercial, service and group support structures, using 
new technologies and new ways of working;  
• 
strengthening Banco Montepio's strategic pillar as a “banking system of relations and proximity” 
both for individuals and corporations, enabling it to affirm itself as a modern institution based on 
traditional values, adjusting its product and service offer and the channels used to the different 
Customer segments; and 
• 
reinforcing the quality of the assets provided, focusing on the sustained improvement of credit 
quality ratios and the continuous reduction of concentration of risk in the construction and real 
estate development sectors.  
Its development is based on 4 pillars – Business, Strengthening of the Balance Sheet, Organisation and 
Support – which are reflected in the 12 macro initiatives, with a detailed implementation schedule for 411 
measures involving a multidisciplinary team of more than 100 people who are responsible for their 
implementation and control. 
The business model of the banking industry has been undergoing significant changes as a result of the 
impact of technology on customer behaviour and the emergence of new participants in the industry. The 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have accelerated these structural developments, resulting in a 
reassessment and adjustment of the Transformation Plan. 
Taking into account the current circumstances and future uncertainties, and the challenges facing Banco 
Montepio, the banking sector and the Portuguese economy, the adjustment process at Banco Montepio 
became more urgent and the Board reassessed the objectives and measures set out in the Transformation 
Plan and adopted a multi-dimensional and multi-annual adjustment programme. 
Pursuant to this adjustment plan, Banco Montepio's strategy and business targets for the medium and 
long term have been revised in order to make Banco Montepio an efficient and profitable bank at the 
service of Portuguese households and companies, and social economy institutions, shareholders and 
other stakeholders through the implementation of four main strategic pillars: business model review; 
operational adjustment; capital maintenance; and group simplification. 
The business model review pillar focuses on strengthening customer oriented banking services and 
proximity relationship enhancement; reinforcement of funding to the economy, supporting households 
and the SMEs financial needs, the latter through the Portuguese State’s available guaranteed credit lines; 
and developing distribution capacity and complementary margin in order to recovering profitability of 
Banco Montepio's domestic operations. 
Operational adjustment is focused on accelerating Banco Montepio's digital transition by adopting market 
standard best practices, both in terms of customer experience and operational efficiency. In order to

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
optimise the range of distribution channels, Banco Montepio closed 37 branches in 2021 and 39 branches 
in 2020 on the basis of geographic need, profitability and market size, without jeopardising the adequate 
coverage of the customer base, and is planning to close an additional four branches in 2022. 
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has brought about various changes in the operation and organisation 
of teams as a result of remote-working. As a result of the evolution of the banking sector, the impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and the need for a sustainable business model, Banco Montepio implemented a 
voluntary programme for early retirement and voluntary redundancies (the "2020/2021 Programme"). 
The 2020/2021 Programme's measures included a set of benefits such as health and unemployment 
protection for employees who voluntarily joined the 2020/2021 Programme. In addition, in order to 
provide the best conditions and support to employees who wish to join the 2020/2021 Programme, the 
Ministry of Labour, Solidarity and Social Security authorised the extension of the quota for eligibility for 
social protection in unemployment to 400 employees. 
Banco Montepio is consulting with its social partners and employee representatives as part of an informed 
and transparent process. Subject to those consultations and various other factors, Banco Montepio is 
targeting a reduction in the number of employees of around 800 in a multi-year programme. By the end 
of 2021, 402 employees (190 retirements and 212 voluntary redundancies) had adhered to the 2020/2021 
Programme, leading already to a significant reduction of the workforce in 2020 and 2021. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above targets regarding Banco Montepio’s branches and employees 
adjustment may not be achieved. 
In terms of Capital Maintenance, Banco Montepio will seek to improve its capital ratios by adopting various 
measures, including the following: reducing its RWA by having a more focused loan and securities 
portfolio; and deleveraging its balance sheet through the divestment of non-core assets. 
In terms of simplifying Banco Montepio Group's structure, the adjustment plan is targeted at disposing of 
shareholdings in the national and international markets, as well as modernising and streamlining the 
Group's internal procedures. In this context, reference should be made to the sale of the shareholdings in 
Monteiro Aranha S.A., in March 2021, and in Almina Holding S.A., in June 2021, and in Montepio Valor - 
SGOIC, S.A., in 30 December 2021. At the same time, the Board of Directors of Banco Montepio concluded 
that it would not promote the necessary changes to the adaptation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, 
Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., as a bank with generic authorisation, which is also a subsidiary that has been 
in the process of voluntary winding up and liquidation since 30 November 2021. On 4 October 2022, Banco 
Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale of the stake held 
in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A., to Access Bank Plc. (for further information, please refer to 
the section “International Activity”). 
In line with the simplification of Banco Montepio Group's activity and operations, its operating and 
customer service model is being adjusted, namely to (i) strengthen the business model, reinforcing the 
focus on products with greater added value for the Customer; (ii) accelerate its digital transition, both in 
internal processes and in Customer relationship platforms; (iii) increase efficiency, namely through 
reviewing internal processes and regulations; (iv) adjust the distribution model by merging geographically 
redundant branches; and (v) implement new concepts and new ways of working, enhancing collaboration 
and flexibility and promoting a better balance between personal and professional life. 
The operations and customer service model are being adjusted with an aim to improve Banco Montepio's 
efficiency ratios to align it with the Portuguese banking sector. In 2021, Banco Montepio maintained its 
automation and re-engineering processes, made progress in advanced analytics with the launch of a new 
data platform to support data driven processes, implemented more advanced cybersecurity models and 
accelerated the implementation of native cloud architecture models. Throughout 2021 Banco Montepio 
developed a set of initiatives aimed at improving the customer experience, namely to increase their 
efficiency and effectiveness in their interaction with Banco Montepio, while contributing to a more

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
sustainable environment. Among these initiatives, Banco Montepio highlights the migration of Customers 
who had physical mail as their preferred communication method to digital mail, which reduced the volume 
of paper communications by 81 per cent., in addition to the discontinuation of the physical matrix card 
with the codes to access to Net24 and the development of the App "APPré-pago" to check the balances 
and movements of the Bank's pre-paid cards, enabling their holders to access information without having 
to go to an ATM.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions 
In order to accelerate Banco Montepio's innovation and automation strategy, in the first quarter of 2019 
Banco Montepio established a partnership with IBM to introduce artificial intelligence and cognitive 
technology tools (known as "Cognitive Process Automation") as part of its programme to introduce digital 
transformation and to optimise customer experience and business processes. Banco Montepio has 
introduced to its customers M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio's Automated Real-time Interaction Assistant), a voice-
answering virtual agent which operates using artificial intelligence. M.A.R.I.A is able to carry out virtual 
conversations with customers to resolve calls without the need to resort to a human operator. 
In 2021, M.A.R.I.A. continued to progressively expand its customer service capacity and its ability to 
understand Customers' intentions, improving contact execution and providing Customers with a more 
empathetic and personalised experience, contributing to a gradual increase in trust in Banco Montepio. 
M.A.R.I.A. began by activating debit and credit cards, rapidly moving on to receiving orders for balance 
and movement enquiries (accounts and cards), transfers between Banco Montepio's accounts, interbank 
transfers and immediate transfers. At the end of 2021, M.A.R.I.A. recorded a customer service satisfaction 
score of 82 per cent., which was slightly higher than at the end of 2020. 
Current Activities 
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core 
business focused on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad. 
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and 
services, such as mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment 
management services and the provision of credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers’ financial 
needs. As a comprehensive and diversified group, it provides its retail and corporate customers (the latter 
of which mainly consists of SMEs and middle market companies) with a universal offer of complementary 
products and services through its domestic distribution network. 
The Issuer has also been offering international transactions to its Portuguese customers, particularly by 
way of the provision of foreign currency, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on 
attracting deposits from non-resident Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group 
currently has five representative offices in Paris, Toronto, Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark.  
Analysis of Issuer’s financial performance 
2021 consolidated activity and results (audited)  
Banco Montepio has been carrying out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation 
of an economically sustainable business model, in order to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and 
enable the organic growth of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continues to 
deleverage its balance sheet, which resulted in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real 
estate exposures. In addition, the Issuer's liquidity position was strengthened by attracting and retaining 
customer deposits and actively managing its securities portfolio to meet regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and deposits 
to credit institutions payable on demand and Other 
loans and advances to credit institutions ............  
1,793 
3,264 
1,472 
82.1 
Loans and advances to customers .......................  
11,578 
11,668 
90 
0.8 
Securities portfolio and other financial assets* ..  
3,013 
3,339 
325 
10.8 
Non current assets held for sale and Investment 
Properties ............................................................  
131 
142 
10 
7.9 
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ...........................................................  
1 
0 
(1) 
(67.2) 
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets .........  
500 
467 
(33) 
(6.6) 
Other ...................................................................  
925 
834 
(91) 
(9.8) 
Total assets .........................................................  
17,941 
19,713 
1,772 
9.9 
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from other 
credit institutions ................................................  
2,203 
3,457 
1,254 
56.9 
Deposits from customers ....................................  
12,502 
12,787 
285 
2.3 
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt
 ............................................................................  
1,516 
1,834 
318 
21.0 
Non current liabilities held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ...........................................................  
110 
0 
(109) 
(99.7) 
Other ...................................................................  
283 
271 
(12) 
(4.2) 
Total liabilities ....................................................  
16,614 
18,350 
1,736 
10.5 
Share capital ........................................................  
2,420 
2,420 
0 
0.0 
Legal reserve, Fair value reserves, Other reserves and 
Retained earnings and Non-controlling Interests  
(1,012) 
(1,063) 
(51) 
(5.1) 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to 
the Shareholders .................................................  
(81) 
7 
87 
(108.1) 
Total Shareholder's equity .................................  
1,327 
1,363 
36 
2.7 
Total liabilities and Shareholder's equity ...........  
17,941 
19,713 
1,772 
9.9 
* 
Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of Principal 
and Interest). 
 
Capital 
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented a set of measures aimed at improving capital ratios, namely 
through the reduction of RWA, focusing on the deleveraging of its balance sheet through divestment in 
non-performing or non-strategic assets, and on the growth of its core business of lending in segments with 
lower risk, with the logic of maximising return on capital. 
In this regard, the reduction of non-strategic assets achieved in 2021 through the sale of the shareholdings 
held in the companies Monteiro Aranha, S.A. (10.3 per cent. of the share capital), in March 2021, and in 
Almina Holding, S.A. (19.0 per cent. of the share capital), in June 2021, contributed to the favourable 
reduction in RWA in relation to the previous year. Additionally, at the end of the year, Banco Montepio 
sold a portfolio of non-performing loans (known as the "Gerês operation"), with a positive impact of 3 b.p. 
on capital ratios in 2021, and concluded a consumer STS securitisation (Pelican Finance No.2), jointly 
originated by Banco Montepio and Montepio Crédito, a measure included in its capital plan and which 
proved important in reducing RWA, with an overall impact on capital ratios of approximately 40 b.p. 
As at 31 December 2021, RWA decreased by €777 million in comparison to 31 December 2020, as a result 
of the reduction of non-strategic assets, particularly its stock of NPL and real estate assets despite the 
adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. This reduction was also due to the efficient risk allocation in the 
loans and debt securities portfolios.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Total own funds amounted to €1,328 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €1,321 million as at 
31 December 2020, reflecting the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the regulatory 
deductions as a result of the IFRS 9 phasing-in, which were fully offset by the 2021 positive net income, 
with an impact on the reduction of deferred tax assets, and by the actuarial deviations determined at the 
pension fund liabilities. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, 
pursuant to the phasing-in rules, reached 12.7 per cent. and 15.1 per cent., respectively, compared to 11.6 
per cent. and 13.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.  
On a fully implemented basis, as at 31 December 2021, the CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent. and the Total 
Capital ratio was 14.2 per cent.. The difference between the fully implemented capital ratios and the 
phasing-in capital ratios was due to IFRS 9 phasing-in. As at 31 December 2019, the Issuer had completed 
the implementation of the deferred tax regime, and is only subject to completing the transition to IFRS 9. 
Furthermore, Banco Montepio has endorsed the prudential filter relating to the fair-value reserves of 
public debt, the impact of which is negligible. 
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, amounted to 5.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 
compared to 6.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, which is above the minimum benchmark defined by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (3 per cent.).  
In accordance with the provisions in force on 31 December 2021, the Overall Capital Requirements (OCR), 
which include the combined buffer requirements, were 9.02 per cent, 11.13 per cent. and 13.94 per cent 
for Common Equity tier 1, Tier 1 and Total Capital, respectively. As of 31 December 2021, the capital ratios 
reported by Banco Montepio were above the required prudential levels, with significant buffers in relation 
to the OCR, including the combined buffer requirements, not only under the phasing in criteria, but also 
on a fully implemented basis. Notwithstanding, the Board of Directors remains committed to the 
reinforcement of capital ratios and will maintain a set of initiatives to this end (such as the continuous 
reduction of the NPE and real estate assets exposure). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's own funds and capital ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total own funds (€ millions) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
1,114 
1,122 
8 
0.7 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
1,114 
1,122 
8 
0.7 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
1,321 
1,328 
7 
0.6 
Risk-weighted assets .......................................................  
9,577 
8,800 
(777) 
(8.1) 
Phasing-in ratios ..............................................................  
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
11.6% 
12.7% 
110 
bp 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
11.6% 
12.7% 
110 
bp 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
13.8% 
15.1% 
130 
bp 
Fully implemented ratios ................................................  
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
10.1% 
11.8% 
170 
bp 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
10.1% 
11.8% 
170 
bp 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
12.3% 
14.2% 
190 
bp 
Leverage ratios ................................................................  
Phasing-In .........................................................................  
6.0% 
5.6% 
(40) 
bp 
Fully implemented ...........................................................  
5.2% 
5.1% 
(10) 
bp

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The table below sets out a summary of the Issuer’s capital requirements as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021, under phasing-in: 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
(€ thousand) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
Share capital 
2,420,000 
2,420,000 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair 
value reserves and other reserves and retained earnings 
(1,102,140) 
(1,069,770) 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
3,064 
4,007 
Other regulatory adjustments 
(206,736) 
(232,716) 
1,114,188 
1,121,521 
Tier 1 Capital 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
225 
199 
1,114,413 
1,121,720 
Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated debt 
206,323 
206,323 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
225 
199 
206,548 
206,522 
Total own funds 
1,320,961 
1,328,242 
Own funds' requirements 
Credit risk 
667,306 
606,992 
Market risk 
4,402 
0 
Operational risk 
55,046 
50,841 
Other requirements 
39,401 
46,165 
766,155 
703,998 
Prudential ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
11.6% 
12.7% 
Tier 1 ratio 
11.6% 
12.7% 
Total Capital ratio 
13.8% 
15.1% 
 
Customers' resources 
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has developed a series of initiatives aimed at targeting new and retaining 
current, customer resources, under its liquidity risk management strategy.  
Total customers' resources amounted to €14,041 million as at 31 December 2021, of which €12,996 million 
correspond to total on-balance customers' resources, with 98.4 per cent. referring to deposits from 
customers.  
As at 31 December 2021, Deposits from customers amounted to €12,787 million, predominantly made up 
of individual customers deposits representing 76.4 per cent. of total deposits.  
In 2021 and notwithstanding the combination of historically low levels of interest rates and reduction in 
economic activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, deposits from customers increased €285 million 
in comparison with 2020, with term deposits falling by €662 million and sight deposits increasing by € 946 
million. The deposits from customers maintained the increase in sight deposits/term deposits mix, which 
was 50 per cent./50 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 41 per cent./59 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020). 
As at 31 December 2021, Securities placed with customers amounted to €209 million, compared to €210 
million as at 31 December 2020.  
Off-balance sheet resources reached €1,045 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €844 million 
recorded as at 31 December 2020 (an increase of 23.8 per cent.). The increase was due to the increases

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
recorded in the Real Estate Investment Funds (+€127 million), in the Capitalisation insurance (+€30 
million), in the pension funds (+€27 million) and in the securities investment funds (+€17 million). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021. 
 
CUSTOMERS’ RESOURCES 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Deposits from customers .................................................  
12,502 
12,787 
285 
2.3 
Sight Deposits(1) .................................................................  
5,482 
6,428 
946 
17.3 
Term Deposits(2) ................................................................  
7,020 
6,359 
(662) 
(9.4) 
Securities placed with Customers .....................................  
210 
209 
(1) 
(0.7) 
Total On-Balance sheet resources ....................................  
12,712 
12,996 
284 
2.2 
Off-Balance sheet resources .............................................  
844 
1,045 
201 
23.8 
Total Customers' resources ..............................................  
13,556 
14,041 
485 
3.6 
(1) 
corresponds to Deposits repayable on demand and Other deposits 
(2) 
corresponds to corresponds to Term deposits and Saving accounts 
 
Issued Debt 
As at 31 December 2021, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt increased by 
€318 million (+21.0 per cent.) to stand at €1,834 million, compared to €1,516 million recorded as at 31 
December 2020, as a result of the increase recorded in Debt securities issued (+€ 317.9 million). The 
evolution observed in Debt securities issued is due to the increase of €324.3 million in securitisations 
related to performing consumer loans securitisation (Pelican Finance No. 2) jointly originated by Banco 
Montepio and Montepio Crédito, in an amount of €362 million, as partially off-set by the €6 million 
reduction in cash bonds (domestic) (-€3 million) and covered bonds (-€3 million). Other subordinated debt 
stood at €217 million in line with the amount recorded at 31 December 2020. 
Liquidity 
In 2021, Banco Montepio continued to promote management measures aimed at upholding the robust 
liquidity position, with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force. The management of Banco 
Montepio's balance sheet led to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) reaching 264.1 per cent. as at 31 
December 2021, having evolved favourably in relation to the ratio of 200.7 per cent. recorded as at 31 
December 2020, thus standing 164.1 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent.  
Additionally, the Issuer maintained a comfortable stable funding base, determined by the outlined funding 
structure, namely through recourse to medium and long-term instruments, which enabled the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio ("NSFR") to stand at 125.3 per cent., a significant reinforcement compared to the value of 
109.8 per cent. recorded on 31 December 2020. 
The performance of Deposits from customers and the growth of Loans and advances to customers led to 
a loan-to-deposit ratio (Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers), calculated in 
accordance with the Bank of Portugal Instruction no. 16/2004, of 91.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 
compared to 92.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.The table below sets out the Issuer's liquidity ratios 
as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
LOAN TO DEPOSITS RATIOS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 
2021/2020 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (a) .......  
92.6 
91.2 
(1.4) p.p. 
Loans and advances to customers / Total on-balance sheet customers' 
resources (b) ........................................................................................  
83.9 
81.0 
(2.9) p.p. 
(a) 
In compliance with Instruction of the Bank of Portugal 16/2004, as amended. 
(b) 
Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Deposits from customers and Debt securities issued, as published in the Financial 
Statements. 
The total value of the pool of eligible assets as at 31 December 2021 increased by €695 million as 
compared to 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the value of the pool of collateral for 
Eurosystem operations amounted to €3,808 million, compared to €3,113 million as at 31 December 2020. 
This increase in value of the pool of collateral was driven by the increase of eligible debt instruments due 
to market conditions given the short-term European sovereign debt bearing more negative interest rates 
than the negative 0.5 per cent. interest rate level of the remuneration of deposits with the Bank of 
Portugal, and to the inclusion of non-marketable assets. At the end of 2021, this pool included marketable 
assets, namely eligible debt instruments, amounting to €3,359 million, and non-marketable assets, such 
as eligible credit rights granted to Non-Financial Corporations and Public Sector Entities, namely bank 
loans and drawn credit lines, amounting to €449 million. Additionally, there was an increase of €1,506 
million in the deposits with the Bank of Portugal for the year ended 31 December 2021, amounting to 
€2,788 million, compared with the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The use of ECB resources as at 31 December 2021 increased by €1,550 million to €2,958 million compared 
to the amount as at 31 December 2020, within an efficient funding management, with a view to reinforcing 
stable funding, with a positive impact on the NSFR ratio. The use of Eurosystem monetary policy 
operations falls under the support given to the economy, with a view to optimising the long-term funding, 
namely through participation in Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations, in the context of the non-
conventional expansionary monetary policy measures implemented by the ECB. In terms of available 
collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets decreased by 50.1 per cent. to an amount 
of €850 million as at 31 December 2021, due to additional funding from the ECB raised under the TLTRO 
III operations for an amount of €1,555 million, in compliance with the approved funding strategy. 
Notwithstanding the reduction in the pool of eligible assets for the Eurosystem monetary policy, the 
liquidity buffer, derived from the sum of the Cash and deposits in central banks and the available liquidity 
resulting from the pool of ECB eligible assets, exceeded the €3 billion threshold at the end of 2021, 
therefore, contributing to the strengthening of the liquidity ratios and to the liquidity of the Issuer. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing operations with the ECB as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB 
 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Pool of eligible assets (a) ................................................... 
3,113 
3,808 
695 
22.33 
Use of the pool(b) ............................................................. 
1,408 
2,958 
1,550 
>100 
Pool of available assets .................................................. 
1,705 
850 
(855) 
(50.1) 
(a) 
Includes eligible assets, free of onus, for operations in the Collateralised Interbank Market. 
(b) 
Includes monetary policy operations and SICOI. These figures include also off-balance sheet items. 
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio had not borrowed or lent funds in the euro interbank money 
market, however in the foreign currency interbank money market, Banco Montepio had a lending position

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
of US$70 million. 
Asset Quality  
As at 31 December 2021, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to €12,189 million, 
representing a decrease of 1.4 per cent. compared to €12,357 million as at 31 December 2020. The 
decrease in Gross loans and advances compared to 31 December 2020 was due to the €281 million of 
write-offs and, additionally, to the NPL sales, notwithstanding Banco Montepio's commitment to 
supporting families, companies and social economy entities. 
In December 2021 a sale and purchase agreement was entered into in respect of a portfolio of non-
performing loans amounting to €253 million, which comprised on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
loans (Gerês Operation). The on balance sheet amount of NPLs sold was €133.6 million, of which €49 
million from an unsecured portfolio, derecognised in December 2021. The secured portion of the referred 
operation is disclosed in Non-current assets held for sale at the end of last year, with the respective 
financial settlement having already occurred at the end of March 2022. 
As at 31 December 2021, the individual lending segment, grew by €74 million, evidencing the effectiveness 
of the commercial strategy adopted at the end of 2020, with origination in mortgage lending reaching 
historic levels at Banco Montepio. Gross performing loans recorded a growth of €146 million in 
comparison to the end of 2020 (+1.3 per cent.), while non-performing loans recorded a decrease of €315 
million (-24.4 per cent.), fulfilling the deleveraging strategy in NPLs. 
The growth in the loan portfolio was achieved at the same time as the improvement in credit quality 
indicators, which benefited from a rigorous credit risk taking discipline, as well as from the measures that 
were approved and adopted in the credit monitoring and recovery areas. As a result of the measures 
implemented in 2021, the number of new loans that entered into default decreased by 43 per cent. and 
the related defaulted amount decreased by 73 per cent. in comparison to 2020. 
The growth in Gross loans and advances to customers was driven by an increase in loans to individuals 
which rose €74 million (+1.2 per cent.), which consisted of €49 million in mortgage loans (+0.9 per cent.) 
and €26 million in other loans (+3.5 per cent.). Banco Montepio's growth trajectory was also strongly 
impacted by the €241 million decrease in the corporate segment (- 4.0 per cent.) at the end of 2020, 
exacerbated by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. It should be noted, however, that the reduction 
in Banco Montepio's volume of corporate loans was largely attributable to the reduction in the amounts 
lent to the construction and real estate activities sector, thus reducing the heavy weight of this sector 
(from 25.5 per cent. in 2019 to 18.6 per cent. in 2021), and conferring greater balance to the sectoral 
distribution of credit (the weight of loans to manufacturing industries changed from approximately 16 per 
cent. in 2019 to a value practically equal to that of the construction and real estate activities sector in 
2021). 
Within the scope of Banco Montepio's adjustment programme, the improvement of credit quality is also 
based on a more effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising 
recoveries and by corporate finance solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of 
individuals, companies (especially small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)) and Social Economy 
entities. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan portfolio as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
 
(By sector of activity) 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Individuals ...................................................................... 
6,377 
6,451 
74 
1.2 
Housing loans .................................................................. 
5,636 
5,685 
49 
0.9 
Others ............................................................................. 
740 
766 
26 
3.5 
Corporate ........................................................................ 
5,980 
5,739 
(241) 
(4.0) 
Manufacturing industries ................................................ 
981 
1,031 
50 
5.1 
Wholesale and retail trade .............................................. 
915 
860 
(55) 
(6.0) 
Construction and Real estate activities ........................... 
1,363 
1,065 
(298) 
(21.9) 
Accommodation and catering activities .......................... 
533 
596 
63 
11.8 
Financial and insurance activities .................................... 
627 
493 
(134) 
(21.5) 
Transportation and storage ............................................. 
404 
393 
(11) 
(2.8) 
Business Services ............................................................. 
374 
367 
(7) 
(1.7) 
Other collective service activities .................................... 
303 
340 
37 
12.2 
Others ............................................................................. 
481 
594 
113 
23.7 
Gross loans and advances to customers ........................ 
12,357 
12,189 
(168) 
(1.4) 
Impairment for credit risks ............................................. 
780 
522 
(258) 
(33.1) 
Loans and advances to customers .................................. 
11,578 
11,668 
90 
0.8 
 
 
On 18 December 2020, Banco Montepio executed an operation that consisted in a synthetic securitisation 
structure, which is based on a portfolio of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SME) credits. The legal 
maturity date of the operation is 25 March 2036 and the respective amount was €358,661 thousand at 31 
December 2021 (31 December 2020: €415,315 thousand). Banco Montepio took two guarantees from EIB 
and EIF to protect the senior and mezzanine tranches of this synthetic securitisation, bearing a commission 
of 0.3 per cent. and 4.0 per cent., respectively with quarterly payments. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Loans and advances to customers included receivables assigned to the cover 
pool relating to Banco Montepio's covered bond programme, which totalled €2,747 million. This 
represented an increase from the €2,740 million registered as at 31 December 2020. Loans that were 
subject to securitisation and not derecognised on the balance sheet totalled €994 million, compared to 
€1,844 million as at 31 December 2020. 
At 31 December 2021, the credit granted by the Group to its shareholders and related parties amounted 
to €12,214 thousand (31 December 2020: €16,346 thousand). The execution of transactions between the 
Group and its shareholders or related natural or legal persons is always subject to deliberation and 
appreciation by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, under the terms of Article 20 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), at the proposal of the commercial network 
and supported by an analysis and opinion, issued by the Risk Division, on compliance with the limit 
established in Article 109 of the General Regime of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies. The 
amount of impairment for credit risk for these contracts amounts to €362 thousand at 31 December 2021 
(31 December 2020: €638 thousand). 
The COVID-19 pandemic made it more difficult to reduce non-performing loans by tightening market 
conditions for selling NPLs and reducing the ability of the non-financial private sector to service debt, 
making it more difficult to clear NPLs through cures. Despite these challenges, Banco Montepio reduced 
the weight of NPE to Total gross loans and advances to customers to 8.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 
(compared to 10.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). This was due to the decrease in NPEs to €975 million 
as at 31 December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020. The NPE ratio net of loan impairment stood at

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
3.7 per cent. at 31 December 2021, evolving favourably compared to the 4.1 per cent. recorded at the end 
of 2020. 
The Gerês operation had a favourable impact on Banco Montepio's NPE ratio, contributing to the 2.4 p.p. 
reduction, consolidating the strategy implemented by the Board of Directors of continuously reducing 
non-performing assets. 
In 2021, Banco Montepio reinforced the coverage of NPEs by impairment for credit risk and associated 
collateral and financial guarantees to 96.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, compared to 93.0 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2020, while the coverage by impairments for credit risks amounted to 53.5 per cent., 
compared to 60.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021. 
 
LOAN QUALITY INDICATORS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers ...................  
12,357 
12,189 
(168) 
(1.4) 
Past due loans and advances and interest - more 
than 90 days(*) ...........................................................  
627 
361 
(265) 
(42.3) 
Impairment for credit risks ........................................  
780 
522 
(258) 
(33.1) 
Ratios (%) 
Cost of credit risk ......................................................  
1.5 
0.4 
(1.1) 
p.p. 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days ...  
5.1 
3.0 
(2.1) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross loans 
and advances to customers .......................................  
10.4 
8.0 
(2.4) 
p.p. 
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans and advances to 
customers .................................................................  
6.6 
5.1 
(1.5) 
p.p. 
Coverage by Impairments for credit risks (%) 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days ...  
124.4 
144.4 
20.0 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) .........................................  
60.4 
53.5 
(6.9) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also including 
associated collaterals and financial guarantees (a) .....  
93.0 
96.0 
3.0 
p.p. 
(a) 
EBA definition. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's past due loans and advances and interest amount stood at €402.9 
million or 3.3 per cent. of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers, compared with €672.3 
million or 5.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. 
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 
by type of customer and purpose, is as follows: 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
(€ thousand) 
Corporate 
Construction/Production.......................................................................... 
136,990 
55,818 
Investment ............................................................................................... 
285,173 
190,187 
Working capital(1) ..................................................................................... 
144,853 
88,822 
Other 
22,743 
17,667 
Retail 
Mortgage loans ........................................................................................ 
45,058 
27,587 
Consumer credit ....................................................................................... 
22,322 
16,366 
Other ........................................................................................................ 
15,183 
6,475 
672,322 
402,922 
(1) 
corresponds to "Treasury"

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest as 
at 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2021: 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
(€ thousand) 
Past due loans and advances and interest 
Less than 90 days ..................................................................................... 
45,538 
41,504 
More than 90 days ................................................................................... 
626,784 
361,418 
672,322 
402,922 
In the context of Banco Montepio’s strategy of rebalancing its asset structure, Banco Montepio proceeded 
with the identification and implementation of measures aimed at improving the liquidity levels and active 
management of the Portfolio of securities and other instruments.  
As at 31 December 2021, the securities portfolio and other financial assets amounted to €3,339 million, 
compared to €3,013 million as at 31 December 2020. The evolution of the portfolio of securities and other 
instruments was due to the increase in the portfolio Other financial assets at amortised cost by €642 
million, influenced by the investment in public debt instruments, reflecting the execution of the funding 
strategy and application of liquidity. This increase was partially offset following the execution of the 
measures foreseen in the funding and capital plan related with the deleveraging of non-core assets, 
through the reduction of the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio 
by €163 million, as a result of the lower exposure in national and foreign equities (as a consequence of 
the sale of the positions held in Almina and Monteiro Aranha), as well as the decrease of the financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio by €143 million, derived from the reduction of 
participation units in investment funds and variable income securities, and, to a lesser extent, the 
reduction of the financial assets held for trading portfolio by €9 million, derived from the reduction of 
securities held for trading. 
In analysing the securities portfolio by type of instrument, there was a year-on-year increase of €574 
million in bonds and other debt instruments, which includes Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Greek public 
debt, that led to an increase of 10.8 per cent. in the portfolio of securities and other instruments as 
compared to 31 December 2020. 
As was the case at year-end 2020, the portfolio of securities and other instruments as at 31 December 
2021 was mostly comprised of bonds and other debt instruments, whose weight in the total portfolio 
increased to 93.0 per cent. In turn, the proportion of participation units and equities decreased to 5.7 per 
cent. and 0.8 per cent. of the portfolio, respectively. 
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group’s credit risk exposure as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021: 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
(€ thousand) 
Loans and payables at credit institutions payable on demand .........................  
33,660 
67,360 
Other loans and advances to credit institutions ...............................................  
293,004 
229,065 
Loans and advances to customers ....................................................................  
11,577,702 
11,667,688 
Financial assets held for trading .......................................................................  
10,452 
7,582 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ..........................................  
9,666 
9,768 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ...............  
168,058 
101,128 
Hedging derivatives ..........................................................................................  
10,693 
5,411 
Other financial assets at amortised cost ..........................................................  
2,362,616 
3,004,196 
Other assets .....................................................................................................  
48,103 
76,406 
Guarantees .......................................................................................................  
507,617 
479,831 
Irrevocable credit lines .....................................................................................  
721,300 
694,072 
Revocable credit lines ......................................................................................  
808,885 
845,581 
16,551,756 
17,188,088

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Earnings 
In 2021, a challenging year due to COVID-19, which led to a second lockdown in Portugal during the first 
quarter, Banco Montepio recorded a positive Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of €6.6 million compared to a negative €80.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The improvement in profitability reflects the reduction in operating costs, essentially costs with staff, 
compared to the previous year, reflecting not only lower restructuring costs but also a reduction in the 
cost of wages and other recurring costs, benefiting from the outcome of the operational adjustment 
programme, and the improvement in the cost of risk, highlighting the quality of credit origination in recent 
years, notwithstanding the moratoria expiry during 2021. 
The table below sets out certain the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021. 
 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net interest income (1) .................................................. 
242.8 
243.5 
0.7 
0.3 
Net fee and commission income (2) ................................ 
115.3 
116.3 
1.0 
0.9 
Core total operating income ((1)+(2)) ............................ 
358.1 
359.8 
1.7 
0.5 
Dividends from equity instruments ................................. 
3.1 
1.8 
(1.3) 
(41.0) 
Results from financial operations .................................... 
17.9 
10.8 
(7.1) 
(39.7) 
Other results(a) ................................................................. 
14.7 
6.6 
(8.1) 
(54.9) 
Total operating income (3) ............................................. 
393.7 
379.0 
(14.7) 
(3.7) 
Staff Costs ....................................................................... 
189.3 
164.2 
(25.1) 
(13.3) 
General and administrative expenses ............................. 
67.0 
64.7 
(2.3) 
(3.4) 
Depreciation and amortization ....................................... 
35.1 
35.3 
0.2 
0.5 
Operating costs (4) ......................................................... 
291.4 
264.1 
(27.2) 
(9.3) 
Operating costs, excluding specific impacts(b) ................ 
261.9 
249.4 
(12.5) 
(4.8) 
Net operating income before provisions and impairments 
((3)-(4)) ............................................................................ 
102.4 
114.9 
12.5 
12.2 
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit 
institutions (5) ................................................................. 
185.1 
54.3 
(130.8) 
(70.7) 
Impairment of other financial assets (6) ......................... 
12.2 
(0.2) 
(12.4) 
(101.8) 
Impairment of other assets (7) ........................................ 
19.5 
31.0 
11.6 
59.4 
Other provisions (8) ........................................................ 
4.1 
(4.6) 
(8.7) 
(213.4) 
Net provisions and impairments ((5)+(6)+(7)+(8)) ......... 
220.8 
80.5 
(140.3) 
(63.5) 
Share of profits/(losses) booked under the equity method
 ........................................................................................ 
(0.7) 
0.0 
0.7 
(100.4) 
Profit/(loss) before income tax ...................................... 
(119.1) 
34.4 
153.5 
(128.9) 
Income tax ...................................................................... 
(42.2) 
25.3 
67.5 
(159.8) 
Profit / (loss) after income tax from continuing operations
 ........................................................................................ 
(76.9) 
9.2 
86.0 
(111.9) 
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations ..................... 
(1.9) 
(1.5) 
0.5 
(24.6) 
Non-controlling interests ................................................ 
1.9 
1.1 
(0.8) 
(40.2) 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable for the 
shareholder .................................................................... 
(80.7) 
6.6 
87.3 
(108.1) 
(a) 
Other results is comprised by "Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets" and "Other operating income / (expense)" 
(b) 
Excluding the amount related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses arising from the operational adjustment 
measures (€29.5Mn in 2020 and €14.7Mn in 2021). 
 
Total operating income amounted to €379.0 million in 2021, compared to the value of €393.7 million 
recorded in 2020. This represented a decrease of 3.7 per cent. as a result of the decrease in Income from 
equity instruments and Income from financial operations given that it were accounted gains with the sale 
of public debt securities in 2020, which were not repeated to the same extent in 2021, notwithstanding 
the favourable evolution of Net interest income and Net commissions.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Net interest income amounted to €243.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to the 
value of €242.8 million recorded in the year ended 31 December 2020. The change in Net interest income 
incorporates the positive effects of the lower interest paid on customer deposits and the favourable 
evolution of performing loans, despite the slowdown in the economic activity of Households and 
Companies. Net interest income in 2021 was adversely affected by the market interest rates, which 
remained at very low levels, affecting the profitability of operations and the repricing of the loan portfolio 
and the interest on the securities portfolio, as well as the increase in interest paid on subordinated debt 
issues and the synthetic securitisation operation on a performing SME loan portfolio settled in December 
2020. 
Low interest rates combined with excess liquidity resulted in a decline in Net Interest Income. In 2021 
there was a decrease of €12.7 million in the interest and similar income associated with the Loans and 
advances to customers, a notable consequence of the low interest rate environment. Net interest income 
in 2021 was also negatively impacted by the decrease of €4.0 million observed in interest in the securities 
portfolio, which reflected the reduction of the average interest rate from 0.55 per cent. in 2020 to 0.35 
per cent. in 2021.  
As a consequence of the plan to reinforce capital ratios, net interest income was negatively impacted by 
the intrinsic cost of the increase in subordinated debt and the synthetic securitisation operation, both with 
partial effect in 2020, completing only 12 months of interest accounting in 2021. 
The funding strategy and the investment of liquidity was decisive in compensating for the unfavourable 
effects on net interest income, benefiting from the minimum interest rate on the TLTRO on compliance 
with the net lending benchmark. In addition, there was an active management of the pricing of new 
deposits, as well as the renewal of existing deposits, and an increase in the proportion of demand deposits. 
Additionally, there was an active management of liabilities obtained from counterparties, with a reduction 
of €1.8 million in interest paid compared to the previous year, and at the end of 2021 there was an 
amortisation of EIB funding lines with reduced residual maturities and higher interest rates, in the total 
amount of €350 million, which will have a favourable impact on net interest income in 2022. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest and similar income ................................................................................  
Loans and advances to customers .......................................................................  
267,459 
254,724 
Deposits from central banks and other loans and advances to credit institutions
 ............................................................................................................................  
6,750 
26,332 
Other financial assets at amortised cost .............................................................  
12,864 
9,933 
Financial assets held for trading ..........................................................................  
7,962 
8,112 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................  
6,566 
6,580 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................  
1,920 
896 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .............................................  
154 
96 
Other interest and similar income.......................................................................  
5 
12 
303,680 
306,685 
Interest and similar expense ..............................................................................  
Other subordinated debt ....................................................................................  
17,468 
19,939 
Deposits from customers ....................................................................................  
19,454 
10,286 
Debt securities issued .........................................................................................  
9,287 
8,761 
Financial liabilities held for trading .....................................................................  
7,239 
7,764 
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions ..................................  
3,001 
7,753 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................  
3,187 
2,050 
Lease liabilities ....................................................................................................  
1,152 
707 
Other interest and similar expense .....................................................................  
98 
5,922 
60,886 
63,182 
Net interest income ............................................................................................  
242,794 
243,503

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Net interest margin stood at 1.34 per cent., compared to 1.47 
per cent. in 2020, due to the low interest rates and highly competitive environment, which continues to 
constrain the performance of net interest income. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest margin for the year ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST MARGIN 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
Interest – generating assets 
Deposits at central banks and other credit 
institutions .....................................................  
889 
(0.1) 
(0.6) 
2,203 
(0.3) 
(7.3) 
Other loans and advances to other credit 
institutions .....................................................  
303 
0.3 
0.8 
363 
0.7 
2.6 
Loans and advances to customers ..................  
12,416 
2.1 
267.5 
12,294 
2.0 
254.7 
Securities portfolio(1) ......................................  
2,680 
0.6 
15.1 
3,105 
0.3 
11.0 
Other assets at fair value(2) .............................  
10 
1.5 
0.2 
9 
1.1 
0.1 
Other (includes derivatives)(3) ........................  
 
 
14.2 
 
 
14.6 
Interest and similar income ............................  
16,299 
1.8 
297.2 
17,974 
1.5 
275.6 
Interest – generating liabilities 
Deposits from ECB ..........................................  
1,452 
(0.4) 
(5.6) 
2,532 
(0.9) 
(23.6) 
Deposits from other credit institutions ..........  
587 
0.4 
2.1 
827 
0.0 
0.3 
Deposits from customers ...............................  
12,344 
0.2 
19.5 
12,534 
0.1 
10.3 
Senior debt .....................................................  
1,338 
0.7 
9.3 
1,421 
0.6 
8.8 
Subordinated debt .........................................  
189 
9.1 
17.5 
216 
9.1 
19.9 
Other (includes derivatives)(4) ........................  
 
 
11.7 
 
 
16.4 
Interest and similar expense ..........................  
15,909 
0.3 
54.4 
17,530 
0.2 
32.1 
Net interest income .......................................  
1.47 
242.8 
1.34 
243.5 
(1) 
Securities portfolio corresponds to the sum of Financial assets held for trading and Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
(2) 
Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and similar 
income. 
(3) 
Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Hedging derivatives and Other financial assets at amortised cost. 
(4) 
Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities and other 
interest and similar expense. 
 
Within the scope of the adjustment programme, the strategy outlined to increase commissions is 
supported by an adequate pricing policy adjusted to the service provided, as well as a broad offer of 
financial solutions to meet the needs of clients taking into account their age and financial profile, making 
Banco Montepio the client's first or main bank, thereby increasing the client base and the level of client 
loyalty to Banco Montepio. The aim of this strategy is to increase the number of transactions and in turn 
the ability to charge commissions.The Net fee and commission income increased from €115.3 million in 
2020 to €116.3 million in 2021, representing an increase of 0.9 per cent., notwithstanding the reduction 
in economic activity and transactions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the effect of moratoria and 
applicable legislation regarding the charging of credit commissions, and the customer support measures 
implemented by Banco Montepio such as the suspension of commissions associated with some payment 
services. This evolution was due to the increase in market fees and commissions by €0.6 million and other 
fees and commissions by €3.6 million, which fully off-set the reduction in credit fees by €0.4 million and 
payment service commissions by €2.7 million.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Results from financial operations 
The Results from financial operations amounted to €10.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
compared to €17.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, driven by the decrease in net gains / 
(losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (-€21.7 million), 
reflecting the higher gains on the sale of public debt and corporate debt securities in 2020 and, to a lesser 
extent, the reduction in results from foreign exchange revaluation (€3.9 million), related to exposure to 
Finibanco Angola. 
The results from financial operations in 2021 also reflect the increase in net gains / (losses) arising from 
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which stood at -€0.3 million, compared to 
-€18.7 million in 2020, due to the impact of a loss making and derivative-linked loan sale operation 
recorded in 2020 in an amount of €12.8 million. This benefited from the increase in participation 
investment units income and was determined by the anticipated impact of the liquidation of the real 
estate investment funds managed by Norfin. 
 
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021/2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss....................  
(18.7) 
(0.3) 
18.4 
(98.6) 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income ............................  
23.7 
2.0 
(21.7) 
(91.4) 
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange differences ...  
12.9 
9.0 
(3.9) 
(30.1) 
Results from financial operations ..................................  
17.9 
10.8 
(7.1) 
(39.7) 
of which: net capital gains obtained on the results from sales 
of Portuguese sovereign bonds .......................................  
13.1 
1.5 
(11.6) 
(88.5) 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Operating costs amounted to €264.1 million, representing a 9.3 per 
cent. decrease compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, due to the costs related to the staff 
adjustment plan (€13.8 million) and the sale of non-strategic assets (€0.9 million). If Banco Montepio 
excluded these one-off costs, Operating costs would have decreased by €12.5 million (a decrease of 4.8 
per cent.) compared to 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Staff costs amounted to €164.2 million, compared to €189.3 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2020, as a result of costs related to the staff adjustment plan amounting 
to €13.8 million. These costs include costs incurred in connection with early retirement and voluntary 
redundancy options, as well as pension fund contributions, indemnities and health care expenses. If these 
costs were excluded, Staff costs would have decreased by €9.5 million (a decrease of 5.9 per cent.) 
compared to 2020. 
In the staff costs aggregate, it should be noted that the item Remuneration fell by €7.0 million compared 
to 2020, and that the item Charges with Pension Fund fell by €12.4 million, showing the impact of the 
reduction of both respective liabilities. 
General and administrative expenses amounted to €64.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
reflecting a €2.3 million reduction in comparison to the €67.0 million recorded in the year ended 31 
December 2020. This decrease was due to the reductions registered in maintenance and repairs (-€1.2 
million), in water, energy and fuel (-€0.5 million), in transportation (-€0.4 million), and in current 
consumption material (-€0.4 million), despite the increase registered in the specialised services aggregate, 
which includes other specialised services, IT, and independent work (+€0.4 million) and in training (+€0.4 
million). If the one-off costs relating to the sale of non-strategic assets had not been incurred, General

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
administrative expenses would have decreased by €3.2 million (a decrease of 4.8 per cent.) compared to 
2020.  
Depreciation and amortisation totalled €35.3 million (+0.5 per cent.) in 2021, compared to €35.1 million 
in 2020, evidencing the investment related to the digital and technological transformation plan. 
In 2021, the cost-to-income ratio, excluding the non-recurring costs related with the measures to adjust 
the workforce and the non-strategic assets sale, and the more volatile components of income, such as 
Income from financial operations and Other income (Income from the sale of other assets and Other 
operating income), stood at 69.0 per cent. compared to 72.5 per cent. in 2020, reflecting the reduction in 
Operating costs. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
 
OPERATING COSTS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021 / 2020 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Staff Costs ................................................................... 
189.3 
164.2 
(25.1) 
(13.3) 
General and administrative expenses ......................... 
67.0 
64.7 
(2.3) 
(3.4) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................... 
35.1 
35.3 
0.2 
0.5 
Operating costs ........................................................... 
291.4 
264.1 
(27.2) 
(9.3) 
Operating costs (comparable)(a) ................................. 
261.9 
249.4 
(12.5) 
(4.8) 
Efficiency ratios ........................................................... 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs (comparable) / Total 
operating income) (a) .................................................... 
66.5% 
65.8% 
(0.7) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) 
(b) ................................................................................. 
74.0% 
69.7% 
(4.3) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts (c) ............. 
80.7% 
73.0% 
(7.6) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment 
costs (d) ......................................................................... 
72.5% 
69.0% 
(3.5) 
p.p. 
(a) 
Excludes the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €29.5Mn in 2020 and of €14.7Mn in 2021, driven by the 
adjustment programme. 
(b) 
Pursuant to the Bank of Portugal Instruction 16/2004, in its current version. 
(c) 
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income). 
(d) 
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income) and 
the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €29.5Mn in 2020 and of €14.7Mn in 2021, driven by the adjustment 
programme. 
Impairments and provisions 
The total of net provisions and impairments amounted to €80.5 million in the year ended 31 December 
2021, reflecting a decrease of €140.3 million (-63.5 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 
2020 when the main impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was recorded. This was due to a decrease of 
€130.8 million in Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions, €12.4 million 
in Impairment of other financial assets and €8.7 million in Other provisions, notwithstanding the increase 
of €11.6 million in Impairment of other assets.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit 
institutions amounted to €54.3 million, compared to €185.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 
(a decrease of €130.8 million), mainly due to the lower impairment charge for the year net of reversals 
for loans and advances to customers, of €55.6 million in 2021, compared to €187.8 million in 2020, a year 
that was extraordinarily impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, both in the forward looking 
component and as a result of moratoria and stage transitions. The evolution of Loan impairment in 2021 
also benefited from the higher level of recovery of loans and interest on loans already written off, which 
reached the value of €4.8 million compared to €2.6 million in 2020. In 2021, the Gross loans and advances

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
to customers decreased by €168 million to €12,189 million when compared to 31 December 2020. The 
two combined effects led to a reduction of the cost of credit risk to 0.4 per cent. in the year ended 31 
December 2021, compared to 1.5 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The aggregate of other impairments and provisions, related to other financial assets, to other assets and 
to provisions, amounted to €26.2 million in 2021 which compares with €35.7 million in 2020, reflecting 
the lower allocations to other financial assets and to other provisions, which in this case include 
provisioning for off-balance sheet exposures, and the reinforcement of impairment for other assets 
arising from impairments recorded for investment properties. 
The Impairment of other financial assets amounted to -€0.2 million (a decrease of €12.4 million) compared 
to €12.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This is due to the reversal of impairment for Angolan 
public debt securities held by Finibanco Angola, following the upward revision of the rating assigned by 
Moody's, as well as the amortisation of Angolan debt securities. Additionally, in 2020, there was an initial 
allocation of impairment relating to the reinforcement of investment in the public debt portfolio.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Impairment of other assets amounted to €31.0 million, 
representing an increase of €11.6 million compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, being mainly 
comprised of impairments relating to real estate, essentially referring to the process of updating 
valuations of investment properties and following the assessments carried out by independent appraisers 
on a number of branches closed down as part of the resizing process of Banco Montepio's retail network.  
Other provisions amounted to -€4.6 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, representing a 
reduction of €8.7 million compared to €4.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This reduction 
was mainly due to the reversal of provisions within the scope of the repurchases carried out in relation to 
the Atlas I operation of €2.4 million and the reversal of €2.3 million regarding legal proceedings filed by 
the Bank of Portugal. 
 
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021 / 2020 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions 
185.1 
54.3 
(130.8) 
(70.7) 
Impairment of other financial assets ...........................................  
12.2 
(0.2) 
(12.4) 
(101.8) 
Impairment of other assets ..........................................................  
19.5 
31.0 
11.6 
59.4 
Other provisions...........................................................................  
4.1 
(4.6) 
(8.7) 
(213.4) 
Net provisions and impairment ..................................................  
220.8 
80.5 
(140.3) 
(63.5) 
 
International activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by the subsidiaries Finibanco 
Angola, S.A., Banco MG Cabo Verde, which is in the process of voluntary dissolution and liquidation since 
30 November 2021. As at 31 December 2021, foreign operations represented 0.9 per cent. of total assets, 
0.4 per cent. of total gross loans and advances to customers and 0.6 per cent. of total customer resources. 
Additionally, as at 31 December 2021 Banco Montepio maintained its five representative offices 
(Frankfurt, Geneva, Paris, Newark and Toronto) which seek to ensure the Issuer's continued presence in 
Portuguese communities living abroad.  
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus 
on domestic operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.6 per 
cent. of the share capital of Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
will be settled over the time. Under this agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. 
and 1.15 per cent. of the share capital of this subsidiary in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Thus, as at 31 
December 2020, the Banco Montepio Group still had control of Finibanco Angola and an effective stake of 
80.2 per cent., with a series of steps now being underway for the deconsolidation of this subsidiary.  
In a public announcement on 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio stated that its subsidiary Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. to 
Access Bank Plc, a commercial bank based in Lagos, Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African 
continent. The sale value will be fully determined following the conclusion of an audit scheduled for 
completion in the second quarter of 2023. Considering the agreement for the sale of this holding, which 
is subject to obtaining the approval from the supervisory and regulatory authorities, Banco Montepio 
estimates that the accounting derecognition of the financial holding held by Banco Montepio Group at 
Finibanco Angola will occur in the second quarter of 2023. Meanwhile, in accordance with the provisions 
of IFRS 5, the activities pursued by this subsidiary will be considered as discontinued operations. 
With the completion of this agreement, Banco Montepio will cease to have any direct or indirect 
participation in Finibanco Angola, S.A., achieving another important milestone in the accomplishment of 
the commitments foreseen in the adjustment program, namely regarding to strengthening the focus on 
the domestic market and the simplification of the Group's corporate structure. 
Finibanco Angola, in which, as at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio held 80.2 per cent., is a universal 
bank supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign trade with special 
focus on transactions between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its competitive advantage on 
the quality of its service. Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise and finance individual 
customers and micro-enterprises, promoting viable business initiatives. 
Finibanco Angola completed 13 years of activity in September 2021, having been incorporated on 4 
September 2007 and having started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 June 2008. The expansion of the 
distribution network, levered on experience and the favourable evolution of its activity, has been 
accomplished through own funding, in the perspective of proximity to its Customers, which include a total 
of 20 branches and corporate centres as at 31 December 2021, having closed four branches at the 
beginning of 2021 with a view to optimising its distribution channels.  
Banco MG Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, provides a 
broad offer of specialised financial products and services for the segments of individuals, institutional and 
companies with international vocation. Considering the new legal framework of Cape Verde and having 
considered all relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors concluded that it would not 
promote the necessary changes to adapt its subsidiary Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde Sociedade 
Unipessoal, S.A., as a bank with generic authorisation. 
Therefore, through an unanimous written resolution dated 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole 
shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution 
and liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., having also approved 
the respective Dissolution Plan and appointed the liquidators. Under the terms of the Dissolution Plan, 
the liquidators must have prepared the final accounts accompanied by the complete liquidation report 
and the project for the distribution of the remaining assets until 30 June 2022. 
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group’s 
international business.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
2021 / 2020 Change 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ 
million) 
 
Total assets ...........................................................................................  
354.7 
228.2 
(126.5) 
(35.7) 
Loans and advances to customers (net) ................................................  
32.3 
41.8 
9.6 
29.6 
Deposits from customers ......................................................................  
271.6 
140.7 
(130.9) 
(48.2) 
Total operating income .........................................................................  
28.4 
12.3 
(16.1) 
(56.8) 
Operating costs .....................................................................................  
11.5 
11.8 
0.3 
2.6 
Cost-to-Income .....................................................................................  
40.4% 
96.1% 
55.7 
p.p. 
Net income ............................................................................................  
8.8 
7.7 
(1.2) 
(13.2) 
Note: For comparative purposes: the financial statements of December 2019 and December 2020 of Finibanco Angola were converted using the 
same exchange rate: AOA/EUR 629.015. 
 
The total Assets of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached €228.2 million as at 31 
December 2021, compared to €354.7 million as at 31 December 2020, representing a reduction of 35.7 
per cent.. This decrease was due to the reduction in total assets of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde as 
a result of the voluntary winding up and liquidation process that began on 30 November 2021, and to a 
lesser extent by the 8.1 per cent. decrease in the Total assets of Finibanco Angola, driven by the decrease 
in the securities portfolio, namely Angolan public debt securities in the balance sheet, in comparison with 
the end of 2020.  
Loans and advances to customers (net) of the international activity as at 31 December 2021 showed an 
increase of 29.6 per cent. compared to 31 December 2020, rising from €32.3 million as at 31 December 
2020 to €41.8 million as at 31 December 2021.  
Deposits from customers captured by the subsidiaries forming the international activity of the Banco 
Montepio Group amounted to €140.7 million as at 31 December 2021, a decrease of 48.2 per cent. 
compared to €271.6 million as at 31 December 2020. This reflects the reduction in customer deposits of 
Banco MG Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., following the voluntary winding up and liquidation 
process that began on 30 November 2021.  
The Total operating income of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted 
to €12.3 million, compared to €28.4 million in 2020. This represents a decrease of 56.8 per cent.  
Operating costs of the international activity amounted to €11.8 million in the year ended 31 December 
2021, a 2.6 per cent. increase compared to the €11.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
As a result of the operating performance, the cost-to-income ratio of the international activity was 96.1 
per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to 40.4 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2020.  
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
The total Assets of Finibanco Angola as at 31 December 2021, totalled €218.7 million, compared to €238.1 
million recorded at the end of 2020 (-8.1 per cent.). This was driven by the decrease in the securities 
portfolio, namely Angolan Public Debt securities in the balance sheet compared to the values as at the 
end of 2020 (-51.4 per cent.), partially offset by the increase in the portfolio of Loans and advances to 
customers (+29.6 per cent.). 
Loans and advances to customers (net) increased to €41.8 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 
an increase of 29.6 per cent., from €32.3 million as at 31 December 2020. Customer deposits, as at 31 
December 2021, stood at €140.7 million, compared to €163.2 million as at 31 December 2020, 
representing a reduction of 13.8 per cent.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
The aggregate of the captions Cash and deposits at central banks and Other credit institutions (OCI) 
includes the balances recorded under Cash and deposits at central banks and Cash and deposits at credit 
institutions. At 31 December 2021, this aggregate totalled €55.0 million, in line with the previously 
mentioned decrease in Customer deposits. 
As at 31 December 2021, Operating income reached €11.8 million, representing a decrease of €15.9 
million from €27.7 million recorded in 2020, mainly due to the unfavourable impact of Foreign exchange 
revaluation results (-€15.3 million) and, to a lesser extent, the impact of Other operating income (-€1.7 
million), despite the increase in Net interest income (+€0.9 million) and Net commissions (+€0.2 million). 
Operating costs stood at €11.3 million in 2021, showing an increase of €0.4 million compared to 2020 
(€10.9 million). The increase in operating costs in 2021 was motivated by the increases in Staff costs (+3.7 
per cent.) and in the General administrative costs (+13.9 per cent.), despite the decrease in Depreciation 
and amortisation (-17.2 per cent.) compared to 2020. 
As a result of operating performance, marked by the unfavourable evolution of exchange rate revaluation 
results, Finibanco Angola's cost-to-income ratio stood at 96.1 per cent. in 2021, compared to 39.4 per cent. 
in 2020. In 2021, despite the unfavourable currency revaluation, the net income of Finibanco Angola 
reached €6.4 million (€9.5 million in 2020), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange 
rate effects. 
Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. – under liquidation 
As Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. was undergoing voluntary dissolution 
and liquidation at the time, its financial statements for the year 2021 were prepared as a bank in 
liquidation and in accordance with IFRS as approved by the European Union noting that the activity of 
Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde is part of the consolidation perimeter of Banco Montepio, its sole 
shareholder. The financial statements were prepared on an assumption of non-continuity of operations. 
On 31 December 2021, the assets of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., 
totalled €9.5 million, and all its deposits in credit institutions abroad were with Banco Montepio. 
In 2021, Operating income stood at €0.5 million, representing a reduction of €0.2 million compared to the 
value recorded in the same period of 2020, as a result of the decrease in Net interest income, Results from 
foreign exchange revaluation and Other operating results, notwithstanding the favourable evolution of 
Net commissions. 
Operating costs stood at €0.5 million on 31 December 2021, representing a reduction of 16.8 per cent. 
compared to the value recorded in the same period in 2020, facilitated by the decrease recorded in Staff 
costs (-25.2 per cent.), in general administrative expenses (-12.2 per cent.) and in amortisations (-34.2 per 
cent.). 
In 2021, Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A.'s, net income reached €1.2 million, 
which compares with the value of -€0.6 million reached in the same period of 2020, benefiting from the 
reversal of impairment for credit risks related to investments in Other Credit Institutions, following the 
withdrawal of deposits in credit institutions. 
 
Key indicators 
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators for 2020 and 2021. 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021 / 
2020 
 
(€ million) 
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Change 2021 / 
2020 
 
(€ million) 
Total assets ...................................................................................................... 
17,941 
19,713 
9.9% 
Gross loans and advances to customers(a) ........................................................ 
12,357 
12,189 
(1.4%) 
Deposits from customers ................................................................................. 
12,502 
12,787 
2.3% 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the shareholders ...... 
-81 
7 
(108.1) 
SOLVENCY (b) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ............................................................................. 
11.6% 
12.7% 
1.1 p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio ........................................................................................................ 
11.6% 
12.7% 
1.1 p.p. 
Total Capital ratio ............................................................................................. 
13.8% 
15.1% 
1.3 p.p. 
Leverage ratio .................................................................................................. 
6.0% 
5.6% 
(0.4) p.p. 
Risk weighted assets (€ million) ....................................................................... 
9,577 
8,800 
(8.1%) 
LOAN TO DEPOSIT RATIOS 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (c) ..................... 
92.6% 
91.2% 
(1.4) p.p. 
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customer resources (d) . 
83.9% 
81.0% 
(2.9) p.p. 
CREDIT QUALITY 
Cost of credit risk ............................................................................................. 
1.5% 
0.4% 
(1.1) p.p. 
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days .............................. 
5.1% 
3.0% 
(2.1) p.p. 
Coverage of loans and interest - overdue by more than 90 days by Impairment for 
Credit Risks ....................................................................................................... 
124.4% 
144.4% 
20.0 p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) / Gross loans and advances to customers  
10.4% 
8.0% 
(2.4) p.p. 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by Impairment for credit risks
 ......................................................................................................................... 
60.4% 
53.5% 
(6.9) p.p. 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by Impairment for credit risks and 
associated collaterals and financial guarantees ............................................... 
93.0% 
96.0% 
3.0 p.p. 
Forborne exposures (e) / Gross loans and advances to customers .................... 
6.6% 
5.1% 
(1.5) p.p. 
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
Total operating income / Average total assets (c) .............................................. 
2.2% 
2.0% 
(0.2) p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (c) ............................................ 
-0.7% 
0.2% 
0.9 p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (c) ............................................ 
-8.8% 
2.4% 
11.2 p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) (c) ......................... 
74.0% 
69.7% 
(4.3) p.p. 
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment costs (f) (g) ............ 
72.5% 
69.0% 
(3.5) p.p. 
Staff costs / Total operating income (c) ............................................................. 
48.1% 
43.3% 
(4.8) p.p. 
EMPLOYEES AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK (Number) 
Employees 
Group Banco Montepio .................................................................................... 
3,721 
3,478 
(243) 
Banco Montepio ............................................................................................... 
3,326 
3,121 
(205) 
Branches 
Domestic network - Banco Montepio .............................................................. 
298 
261 
(37) 
Of which: Proximity Branches .......................................................................... 
7 
7 
0 
Of which: BEM Corporate Centres ................................................................... 
7 
7 
0 
International Network ...................................................................................... 
24 
20 
(4) 
Finibanco Angola (h) .......................................................................................... 
24 
20 
(4) 
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio ....................................................... 
5 
5 
0 
(a) 
Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risks. 
(b) 
Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios include the accumulated net income for the period. 
(c) 
Pursuant to the Bank of Portugal Instruction 16/2004, in its current version. 
(d) 
Total on-balance sheet customer resources = Deposits from customers and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with the 
Financial Statements annexed to this report. 
(e) 
EBA definition. 
(f) 
Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and other 
operating income). 
(g) 
The value related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses generated by the adjustment programme (€29.5Mn 
in 2020 and €14.7Mn) was not considered in the calculation of this ratio. 
(h) 
Includes corporate centres.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Employees 
As 2021 was the second year of the COVID-19 pandemic, Banco Montepio Group's initiatives were driven 
by the need to ensure the protection and safety of its employees. In 2020, Banco Montepio Group 
continued resizing its staff with the aim of aligning its efficiency indicators with the broader sector (the 
2020/2021 Programme; see – "Strategy" above) and made a series of employee benefits available in 
relation to Health Protection, Maintenance of Credit Conditions, Outplacement Service and Social 
Protection in the event of unemployment. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Banco Montepio Group had a total of 3,478 employees (compared to 3,721 
as at December 2020), 89.7 per cent. of which were employees of Banco Montepio (amounting to 3,121). 
As at 31 December 2021, the decrease of 6.5 per cent. compared to the same period in 2020, largely 
resulted from the implementation of the 2020/2021 Programme, and to a lesser extent from the sale of 
Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A. in December 2021, which resulted in a reduction of 22 employees. As at 31 
December 2021, only 5.9 per cent. of Banco Montepio Group employees were based internationally (in 
Finibanco Angola), whereas the remaining 94.1 per cent. were allocated to the domestic activity (of which 
95.4 per cent. were Banco Montepio's employees).  
9M2022 consolidated activity and results (unaudited and not reviewed)  
Banco Montepio recorded a consolidated net income for the period attributable to the shareholders of 
€23.9 million in the first nine months of 2022, a favourable performance when compared with the -€14.2 
million accounted in the same period of 2021, benefiting from the increase in operating income by €11.8 
million, driven by the rise in net interest income and commissions, the reduction in operating costs by 
€16.1 million and the lower impairment and provisions’ charges by €45.1 million, despite the global 
increase of €3.2 million from the mandatory contributions to the banking sector, the Resolution Fund and 
the Deposit Guarantee Fund (€25.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €22.7 million in 
the same period of 2021). 
The consolidated net income in the first nine months of 2022 includes, in the third quarter, an estimated 
impact of -€22.7 million (after considering non-controlling interests) of the agreement signed for the sale 
of the shareholding held by Banco Montepio Group at Finibanco Angola S.A.. Nevertheless, the 
consolidated net income for the quarter was positive, confirming the favourable trend seen in the last five 
quarters. 
Core operating income, corresponding to the aggregate of net interest income and commissions, increased 
by €7.5 million when compared to the first nine months of 2021, with net interest income rising 1.0 per 
cent. and commissions 7.0 per cent. 
Loans and advances to customers (net of impairment) increased to €11.8 billion, 1.5 per cent. above the 
amount recorded in December 2021. 
Deposits from customers amounted to €12.9 billion, a positive change of 1.8 per cent. compared to the 
end of 2021. 
The aggregate of the balance sheet item Cash and Deposits at Central Banks, of applications in central 
banks and the market value of assets eligible to obtain liquidity from the ECB, resulting in the liquidity 
buffer, stood at €3.7 billion, evidencing a comfortable liquidity position. 
The quality of the loan portfolio, assessed by the ratio of non-performing exposures (NPE) to total gross 
loans and advances to customers, evolved favourably, with the NPE ratio standing at 6.9 per cent. at the 
end of the first nine months of 2022, compared to 9.3 per cent. in the same period of 2021. The 
implementation of the policy defined for taking credit risk and the measures that have been adopted in 
the areas of monitoring and credit recovery have contributed to this progress. The coverage of NPE by 
impairments evolved favourably from 53.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 to 54.9 per cent. as at the

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
end of September 2022 and if in addition to impairments, collateral and associated financial guarantees 
are also considered, the coverage of NPE rises to 98.2 per cent. as at 30 September 2022 (95.9 per cent. 
recorded at the end of 2021). 
As at 30 September 2022, the capital ratios evolved favourably once again and consolidated the upward 
trend recorded in recent quarters as a result of the continued reduction in risk-weighted assets (RWA) and 
the contribution of the net income for the first nine months of 2022. 
At the end of September 2022, the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1) calculated based on the phasing-in 
rules stood at 13.0 per cent., recording a positive variation of 1.4 p.p. in relation to the same period of 
2021. Taking into account the fully implemented rules, CET1 stood at 12.6 per cent. (10.6 per cent. at the 
end of September 2021), revealing a comfortable position above the regulatory minimum requirement of 
9.08 per cent.. 
The Total Capital ratio (phasing-in) reached 15.4 per cent. (compared to 13.9 per cent. at the end of 
September 2021) and the fully implemented ratio increased to 15.0 per cent. (12.9 per cent. at the end of 
September 2021), also above the minimum requirement of 14.01 per cent.. 
Lending Policies and Procedures 
Credit risk is associated with the uncertainty of expected returns due to the inability of both the borrower 
(and his guarantor, if any), or the issuer of a security or counterparty to comply with its obligations. 
The credit risk management process is based on the existence of a robust process of credit analysis and 
decision-making, prepared on a set of tools supporting the credit decision process. The quantification of 
credit risk is also supported in the model for calculating impairment losses. 
The fundamental principle of credit risk analysis is independence towards business decisions. In this 
analysis instruments are used and rules defined according to the materiality of the exposures, familiarity 
with the types of risk involved (e.g. the modeling capacity of such risks) and the liquidity of the 
instruments. 
Credit risk models play a significant role in the credit decision process. The credit decision process depends 
on a group of policies based on scoring models developed for individual and business customers and the 
rating for the corporate sector. 
Regarding the analysis methodologies, within the credit risk, the credit risk techniques and models are 
based on econometric modeling, based on the institution's experience in granting various types of credit 
facilities and, where possible, recovery.  
Credit decisions are dependent upon risk ratings and compliance with various rules governing financial 
capacity and applicants' behavior.  
There are scoring models for the admission of individuals to the retail portfolios, namely for mortgage 
loans, individual loans and credit cards. 
Individual Entrepreneurs (Empresários em nome individual - ENI) and Micro businesses are considered 
part of the retail segment, and therefore scoring models specific to the retail segment are applied. 
There are also behavioural scoring models for retail portfolios, which are used to monitor the credit 
portfolio and to evaluate new credit proposals, and these are coupled with application scoring 
information, where applicable.  
Regarding non-retail credit portfolios, internal rating models are used for small, medium and large 
companies, distinguished by business sectors, such as the third sector, or by the life-span of the company's 
activity, namely start-up companies.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Regardless of the typology of the applicable model, any proposal, contract or credit customer is classified 
into a single risk scale class, in ascending order of probability of default, composed of 18 classes, of which 
the first 15 classes correspond to performing risk classes, classes 16 to 17 to credit delinquencies (30 days 
to 60 days, and 60 days to 90 days, respectively) and class 18 to default, in accordance with the applicable 
internal definition, which follows the regulators’ prudential requirements. 
It is possible to exceed the response of scoring systems, internal ratings and internal price lists, only by 
higher decision levels, in accordance with the principles of delegation of responsibilities set out. Rejection 
situations are defined in order to minimise the risk of adverse selection, however there is always a risk 
class for rejection.  
Intervention limits are also defined for the different decisions, by amount of operation and global 
customer exposure, type of operation / collateral and assigned risk class. In this context, the principle that 
higher hierarchical positions must approve operations with higher exposures is highlighted. These limits 
are approved by the Board of Directors, and the highest decision scale corresponds to the Board of 
Directors. At intermediate stages, it is compulsory to intervene in a collegial system of at least two players, 
one belonging to the commercial network and the other to the Specialised Credit Analysis Division 
(independent body of the commercial structure). 
Risk analysis involves regular internal reporting on key types of risk. Within credit risk, monthly internal 
reports are prepared, with the main risk indicators of credit portfolios and metrics on the use of rating / 
scoring models. In terms of preventive monitoring, an alert system for early warning signs is in place for 
the main indicators of credit risk tightening.  
With respect to credit impairment, IFRS 9 establishes the need to recognise Expected Credit Losses ("ECL") 
as impairment for all financial assets that meet the Solely Payment of Principal and Interest ("SPPI") 
criteria, considering the expected loss of credit at one year, or the expected loss of credit until the maturity 
of the financial instrument (ECL lifetime). 
Criteria for the determination of impairment of individually significant loans 
All customers or economic groups that meet the following conditions are subject to individual analysis: 
1. 
Economic Groups with a global exposure amount ≥€0.5 million in which at least one of the 
participants is the holder of operations classified as stage 3, with customers with an exposure 
amount ≥ €0.1 million being selected; 
2. 
Customers holding stage 2 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million and customers with 
an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million that are part of the same Economic Group; 
3. 
Customers holding stage 1 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million; 
4. 
Customers corresponding to Shareholding Management Companies ("SGPS") and/or Customers 
holding loans under Project Finance with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million; 
5. 
Other customers when duly justified. 
For the exposure of customers or economic groups, all active credit operations (on- and off-balance sheet) 
are considered, excluding the operations subject to write-off. 
The individual analysis is the responsibility of the Specialised Credit Analysis Division and in the evaluation 
of impairment losses the following factors are essentially considered: 
• 
total exposure of each customer and/or economic group, internal rating of the customer and/or 
economic group, the stage associated with each operation and the existence of signs of impairment; 
• 
economic and financial viability of the customer or economic group and the respective ability to 
generate future cash flows to pay the debt;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
• 
existence of collaterals associated with each credit and their respective valuation; 
• 
customers' or guarantors' net assets; 
• 
situation of bankruptcy or insolvency of the customers and/or guarantors; and 
• 
expectation regarding the credit recovery period. 
The recoverable amount is determined by the sum of the expected cash flows, estimated in accordance 
with the contractual conditions in force and the underlying collection expectations, discounted at the 
original effective interest rate of the contract. An impairment adjustment is made when the expected 
cash flows are lower than the contractual cash flows due by the customer. 
For the determination of the expected cash flows different recovery strategies are used, which may 
include the going concern method and the gone concern method: 
• 
In case of the continuity of operations (going concern) a critical analysis is carried out on the 
companies' business plans or other elements available for analysis, which should include 
information on past events, current conditions and projected future economic conditions (forward-
looking scenarios), with these being representative of the current and future economic-financial 
situation of the customer. For the calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually 
projected cash flows, after adjustment of the initially estimated assumptions and the application of 
haircuts, if necessary, and considering deviations of the real figures from those initially projected, 
are discounted at the original effective interest rate of the operations; 
• 
In the case of the cessation of the activity (gone concern) the settlement through collaterals, if 
these exist, is assumed, with an exhaustive analysis being made of same, namely regarding the 
value of mortgage/pledge, valuation amount, valuation date and need for the application of 
haircuts, according to the ageing of the valuation or other factors, the deadline for the 
foreclosure/execution, and the deadline for the sale, as well as the associated maintenance and 
selling costs. For the calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually projected cash 
flows, after adjustments, are discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
For each recovery strategy, the respective expected loss of credit is calculated, considering different 
forward-looking scenarios, weighted by the respective probability of occurrence. For specific cases, it is 
possible to use strategies that combine with either the going concern or the gone concern methods. 
Credit Recovery Policy 
In 2020, Banco Montepio implemented a reorganisation project relating to non-performing credit 
recovery whereby processes were established with the main focus on enhancing efficiency of operations 
from the early stages of default. This involved implementing a lean process redesign and standard 
predefined cure approaches. 
Standard pre-defined approaches are differentiated by segment and credit features, depending on length 
of time for cash shortages (short term, medium or long term recoveries), willingness of customers to 
cooperate, collateral valuation, litigious treatment, and not providing the ability to reduce guarantees. 
Standard pre-defined treatments are part of the new practices implemented to reduce the recovery 
process cycle, and therefore enabling more cost effective cure strategies with less impact on the Issuer's 
net income. Law firms pre-appointed by the Issuer deal with all the judicial recovery processes, regardless 
of the complexity of the process or the exposure amount to be recovered. 
The Banco Montepio Group has adopted forbearance measures and practices, aligned in terms of risk, in 
order to adjust the disposable income or the financial capacity of customers to their debt service. On this 
basis, the recommendations legislated in the scope of the default regimes (Decree-Law 227/2012, of 25 
October) and for companies (SIREVE, PER, PEAP, PEVE, RERE) were adopted, with these being widely

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
disclosed in the institutional website, in the internal rules and communications, to be disclosed and 
implemented vis-à-vis customers presenting evidence of financial difficulties. 
Regarding the forbearance measures and in accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 
9 January 2015, contractual changes were considered (grace period of the principal, extension of the term, 
deferral of the principal, etc.) as were the consolidation of debts in another contract with conditions 
adjusted to the customer's current situation. 
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented new settlement plans and related decision levels for loans in 
arrears with less than 1 month through standardised recovery solutions available to the branches' teams 
to enhance the recovery procedures and modus operandum from the early stages of default. 
The implementation of external Servicing by specialised law firms for insolvency portfolios is in progress 
in 2022. The hiring of Servicers is also underway (with an end-to-end strategy) for Retail portfolios without 
guarantees. 
Within the scope of the ongoing reorganisation, several measures were implemented to adjust the 
structure and the recovery operating model, in order to better implement and guarantee compliance with 
the strategy outlined for Banco Montepio regarding the reduction of the stock of NPLs. As a result of this 
reorganisation, two separate departments were created, one for handling Corporate and Mid-Corporate 
portfolios and the other for Small Business portfolios. 
The monitoring of non-judicial customers was also reviewed, as well as the Organic Statute and the 
regulations governing credit recovery. 
As at 31 December 2021, the loan and advances to customers' portfolio included loans amounting to 
€622.3 million (compared to €817.2 million as at 31 December 2020) which, given customers' financial 
difficulties, were subject to amendments of the initial conditions. These loans had an impairment of 
€255.2 million as at 31 December 2021 (compared to €368.1 million as at 31 December 2020). 
Additionally, the restructured loans and advances to customers' portfolio includes contracts that resulted 
in a formal restructuring with the customers and the consequent celebration of a new loan to replace the 
previous loans. The restructuring may result from a reinforcement of guarantees and/or liquidation of 
part of the loan and involve an extension of maturities or a change in the interest rate. The analysis of 
restructured loans as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, by credit type, is as follows: 
 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(€ thousand) 
Corporate 
Loans..................................................................................................  
175,732 
104,069 
Current account loans .......................................................................  
9,669 
3,241 
Finance leases ....................................................................................  
1,276 
3,503 
Other loans ........................................................................................  
949 
5,137 
Retail 
Mortgage loans..................................................................................  
2,778 
11,602 
Consumer credit and other loans ......................................................  
6,993 
17,598 
197,397 
145,150

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Restructured loans are also subject to an impairment analysis that results from the revaluation of the 
expectations given the new cash flows inherent to the new contractual conditions, discounted at the 
original effective interest rate, and considering the new collaterals presented. 
As at 31 December 2021, the impairment charges on the restructured loans not yet due amounted to 
€54.8 million, which corresponds to an impairment rate of 37.7 per cent. (compared to €79.0 million and 
impairment rate of 40.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
The total amount of principal and interest recovered in written-off loans as at 31 December 2021 
amounted to €4,820 thousand compared to €2,634 thousand as at 31 December 2020. 
Banco Montepio uses real and financial collaterals as instruments to mitigate credit risk. The real 
collaterals correspond mainly to mortgages on residential properties in the scope of housing loans and 
mortgages on other types of properties in the scope of other types of loans. To reflect the market value 
of these properties, they are reviewed regularly based on valuations conducted by certified independent 
appraiser entities or through the use of revaluation coefficients that reflect the trend in the market for 
the type of property and its geographical area. The financial collaterals are revalued based on market 
values of the respective assets, when available, with certain depreciation coefficients being applied to 
reflect their volatility. Most of the real collaterals are revalued at least once a year. 
The following tables show total NPEs (as per EBA definition) and total impairment charges as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(€ thousand) 
(a) Stock of Non-performing exposures .........................................  
1,289,555 
975,302 
(b) Gross loans and advances to customers ...................................  
12,357,216 
12,189,465 
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers 
(a / b) ..............................................................................................  
10.4% 
8.0% 
 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(€ thousand) 
(a) Impairment for credit risks........................................................  
779,514 
521,777 
(b) Stock of Non-performing exposures .........................................  
1,289,555 
975,302 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks 
(a / b) ..............................................................................................  
60.4% 
53.5% 
 
Risk Management 
The Banco Montepio Group is exposed to several risks the most relevant of which are, in the financial 
component, credit, concentration, market, interest rate, banking portfolio market, foreign currency, 
liquidity, real estate, and Pension Fund risks. Additionally, the Banco Montepio Group is subject to other 
non-financial risks, namely operating, reputation, and strategy and business risks. Depending on the 
nature and relevance of the risk, plans, programs, or actions are designed, supported by information 
systems and procedures providing a high degree of reliability as regards risk management measures 
established in due course. For all risks identified as material, Banco Montepio has implemented a process

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
for the identification and review, being subject to regular monitoring and mitigation actions in order to 
reduce potential losses for the Banco Montepio Group. 
The control and the efficient management of risk play a key role in the balanced and sustained 
development of Banco Montepio. In addition to contributing to the optimisation of the profitability/risk 
binomial of the various lines of business, they also ensure the maintenance of an adequate risk profile in 
terms of solvency and liquidity. 
The monitoring of these risks is centralised in the Risk Division, the unit responsible for the risk 
management function of the Banco Montepio Group, which regularly informs the Board of Directors of 
the evolution of the risk profile of the institution and, if necessary, proposes risk exposure 
mitigation/reduction actions. 
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, who 
set out the tolerance levels and maximum risk limit, for each specific risk considered materially relevant, 
in accordance with the defined strategic objectives and business plan, with this policy being reviewed 
regularly. It is also the responsibility of the Board of Directors to ensure an adequate risk control at group 
level, namely through the respective supervisory boards. The Risk Committee is the non-executive body 
with the role of risk management supervision. Its mission is to monitor the design and implementation of 
the risk strategy and risk appetite of the Banco Montepio Group and to verify whether these are aligned 
with the sustainable strategy in the medium- and long-term, providing advice to the Board of Directors 
and Executive Commission in these areas. 
The Board of Directors seek to ensure that Banco Montepio has sufficient capital to meet regulatory 
requirements and to cover potential losses resulting from the activity, with an optimised balance sheet 
structure that maintains a stable and safe funding capacity and liquidity profile, allowing it to face stress 
situations and ensuring the continuity of its operations and the protection of its depositors and holders 
of non-subordinated debt. 
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is designed to ensure an adequate relationship, at 
all times, between its own funds and the business it carries on, and also to evaluate the risk/return profile 
by business line, assuming particular importance in this scope the monitoring and control of the main 
types of financial and non-financial risks (such as credit, market, liquidity, real estate and operating) which 
the Banco Montepio Group's business is subject to. 
In order to ensure an effective management of the risks associated with the Banco Montepio Group's 
activities, the Risk Division is responsible for ensuring that all Group companies, including those located 
abroad, implement risk management systems that are coherent with each other and in accordance with 
the requirements set forth in the Internal Regulation of the Banco Montepio risk management function, 
in the Banco Montepio Group's Global Risk Policy and in the remaining applicable internal policies and 
regulations, without prejudice to the respective legal and regulatory framework. The Risk Division is 
responsible for monitoring the risk management activity of Group companies, on a consolidated and 
individual basis, ensuring the consistency of the risk concepts used, the methodologies for risk 
identification, measurement and control, the supporting standards and respective risk profile monitoring 
processes, as well as the compliance with the applicable regulatory and prudential requirements, namely 
on a consolidated basis. These activities should be directly assured by the risk management functions of 
those entities, except in those cases where Banco Montepio's Board of Directors decides that the 
development of these responsibilities by Banco Montepio's Risk Division is more effective and efficient. 
In common with many similar credit institutions which finance housing loans, the Issuer’s loan assets are 
relatively illiquid whilst its funding is based on retail deposits, most of which are either legally available on 
demand or are of a short term nature (although in practice such deposits usually remain with the Issuer 
for extended periods).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
Liquidity risk is assessed using regulatory indicators defined by the supervisory authorities and other 
internal measurements for which exposure limits are also defined. This control is reinforced by the 
execution of stress tests, aimed at characterising Banco Montepio's risk profile and ensuring that the 
Banco Montepio Group meets its obligations in the event of a liquidity crisis. 
The objective of controlling the liquidity levels is to maintain a satisfactory level of liquid assets so as to 
meet financial needs in the short, medium and long term. Liquidity risk is monitored daily, with various 
reports being prepared for control and monitoring purposes and to support decision-taking within the 
Assets and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO"). Under the control of risk levels, limits are defined for various 
liquidity risk indicators, which are monitored through weekly and monthly reports. 
The evolution of the liquidity position is monitored, in particular, based on estimated future cash flow 
projections for various time horizons, considering Banco Montepio’s balance sheet. The liquidity position 
of the day under review and the amount of assets that are considered highly liquid in the uncompromised 
securities portfolio are added to these projections so as to determine the accumulated liquidity gap for 
various time horizons. Moreover, the level of compliance of the liquidity prudential indicators, LCR, NSFR 
and Additional Liquidity Monitoring Metrics (“ALMM”), and of internal ratios such as, for example, loan-
to-deposits ratios, concentration of funding sources, short term funding and eligible assets are monitored 
as well.  
The table below sets out the liquidity gaps in December 2021: 
 
LIQUIDITY POSITION GAPS 
 
 
Maturity periods 
Position reference date + forecast amount 
On sight 
and up to 1 
week 
Above 1 
week and 
up to 1 
month 
Above 1 
month and 
up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months and 
up to 6 
months 
Above 6 
months and 
up to 12 
months 
 
(€ million) 
Accumulated mismatches ................................................ 
3,940 
3,931 
4,118 
4,071 
3,227 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the LCR reached 264.1 per cent., having increased from the 200.7 per cent. 
recorded as at 31 December 2020, amounting to 164.1 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement 
of 100 per cent. As at 31 December 2021 the commercial gap stood at a comfortable level with the loan-
to-deposit ratio, consisting of loans and advances to customers divided by deposits from customers, at 
91.2 per cent. 
 
The NSFR stood at 125.3 per cent. in December 2021, above the minimum requirement of 100 per cent. 
Concerning the exchange rate risk of the banking book, in general, the funds raised in foreign currencies 
are invested in assets in the respective money market for maturity periods that are not higher than those 
of the resources. Therefore, the existing foreign exchange gaps essentially derive from possible 
mismatches between the maturity periods of the assets and liabilities. The current foreign exchange 
exposure of the Banco Montepio Group in consolidated terms is essentially the result of structural 
positions derived from the conversion of the balances of its subsidiaries (such as Finibanco Angola) in their 
main currencies, namely the Angolan Kwanza and American Dollar. 
Limits of exposure have been defined for the exchange rate risk of the banking book, which are monitored 
by the management bodies and by the ALCO, where any overrunning of the established limits follows an

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
established circuit, including approval by the management body or the implementation of measures to 
hedge this risk. 
The limits defined for exchange rate risk include limits of position by currency, in consolidated and 
individual terms, as well as in terms of VaR, and are also disaggregated in terms of the trading book and 
banking book. 
The total assets and liabilities, by currency, as at 31 December 2021 is as follows: 
 
Euro 
U.S. Dollar 
Angolan 
Kwanza 
Swiss Franc 
Pound 
Sterling 
Other 
foreign 
currencies 
Total 
amount 
 
(€ thousand) 
Total Assets ...................................  
19,286,312 
218,495 
175,033 
4,864 
3,111 
25,345 
19,713,160 
Total liabilities ...............................  
18,020,299 
197,816 
78,326 
2,874 
13,881 
36,831 
18,350,027 
Exchange forward transactions .....  
 
(22,343) 
0 
(2,033) 
10,711 
11,753 
 
Exchange Gap ................................  
 
(1,664) 
96,707 
(43) 
(59) 
267 
 
Stress Test .....................................  
 
333 
(19,341) 
8 
12 
(53) 
 
 
The result of the stress test performed corresponds to the estimated impact (before tax) on equity, 
including minority interests, due to a devaluation of 20.0 per cent. in the exchange rate of each currency 
against the Euro. 
The interest rate risk caused by operations of the banking portfolio is assessed through risk sensitivity 
analysis, on an individual and consolidated basis for the subsidiaries included in the Banco Montepio 
Group's consolidated balance sheet. 
Interest rate risk is appraised in accordance with the impacts on net interest income, net worth and own 
funds caused by variations in market interest rates. The main risk factors arise from the mismatch between 
the interest rate revision periods and/or residual maturity between assets and liabilities (repricing risk), 
from non-parallel variations in interest rate curves (yield curve risk), from the nonexistence of perfect 
correlation between different indexers with the same repricing period (basis risk), and from the options 
associated to instruments which enable the divergent action of agents depending on the level of rates that 
are contracted and applied at any given time (option risk). 
Following the recommendations of Basel and the Bank of Portugal Instruction 34/2018, of 15 June 2018, 
the Banco Montepio Group calculates its exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, at least quarterly, 
based on the methodology of the Bank of International Settlements (“BIS”), classifying all the headings of 
the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items which do not belong to the trading book, by repricing 
brackets. 
In this context, limits are defined for exposure to interest rate risk factors which are monitored by ALCO, 
where any overrunning of the established limits, even if temporary, requires the approval of the 
management body or the implementation of measures to cover the exposure. 
At the same time, a stress test is conducted with six shock scenarios in the interest rate curve. This test 
measures impacts on net interest income at one year and on net worth of the shocks in the interest rate 
curve prescribed in the BIS document of April 2016, Standards – Interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Based on the financial features of each contract, the respective expected cash flow projection is made, 
according to the rate repricing dates and any pertinent performance assumptions that are considered.  
The table below presents a summary of the exposure to interest rate risk, given by the repricing gaps in 
the balance sheet’s assets and liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, on a consolidated basis, as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021, which are not accounted in the trading book:

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
INTEREST RATE REPRICING GAPS 
 
 
Up to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 mounths to 1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
(€ thousand) 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities....................................................  
26,612 
43,212 
23,528 
1,186,064 
1,875,387 
Loans and advances ............................................  
6,449,591 
3,049,157 
1,328,189 
919,705 
390,425 
Others.................................................................  
89,599 
0 
0 
0 
50,375 
Off-balance sheet ...............................................  
1,041 
0 
756,654 
25,018 
0 
Total ...................................................................  
6,566,843 
3,092,369 
2,108,371 
2,130,787 
2,316,187 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities issued .........................................  
349,223 
0 
811,226 
651,267 
36,545 
Term deposits .....................................................  
1,718,686 
1,107,354 
1,471,616 
2,041,259 
0 
Others.................................................................  
195,311 
0 
0 
2,961,326 
274,358 
Off-balance sheet ...............................................  
758,996 
0 
15 
119 
1,145 
Total ...................................................................  
3,022,216 
1,107,354 
2,282,857 
5,653,971 
312,048 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) ....................................  
3,544,627 
1,985,015 
(174,486) 
(3,523,184) 
2,004,139 
 
Up to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 mounths to 1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
(€ thousand) 
31 December 2020 
Assets 
Debt securities....................................................  
89,347 
287,945 
59,950 
920,554 
1,168,720 
Loans and advances ............................................  
6,740,103 
3,010,619 
1,171,148 
775,080 
305,812 
Others.................................................................  
89,290 
0 
0 
0 
38,945 
Off-balance sheet ...............................................  
1,148 
0 
6,654 
756,654 
0 
Total ...................................................................  
6,919,888 
3,298,564 
1,237,752 
2,452,288 
1,513,477 
Liabilities 
Debt securities issued .........................................  
8,584 
812 
57,283 
1,408,516 
19,398 
Term deposits .....................................................  
2,803,388 
1,491,623 
2,133,847 
720,428 
0 
Others.................................................................  
460,548 
54,245 
392 
1,609,929 
301,096 
Off-balance sheet ...............................................  
750,008 
0 
16 
131 
1,295 
Total ...................................................................  
4,022,528 
1,546,680 
2,191,538 
3,739,004 
321,789 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) ....................................  
2,897,360 
1,751,884 
(953,786) 
(1,286,716) 
1,191,688 
 
December 2021 
December 2020 
December 
Annual 
average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
December 
Annual 
average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest Rate Gap ...........  
3,836,113 
3,665,365 
3,836,113 
3,494,618 
3,600,429 
3,834,051 
4,067,673 
3,600,429 
 
Sensitivity to the balance sheet interest rate risk is calculated by the difference between the present value 
of the interest rate mismatch discounted at market interest rates and the discounted value of the same 
cash flows, simulating parallel shifts of the market interest rate curve. 
As at 31 December 2021, based on the interest rate gaps observed, an instantaneous and parallel positive 
variation in the interest rates by 100 basis points would cause a decrease in the economic value expected 
from the banking portfolio of approximately €88.2 million (31 December 2020: decrease of €55.5 million).

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
The concept of market risk reflects the potential loss that could be recorded by a given portfolio as a result 
of changes in rates (interest and exchange) and/or in the prices of the different financial instruments 
comprising the portfolio, considering both the correlations that exist between them and their volatility. 
Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) is one of the key metrics used to measure and monitor market risk. The Banco 
Montepio Group calculates the VaR on a daily basis, both for its trading book and for the portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. VaR is also calculated on a time horizon 
of 10 business days and at a 99 per cent. significance level, by the historical simulation method. The types 
of risk considered in this methodology are interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, price risk, spread risk and 
commodities risk.  
With respect to market risk information and analysis, there is regular reporting on Banco Montepio's own 
portfolios and those of other entities of the Banco Montepio Group, with various risk limits being defined, 
including overall limits of VaR, by Issuer, by type/class of asset and stop loss and loss trigger limits for 
positions held for trading and in other comprehensive income. 
In the reports produced, the various exposure limits are controlled, analysed the risks of concentration, 
credit, interest rate and asset price variation, among others. These analyses consider the analysis of 
scenarios, namely the sensitivities of the securities portfolio to variations of interest rates, spreads, 
adverse exchange rate evolution and variation of the market prices of shares and real estate properties.  
In addition to the risk report of Banco Montepio’s overall portfolio, specific risk reports are also produced 
for the trading book and the proprietary portfolios of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
In order to ensure more effective risk management, the positions in portfolio are disaggregated into a 
portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio of other financial 
assets at amortised cost, portfolio of financial assets not necessarily held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss, and portfolios of assets held for trading (which exclude hedge coverages and fair value 
option), with risk limits being defined according to the type of portfolio. The thresholds applicable to the 
portfolios are defined in internal regulations, updated on an annual basis or other, whenever justified by 
alterations to market risk levels. Stop loss and loss trigger thresholds are also defined, applicable to the 
portfolios. Whenever any of these thresholds are reached, the re-examination of the strategy intrinsic to 
this position is compulsory. 
As at 31 December 2021 the Banco Montepio Group's investment portfolio was mainly concentrated on 
bonds, representing 93.3 per cent. (31 December 2020: 84.3 per cent.) of the total portfolio, being the 
majority of the portfolio comprised of sovereign bonds, essentially from Italy, Portugal and Spain. 
Banco Montepio held no position in credit derivatives as at 31 December 2020 and 2021. 
Regarding the credit quality of the debt securities portfolio, approximately 97.8 per cent. is rated as 
investment grade (31 December 2020: 96.8 per cent.). Of note are the Spanish, Portuguese and Italian 
sovereign bonds with a rating assigned by Fitch of A-, BBB+ and BBB, respectively, that represent 94.0 per 
cent. (31 December 2020: 84.1 per cent.) of the portfolio. Concerning the portfolio breakdown, there was 
a reduction in the Portuguese sovereign debt (55.8 per cent. to 22.6 per cent. of the securities portfolio in 
2020 and 2021, respectively), partially offset by an increase in the Italian and Spanish sovereign debt. 
A summary of the banking book's VaR indicators in December 2020 and December 2021 is presented 
below, bearing in mind that the trading portfolio had no positions in shares or bonds as at 31 December 
2021:

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 20 
December 21 
Banking book 
Trading book 
Banking book 
Trading book 
Market VaR(1) (2) (3) .........................  
3.78% 
20.52% 
1.28% 
n.app. 
Interest Rate Risk .........................  
2.31% 
0.40% 
0.87% 
n.app. 
Exchange Rate Risk .......................  
0.00% 
2.06% 
0.00% 
n.app. 
Price Risk ......................................  
0.00% 
20.55% 
0.03% 
n.app. 
Credit risk (spread) .......................  
3.19% 
0.73% 
0.69% 
n.app. 
Commodity Risk ...........................  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
n.app. 
(1) 
Time horizon of 10 days and significance level of 99%; Percentage over total portfolio assets; Includes Banco Montepio and BEM. 
(2) 
Includes the diversification effect. 
(3) 
Excludes positions of Finibanco Angola. 
 
Moreover, analyses are also conducted of scenarios and stress (based on past extreme events) for the 
trading book to complement the analysis of all the other risk indicators. 
Competition 
As at 31 December 2021 the Issuer was the seventh largest bank in Portugal on the basis of total net assets 
(source: Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). Despite competition in the market, Banco Montepio has been 
able to sustain its position in the market and to preserve its market share in banking activity. Banco 
Montepio’s overall market share (deposits and loans) was 5.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (source: 
Bank of Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a market share of 5.8 per cent. in mortgage loans 
and 5.5 per cent. in loans to non-financial corporations (source: Bank of Portugal, Financial and Monetary 
Statistics (individual basis)). As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio’s market share in total deposits 
was 5.2 per cent., reaching 5.5 per cent. in the household deposits segment (source: Bank of Portugal, 
Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). 
The Issuer considers that its primary competitive advantage is its superior customer service, as a result of 
being majority owned by a mutual benefits association, its product offering including private pension 
schemes provided by MGAM and its reputation as a stable financial institution.  
Technology 
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and 
innovative services to its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese 
market. 
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, 
current accounts processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and 
credit cards, saving accounts and inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day 
of the week and no failure or breakage in the service occurs solely due to any matter related to batch 
processing.  
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: “Core System” and “Distributed Systems”. The 
Core System corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux 
platforms where most departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud 
solution based in VMWARE and HYPER-V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation and 
virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, which in turn increased operational efficiency, reduced 
production time and infrastructure-related efforts and costs. 
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access 
to new applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of “Load Balancers 
NetScalar” and application virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
speed and quality of applications for an end user. The product helps business customers perform tasks 
such as traffic optimisation, load balancing, and web application acceleration while maintaining data 
security. It also performs several kinds of caching and compression. The benefits of application 
virtualisation include ease of maintenance and greater portability, making programs easier to deploy 
across several versions of Windows. Another one of the benefits of application virtualisation is that 
applications that depend on custom drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes deploying 
upgrades and patches easier. 
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, 
Microsoft Teams, Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune. 
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS 
solution empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning 
marketing and sales activities for its customers.  
These service integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer 
in what regards to user and application accessibility management. 
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated 
on a continuous basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology. 
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-
cluster Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection 
mechanisms, geographic balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are 
present in its own infrastructure with multi-user interconnections to assure that all national and 
international communications and their contents are served in Lisbon or Porto, providing protection 
against failures in the event of interruptions in local or regional networks, power outages or natural 
disasters. 
One key component of the security infrastructure is the Security Operations Center (“SOC”) service. The 
SOC is the 24x7 single point of contact for monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised 
team with specialised skills (“CERT”). Its mission is to ensure continuous monitoring and improve the 
security level of the organisation while preventing, detecting, analysing and responding to cybersecurity 
incidents, backed by processes and technologies. Procedures are defined for major incidents to be 
appropriately escalated and to activate the DR/BC plan if needed and lessons learned activities are taken 
and documented from previous events and incidents. 
Remote access to Microsoft Cloud Services requires multifactor authentication. Some sensitive systems 
do not allow remote access. 
Access to Banco Montepio's network is segmented on the basis of employee access, customer access and 
access to certain third parties. Since the beginning of 2020, access to the internal network is granted 
through the Zscaler Private Access solution that uses the technology Zero trust network access ("ZTNA"). 
ZTNA gives users seamless and secure connectivity to private applications without ever placing them on 
the network or exposing apps to the internet. The implementation of this solution in the Banco Montepio 
Group has replaced the previous VPN-based solution. 
In 2020 Banco Montepio implemented a new ITSM solution and one of the components of the project was 
to create a CMDB with the inclusion of a vast set of IT assets. This information is complemented by a 
database that contains the Application Portfolio, including documentation on the interconnection 
between applications. Incident management and escalation roles, responsibilities, and procedures are 
formally defined. Most incidents and service requests are registered in the ticketing system. 
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local 
market, such as:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
• 
Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX Omnichannel 
platform, including several native Apps for iOS and Android, providing customers with a wide range 
of transactions, including enquiries, deposits, transfer orders and bill payments and online 
brokerage services. To increase security, new features were added to the omnichannel platform, 
implementing Strong Customer Authentication. 
• 
A contact centre (Phone24) has been established, which provides phone, fax, e-mail and chat 
capabilities for its customers. 
• 
An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24). Banco Montepio was the first bank to provide 
ATM services in Portugal in 1984. At present their last generation ATM with a Web based 
Application and cash-Recycling technology, provides a broad range of products and services which 
are all touch screen only and voice enabled, such as: bill payment, cash and check deposits and 
passbook automatic page turn. 
• 
A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform, providing 
the migration from a Client-Server architecture to a Web Based Application running in Virtual 
machines. The new solution allows the integration of information from a diversity of sources like: 
CRM, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows, Intranet and others. 
• 
Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting financial 
processes dematerialisation was implemented, replacing traditional processes based and 
supported in paper, in line with best technical and security standards, with the objective of 
enhancing Banco Montepio’s image of innovation and digital transformation, improve customer 
experience and reduce operating costs and operational risk. This new solution started to be 
adopted for supporting processes that originated in branch networks and will be gradually spread 
to other areas / processes. 
• 
An Enterprise Data Warehouse (“EDW”) which supports all needs related to Business Intelligence 
trends considering financial services. This infrastructure keeps increasing, on a regular basis, in 
order to cater to the needs arising from the development of new business lines and to meet 
business subject areas like risk, profitability, pricing, Regulatory Reporting, Auditing and Marketing. 
• 
The former CRM evolved to a Marketing Automation level comprising a new Analytic platform, 
based on Microsoft CRM Online, interacting with an upgraded Operational CRM application among 
full integration with a revised 360º Customer Vision (value added with new commercial relevant 
information) and integration with Product Catalog and other distribution channels for a total 
Customer relation awareness. 
• 
A credit scoring application is in operation providing a useful tool for assessing risks related to 
housing loans, consumer credit and credit cards. 
• 
Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to improve trade management, support of 
complex derivatives, options and structured trades support, improve straight through processing. 
With Finastra Kondor+ Banco Montepio was able to implement a complete front-to-back solution 
with strong support for risk management and centralised administration and control. Recent 
developments are improving the global front-to-back solution with the integration of two new tools 
provided by Bloomberg: TOMS (Trade Order Management Solutions) and MARS (Multi-Asset Risk 
System). 
• 
A “Time Deposit Workflow” is in operation allowing the integrated management of spread 
authorisation in time deposits. 
• 
A “Workflow” system allowing for the integrated management of credit process has been 
implemented.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
• 
An “Enterprise Document Management System” has been implemented supporting different 
business processes such as: inter-bank circulation of cheque images, members’ and customers’ 
signatures and daily branch movement. 
• 
In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System (“Northland”) has been 
implemented as well as a Filtering System (“Fircosoft”) for “funds transfer” operations and for 
clients. 
• 
A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform 
This project aimed to respond to new Bank of Portugal credit risk reporting requirements (“CRC 5 
G”), aligned with new EU Central Bank reporting legislation (“AnaCredit”). The solution 
implemented in the development of the project included the construction of a new centralised 
credit risk information database in the business intelligence architecture, which can be used later 
on to answer to different information requirements in this domain. The project also included the 
development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with the Bank of Portugal, 
which included the implementation of the appropriate functionalities and controls to support the 
management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention. 
• 
Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation 
This project included an extended review of the IT applications and tools that support credit 
recovery, addressing the following key-objectives and enhancements: To adjust credit IT 
applications and tools to the new organisational and operational credit recovery model in place; To 
improve credit IT applications and tools suitability to the requirements of the credit recovery 
department; To develop a new credit recovery Portal to support credit recovery department 
relationship with external law offices that provide services, which provides a broad range of 
functionalities to enable a proper management and control of the processes. 
• 
A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in Banco Montepio's APP M24, which incorporates 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; 
• 
A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow; 
• 
A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels; 
• 
The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures 
compliance with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2); 
• 
Opening of account and credit online for individuals; 
• 
System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) system in every customer interaction with the Banco Montepio; 
• 
Development of new IT platforms to support Anti-Money Laundering and Market Abuse processes, 
based upon SAS technology and specialised modules for those areas; 
• 
A Virtual Assistance Agent, based on Artificial Intelligence technology, which is the first point of 
contact with customers who use the Contact Center service, with the objective of increasing the 
efficiency and reduce costs in customer service. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes 
that showed more potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will 
be extended gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the 
bank's IT strategy modernisation roadmap; 
• 
Robot Process Automation. 
This project implemented a new technological architecture for enabling the end-to-end automation 
of low-value-added processes/activities, resulting in more satisfied customers and money-saving

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
efficiencies for the Issuer. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes that showed more 
potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will be extended 
gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the bank's IT 
strategy modernisation roadmap; 
• 
Implementation of the new 3-D SECURE TECHNOLOGY, provided by SIBS, that ensures the highest 
level of security in preventing fraud in cards payments, by incorporating the use of SCA (strong 
customer authentication) in e-commerce operations carried out with payments cards; 
• 
Implementation of new fraud prevention and detection service for transactions carried out on the 
Issuer's multichannel platform, offered by Paywatch. The service is available in an as-a-service 
(FPaaS) model, based on the experience and knowledge of the SIBS FPS teams on fraud in electronic 
payment and cybersecurity and supported on a state-of-the-art technological platform 
(SaferPayments); 
• 
New digital customer journeys using the Digital Onboarding solution technology incorporating 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; and 
• 
APP Aprova – a new security solution for Strong Customer Authentication. A multi-factor mobile-
first transactional authentication system that allows customers to authenticate sensitive online 
banking operations on a Mobile Phone. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In November 2016, Banco Montepio was notified by the Bank of Portugal of administrative proceedings 
relating to alleged violations of certain AML procedures (administrative proceeding (processo de 
contraordenação) no. 84/14/CO). These proceedings relate to events that occurred prior to 12 August 
2016 and concern alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties pertaining to the 
implementation of required mechanisms allowing for: (a) the identification and the knowledge of the 
ownership and control of corporate entities; (b) information on the origin of funds; (c) information updates 
relating to banking entities; (d) extension to affiliates of measures equivalent to those foreseen in Law 
25/2008, of 5 June; (e) system parameters for high risk operations; and (f) the provision of information 
reports to the Prosecutor General's Office (Procuradoria Geral da República) of operations potentially 
related to AML. Banco Montepio presented its defence in January 2017. In January 2020, a decision was 
issued by the Bank of Portugal that determined that Banco Montepio had committed 16 administrative 
offenses, instead of the 142 administrative offenses that were originally alleged. The Bank of Portugal 
issued a single fine of €400,000. Banco Montepio challenged Bank of Portugal's decision with the 
Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of 
Santarém. 
On 21 February 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of an unfavourable ruling under an administrative 
proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 102/14/CO) whereby Bank of Portugal imposed on Banco 
Montepio an administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million and an ancillary sanction consisting of the 
publication of the final ruling. No further sanctions have been imposed upon Banco Montepio. This 
administrative proceeding relates to events that occurred between 1 January 2009 and 2 September 2014 
and concerns alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties regarding, in general terms: 
(a) its internal control system procedures, (b) the assessment and approval of intragroup credit operations, 
(c) the calculation of specific credit provisions, and (d) the implementation at Banco Montepio’s 
subsidiaries of suitable procedures to assess the origin of funds of the subscribers of the participation 
units representative of the Participation Fund of Banco Montepio. The origin of these non-compliant 
events has been addressed and Banco Montepio is now compliant with these duties. Banco Montepio 
judicially challenged this ruling on 22 April 2019. On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of 
a favourable ruling whereby the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, 
Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém held that the first notice of indictment issued by the Bank of Portugal

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
on 7 March 2017, is null and void, and annulled the initial ruling whereby the Bank of Portugal imposed 
the administrative fine (coima) of € 2.5 million. The Court also ordered the annulment of all notifications 
issued and referred the case back to the Bank of Portugal so that a new valid decision could be issued. 
Bank of Portugal and the State Prosecutor (Ministério Público) both challenged this ruling of annulment.  
The discussion and judgment hearing with regards to the above-mentioned administrative proceedings 
no. 102/14/CO and no. 84/14/CO ended in early 2021. The relevant Court ruled that these two 
administrative proceedings would merge into a single administrative proceeding, in which Banco 
Montepio was acquitted of 29 administrative offences and convicted of 14 offences imposing a single fine 
of €1 million, which was suspended at €500,000. Banco Montepio appealed and a decision is awaited from 
the relevant Court. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome 
of these proceedings.  
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the 
administrative process PRC-2012/9 (“Decision”), in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other 
Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial 
information, in breach of Article 9 of Law 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million. The Decision 
was appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other Portuguese banks) to the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém. By appealing this 
Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be suspended until a final decision is made. On 28 April 2022 
the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of 
Santarém proved that the financial institutions exchanged sensitive information on the commercial 
conditions of credit but had doubts whether such institutions infringed competition rules because it was 
not proven that this practice had an impact on customers. Therefore, the case was transferred to the Court 
of Justice of the European Union to apply an objective test on whether such exchange of information had 
an impact on competition. Ultimately the proceedings were suspended on the basis of the statute of 
limitations (com suspensão do prazo prescricional) and remitted to the Luxembourg court because of the 
risks of the case being time-barred. Based on all the relevant circumstances, management of the Issuer 
considers it unlikely that the administrative fine (coima) will eventuate. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Banco Montepio is not aware of any claim for damages related to the Decision or to the related 
facts.  
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Bank of Portugal of administrative proceedings 
(processo de contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning 
accounting standards and internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. The fines in relation 
to those alleged violations range from €3,000 (lowest minimum limit) to €5,000,000 (highest maximum 
limit), which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio 
challenged these proceedings and submitted the relevant evidence to support its position. On 26 January 
2022, the Bank of Portugal published the decision condemning Banco Montepio and ordering it to pay a 
single fine of €475,000. Banco Montepio has challenged the decision with the Competition, Regulation 
and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém, so the decision is 
not yet final and conclusive. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the 
outcome of these proceedings.  
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period 
covering at least the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a 
significant effect on Banco Montepio’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Outlook under COVID-19 
Banco Montepio has operational risk management instruments, including a Business Continuity Plan. The 
plan was activated to ensure the best safety conditions for all employees, customers and suppliers in order 
to ensure the continuity of financial services and the maintenance of banking operations with as much 
normality and fluidity as possible. A set of risk mitigating measures have been implemented in order to 
ensure normal business operation. 
As foreseen in the business continuity plan, Banco Montepio's crisis management office was also 
activated, which is responsible for crisis management, implementation and monitoring of an operational 
continuity plan and coordination of the business recovery and return to normality teams. 
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has brought several challenges, Banco Montepio has managed to 
provide timely solutions to the emerging needs guided by the principle of protecting the safety and health 
of its employees and customers. 
As a result of the necessary adjustment to the COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty about the 
development of the recovery of economic activity, Banco Montepio is in the process of implementing 
several measures in order to accelerate the digital transition, adjust its service model and increase 
efficiency, while preserving the convergence to the main goals defined in its strategy.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER CORPORATE AND GOVERNING BODIES OF THE ISSUER 
Following the implementation of the 2013 Articles of Association, the Issuer’s governing structure 
comprises management and supervisory bodies separate from those of MGAM. Nonetheless, as the Issuer 
is an entity 99.99 per cent. owned by MGAM, there is a core of shared strategic principles.  
In the General Meeting held on 30 April 2015, which continued on 27 May 2015, a partial amendment of 
the Issuer’s by-laws was approved. The amended by-laws were ratified by the General Meeting of MGAM 
held on 25 June 2015. 
One of the key amendments to the Issuer’s by-laws was to how members of the different governing bodies 
were elected. In accordance with the amended by-laws, as approved in the said General Meeting of 
MGAM held on 25 June 2015, all governing bodies are elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer (i.e. 
members of the Board of Directors of MGAM are no longer statutorily members of the General and 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer). 
One other relevant amendment was the inclusion of new governing bodies, as foreseen in RGICSF: (i) a 
Remuneration Committee; (ii) an Evaluation Committee; and (iii) a Risk Committee. The members of these 
new governing bodies were also elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer. 
On 22 July 2015 an Issuer’s Extraordinary General Meeting was convened to elect, inter alia, the members 
of its Executive Board of Directors and General and Supervisory Board for the term 2015/2018. This 
Extraordinary General Meeting took place on 5 August 2015. 
Following the approval of the Savings Banks Act, which entered into force on 10 October 2015, and the 
resolution of the Bank of Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act, an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened on 22 November 2016, to discuss Banco Montepio's 
transformation into a public limited liability company and consequently amend its Articles of Association. 
The transformation into a public limited liability company was further discussed in an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Issuer held on 4 April 2017, in accordance with number 2 of Article 6 of the Savings 
Banks Act. This adopted resolutions that needed to be ratified by resolution of the General Meeting of 
MGAM, which held an extraordinary session on 9 May 2017, in accordance with Article 6 (4) (g) of the 
Decree-Law 190/2015, of 10 September, Articles 32 and 33 of Banco Montepio’s by-laws and Article 25 (g) 
of the MGAM’s by-laws.  
It should also be noted that the effectiveness of the resolutions taken at the Extraordinary General 
Meeting held on 4 April 2017, regarding Banco Montepio’s transformation into a public limited liability 
company, only occurred after Banco Montepio’s commercial registration, which took place on 14 
September 2017.  
On 14 September 2017, the deed was executed, converting Banco Montepio into a public limited liability 
company, and changing its legal name to Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
Banco Montepio’s corporate governance, after its transformation into a public limited liability company 
and as provided in Article 6 of the new by-laws, maintained the General Meeting, the General and 
Supervisory Board, the Executive Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditor as the governing bodies of 
Banco Montepio, but the Remuneration Committee, the Evaluation Committee and the Risks Committee 
became Corporate Bodies of Banco Montepio. Two new corporate bodies, the Financial Matters 
Commission and the Company Secretary of Banco Montepio, were also added. 
Pursuant to the resolutions taken in the General Meeting of Banco Montepio, the members of the 
Executive Board of Directors and the General and Supervisory Board maintained their terms in the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
statutory bodies after the transformation of the Issuer into a public limited liability company (sociedade 
anónima). 
Banco Montepio’s corporate governance was a two-tier model, which included an Executive Board of 
Directors, a General and Supervisory Board and a Statutory Auditor. Pursuant to the Issuer's corporate 
governance, the General and Supervisory Board was the body responsible for the supervision, monitoring 
and counselling of the Issuer's activity. 
Meanwhile, the Issuer implemented an important change in its corporate governance and, since 16 March 
2018, it has operated a one-tier corporate structure with a Board of Directors, including an Audit 
Committee and an external independent auditor. 
Pursuant to the corporate governance model adopted by the Issuer – the one-tier Anglo-Saxon model – 
and following the approval in the General Meeting held on 16 March 2018, the corporate bodies for the 
2018-2021 term were elected and the new Articles of Association were approved. 
The Articles of Association were further amended on 30 October 2018, according to which the Board of 
Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of twelve and maximum of nineteen members, including a 
non-executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting of 
Shareholders, and, in addition to its legal duties, shall undertake the Issuer’s management pursuant to 
Article 13 of the Articles of Association. The Board of Directors shall delegate the current management of 
the Issuer on an Executive Committee, appointing its members and defining their respective 
competencies, operating rules and the limits of its powers, and shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, who 
cannot be the Chairperson of the Board of Directors. 
The non-executive members of the Board that form the Audit Committee have supervisory powers (i.e. 
they are prevented from exercising executive tasks) and are responsible for overseeing the management 
of the Issuer. 
The auditor is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that 
includes its opinion. An audit performed by the auditor is conducted in accordance with the International 
Standards on Auditing and other technical and ethical standards and recommendations issued by the 
Institute of Statutory Auditors. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Articles of Association in force, approved at the universal shareholders' 
meeting (assembleia geral universal) of Banco Montepio held on 29 April 2022, Banco Montepio's 
Governing Bodies are the: 
a) 
General Meeting of Shareholders; 
b) 
Board of Directors, which includes an Audit Committee; and 
c) 
Statutory Auditor. 
The General Meeting Board, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Statutory Auditor, shall 
be elected pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Association. The term of office shall be four years and 
members may be re-elected. 
Considering in particular the period legally established for the exercise of the Statutory Auditor’s functions 
and without prejudice of the imperatively established limits that may be applicable, the General Meeting 
may, by the same majority necessary for the amendment of the Articles of Association, establish the 
mandate of the Statutory Auditor for a minimum period of one year and a maximum of four years. 
The members of the governing bodies are elected at the General Meeting, in accordance with Articles 9 
and 11 of the Articles of Association.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
The governing bodies for the 2022-2025 term, elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, were 
authorised by the Bank of Portugal on 19 July 2022 and took office on 25 July 2022. 
The Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer and the relevant members for the mandate 2022-2025 
are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 
and started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of Bank of Portugal on 19 July 2022. The 
following are the current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
Name  
Other positions 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
President of 
the Board of 
Directors 
(Chairman) 
No other positions| 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva 
Barroso 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica  
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão 
President of 
the Executive 
Committee 
(CEO) 
Vice-President of the Board of 
Directors of Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A. 
Co-opted Member of the Board of 
Directors of Montepio Investimento, 
S.A. (authorization by the Bank of 
Portugal pending) 
Ângela Isabel Sancho Barros 
Executive 
Member 
Co-opted Member of the Board of 
Directors of Montepio Investimento, 
S.A. (authorization by the Bank of 
Portugal pending) 
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares de Moura 
Costa Pina 
Executive 
member 
Representative of Banco Montepio 
in Montepio Gestão de Activos 
Imobiliários, ACE

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Isabel Cristina dos Santos Pereira da Silva 
Executive 
member 
Co-opted Member of the Board of 
Directors of Montepio Investimento, 
S.A. (authorization by the Bank of 
Portugal pending) 
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva Baião 
Executive 
member 
No other positions 
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus 
Executive 
member 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Non-Executive Member of the Board 
of Directors of Banco Montepio Geral 
Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal. 
S.A. – in dissolution 
 
Areas of responsibility of the Board of Directors' Chairman and each executive member of the Board of 
Directors: 
 
Area of Responsibility 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
President of the Board of Directors 
(Chairman) 
Audit and Inspection Division (hierarchical reporting, 
functional reporting to the Audit Committee) 
Pedro Leitão 
President of The Executive Board 
(CEO) 
Staff Management Division(1) 
Communication and Brand Division 
Marketing Division 
Commercial Dynamics Division 
Isabel Silva 
Executive Member 
North and Centre Commercial Division 
South and Autonomous Regions Commercial Division 
Social Economy and Public Sector Commercial Division 
Business Banking Division 
José Carlos Mateus 
Executive Member 
Financial and International Division 
Strategic Planning and Control Division 
Credit Analysis Division

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Area of Responsibility 
Accounting and Financial Reporting Division 
Financial Assets Monitoring Office 
Economic and Financial Studies Office 
Investor Relations Office 
Ângela Barros 
Executive Member 
Risk Division 
Compliance Division 
Data Protection Office 
Model Validation Office 
Specialized Credit Analysis Division 
Helena Soares de Moura 
Executive Member 
Staff Management Division(1) 
Legal Division 
Transformation and Innovation Division 
Corporate Governance Division 
Customer's and Quality Office 
Internal Control Office 
Real Estate Area (2) 
Jorge Baião 
Executive Member 
Information Systems Division 
Services and Operations Division 
Credit Recovery Division 
Information Management Office 
Cybersecurity Office 
Shared Services Unit (2) 
Procurement (2) 
(1) 
With accompanying delegation by Helena Soares de Moura 
(2) 
Shared service areas that are not part of the Banco Montepio organisation chart

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
General Meeting Board 
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 
2022 and each member started their role on the same date, with the appointment lasting until 2025.  
The following were the members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer: 
Name 
Other positions 
António Manuel Lopes Tavares 
Chairperson 
Not applicable 
Cassiano da Cunha Calvão 
Secretary 
Not applicable 
Audit Committee 
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 
and each member started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of the Bank of Portugal on 19 
July 2022, with the appointment lasting until 2025. The following are the members of the Audit Committee 
of the Issuer: 
Name 
Other positions 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus 
Silva Barroso 
Chairperson 
No other position 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Member 
No other positions 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
Member 
No other positions 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
Member 
No other positions 
Evaluation, Appointments, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Name 
 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
Chairperson 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva Barroso 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
Member 
Risk Committee 
Name 
 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Chairperson 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
Member

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Remuneration Committee 
Additionally, at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, the Shareholders also approved the election 
of the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting provided for in Article 11 c) of Banco Montepio's 
Articles of Association, as detailed below: 
Name 
 
Paulo Câmara Pires dos Santos 
Chairperson 
António Miguel Lino Pereira Gaio 
Member 
Statutory Auditor  
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at 
CMVM under number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 
3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado (ROC no. 1074) and Carlos José 
Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), was elected as Statutory Auditor for the year 2022 in the General 
Meeting held on 29 April 2022. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda is a member of 
the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under no. 183. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
Governing and Corporate bodies – areas of focus 
According to the Articles of Association, the areas of focus of each governing body and corporate body are 
as follows: 
General Meeting 
The General Meeting of Banco Montepio consists of shareholders who have voting rights. Each share 
represents one vote. Only shareholders with voting rights and who, at registration date (zero hours (GMT) 
of the fifth working day prior to the Meeting’s date), own at least one share, may attend, speak and vote 
at the General Meeting, personally or through a representative. 
The General Meeting Board comprises a Chair and a Secretary, both elected at the General Meeting. The 
Chair is required to:  
1) 
Call the General Meeting and chair its proceedings;  
2) 
Inform the appropriate authorities, within the legal deadlines, of the outcomes of General Meeting 
decisions and the names of those elected to the Company’s Governing Bodies;  
3) 
Vest the members of the Governing Bodies, of Corporate Offices and members of Committees 
elected at a General Meeting with their respective powers;  
4) 
Consider any justifications of absence submitted; and  
5) 
Accept and deal with appeals lodged with the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the law 
and within the official deadlines. 
The ordinary General Meeting discusses the matters submitted to the Annual General Meeting, under 
Article 376 (1) of the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), and any other 
matters included on the agenda. The General Meeting may also be held extraordinarily whenever one is 
convened in accordance with the law and the Articles of Association.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
General Meeting decisions are taken by a simple majority of votes cast, unless otherwise prescribed under 
the law or the Articles of Association. General Meeting decisions regarding changes to the Articles of 
Association, merger, splits, transformation or winding-up of the Company shall only be valid if approved 
by 2/3 (two-thirds) of the votes cast. 
General Meetings of Banco Montepio take decisions on the matters assigned to them by the law and the 
Articles of Association, and it is charged with:  
1) 
Electing members of the General Meeting Board the Governing Bodies; 
2) 
Electing the Statutory Auditor, following a proposal from the Audit Committee; 
3) 
Electing, every four years, a Remuneration Committee comprised of three independent members 
empowered to set the remuneration of Governing Bodies members, pursuant to Article 399 (1) of 
the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais);  
4) 
Discussing the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the 
proposed profit distribution; 
5) 
Conducting a general appraisal of Banco Montepio’s management and supervision, with the scope 
established in the law; 
6) 
Assessing the guidelines set out in the multiannual plans and updates, following a proposal from 
the Board of Directors; 
7) 
Discussing the Company’s geographical presence policy;  
8) 
Discussing the Board of Directors’ report on subsidiaries;  
9) 
Being informed, pursuant to the law, of appeals lodged. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of 12 and maximum of 19 members, including a 
non-executive Chair, all of whom elected at a General Meeting.  
The Board of Directors acts as a body and may take decisions as long as a majority of its members is 
present. It shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month. Decisions shall be taken 
by the majority of votes cast by the members present, and the Chair has a casting vote. 
Notwithstanding the other duties assigned by law, the Board of Directors is charged with managing the 
Issuer, in particular:  
1) 
Requesting the convening of General Meetings;  
2) 
The preparation of the annual management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for 
the year and the proposed profit distribution, accompanied by the Audit Committee’s opinion, to 
be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for approval;  
3) 
Approving, annually, the action program and the budget for the following year, after receiving the 
Audit Committee’s opinion;  
4) 
Discussing the purchase, sale and encumbrance of assets;  
5) 
Discussing the opening and closure of offices and any other form of representation;  
6) 
Discussing the expansion and curtailing of Banco Montepio’s business and changes to its functional 
structure; 
7) 
Setting, in general terms, the interest rates, commissions, and prices to apply to banking 
transactions and services rendered;

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
8) 
Discussing the signing and termination of cooperation agreements with other institutions and 
Banco Montepio’s membership of associations; 
9) 
Discussing the issuing of bond loans and non-convertible debt instruments; 
10) 
Discussing the purchase, sale or encumbrance of any financial holdings in companies or groups of 
companies;  
11) 
Requesting admission to trading on a regulated market of securities issued by Banco Montepio; 
12) 
Preparing mergers, split and transformation proposals;  
13) 
Setting up the committees and commissions it deems necessary to fulfil its duties and appointing 
their members and chairs;  
14) 
Representing Banco Montepio in or out of court, and undertake to abide by arbitration;  
15) 
Co-opting Directors;  
16) 
Appointing the Company Secretary and his/her alternate;  
17) 
Appointing Banco Montepio’s representatives to the governing bodies of institutions in which it has 
holdings or is a member. 
The Board of Directors is charged with delegating the current management of Banco Montepio to an 
Executive Committee, as well as charging one or more directors with the handling of certain management 
matters, within the legally defined limits. 
The Board of Directors shall define the composition, operating rules and the powers of the Executive 
Committee, and shall appoint its chair and, eventually, a vice-chair.  
In addition to the committees referred to in the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may also 
approve the appointment of committees to monitor, on a permanent basis, specific matters, and such 
committees shall be chaired by a member of the Board of Directors. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 5 members, elected at a General Meeting 
from among the non-executive members of the Board of Directors. If one is not appointed by the General 
Meeting, the Audit Committee shall nominate a Chair from among its members.  
Notwithstanding any legal requirements, the Audit Committee shall undertake a permanent assessment 
of Banco Montepio, in particular as regards its financial performance, the devising of the institution’s 
strategy and general policies, the group’s business structure and the decisions deemed strategic due to 
the sums or risks involved and, in particular:  
1) 
Monitor Banco Montepio’s management;  
2) 
Monitor compliance with the law and the Articles of Association;  
3) 
Check the correctness of the company’s ledgers, accounting records and supporting documents;  
4) 
Check the accuracy of the accounting documents;  
5) 
Check whether the accounting policies and valuation criteria employed by Banco Montepio ensure 
the proper valuation of its assets and profits;  
6) 
Prepare an annual report on its audit work and give its opinion on the report, accounts and 
proposals submitted by the Board, as well as on the action plan and budget;  
7) 
Convene a General Meeting whenever the Chair of the General Meeting Board fails to do so;

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
8) 
Monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system;  
9) 
Receive notices of irregularities sent by Banco Montepio shareholders, employees or others;  
10) 
Monitor the preparation and disclosure of financial information;  
11) 
Propose to the General Meeting the appointment of the Statutory Auditor;  
12) 
Monitor the auditing of Banco Montepio’s financial statements;  
13) 
Monitor the independence of the Statutory Auditor, particularly in regard to the provision of 
additional services. 
The Audit Committee Chair shall convene and preside over meetings of the Audit Committee and has a 
casting vote.  
The Audit Committee shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month, and whenever 
convened by its Chair, on his/her own initiative or at the request of any of its members or of the Chair of 
the Board of Directors.  
Whenever it deems it necessary, the Audit Committee shall summon to its working sessions any person 
belonging to the Banco Montepio’s structure, as well as the external auditors.  
Members of the Audit Committee shall take part in meetings of the Executive Committee whenever the 
accounts for the year are appraised.  
The Audit Committee keeps a written record of all checks, audits and complaints received and actions 
taken, and the respective outcomes. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee consists of three members, including a Chair, appointed by the Board of Directors 
from among its non-executive members, and must have the knowledge, skills and experience required by 
law. The majority of Risk Committee members, including the Chair, must have the status of independent.  
The Risk Committee is in charge of performing the duties set out in the law and, in particular:  
1) 
Advising the Board of Directors as to Banco Montepio’s risk appetite and its general, current and 
future risk strategy;  
2) 
Assisting the Board of Directors in supervising the implementation of Banco Montepio’s risk 
strategy;  
3) 
Analysing the terms and conditions of Banco Montepio’s products and services and providing the 
Board of Directors with a correction plan whenever its analysis shows that the terms and conditions 
do not adequately reflect the risk;  
4) 
Examining whether the incentives defined in Banco Montepio’s remuneration policy take into 
consideration risk, capital, liquidity and expectations as to results; 
5) 
Supervise the execution of strategies regarding all Banco Montepio's significant risks, in order to 
assess their suitability in relation to the approved risk policy and strategy, the risk appetite 
statement and the capital and liquidity policy; 
6) 
Analyze a set of possible scenarios, including stress scenarios, to assess how Banco Montepio's risk 
profile would react to external and internal events; 
7) 
Make recommendations to the Board of Directors on necessary adjustments to the risk strategy.  
The Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Evaluation, Appointment, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Following the general principle of optimizing the structure, the Board of Directors, on its meeting held on 
25 July 2022, under the provisions of Article 14 (3) of the Articles of Association, considered it adequate 
to appoint a committee to support the Board in matters of ethics, sustainability and corporate governance 
and also in matters relating to evaluations and appointments. 
The Evaluation, Appointments, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee is comprised of three 
members, including its Chair, all appointed by the Board of Directors from amongst its non-executive 
members. In accordance with the criteria provided for in the applicable legal and regulatory provisions 
and in the internal policy for the selection and assessment of the suitability of the members of the 
management and supervisory bodies, the majority of the Committee’s members must have independent 
statute, and must have, individually and collectively, the knowledge, experience and skills necessary for 
fulfilling their duties. 
The Evaluation, Appointments, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee is responsible for 
assisting the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee appointed by the General Meeting in 
the exercise of their respective powers, in terms of (a) selection and assessment of suitability, profile and 
performance, (b) remuneration and incentives created in this context to risk, capital and liquidity 
management effects, and (c) ethics, sustainability and corporate governance. 
The Statutory Auditor 
The Statutory Auditor, elected at a General Meeting, following a proposal from the Audit Committee, shall 
possess the skills required by law, namely by the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades 
Comerciais), and is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's 
report that includes its opinion. The Statutory Auditor shall attend General Meetings at which the accounts 
are appraised and whenever his presence is requested. 
Conflicts of Interest 
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective 
boards, none of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other principal activities as listed above. 
Business Addresses 
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members 
listed above is Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. AND ITS 
RELATIONSHIP WITH MGAM 
The information disclosed below in relation to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista MGAM is presented 
for information only. MGAM is not responsible for payments on the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme which are the sole responsibility of Banco Montepio. 
Banco Montepio is a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under 
the supervision of the Bank of Portugal. It has separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is 
MGAM, with 99.99 per cent. shareholding. MGAM has no responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio’s 
debts. For the avoidance of doubt, MGAM will not guarantee any Covered Bonds that may be issued 
pursuant to this Base prospectus. 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM (caixa económica anexa) 
with a view to paying MGAM its annual net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco 
Montepio’s Articles of Association) so as to enable MGAM to meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit 
association (associação mutualista).  
MGAM is a “private institution of social support” (i.e. a instituição particular de solidariedade social of the 
mutual benefits association type (associação mutualista)) whose principal goals are to promote and 
develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and 
other beneficiaries nominated by them. MGAM is not permitted to carry out banking or trading activities. 
It is limited to its principal social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish subsidiaries and can 
invest its funds in a number of ways. It is subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As at 31 
December 2021, the total number of MGAM’s permanent members was 601,606 (598,438 as at 31 
December 2020). The welfare schemes which MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement 
benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, 
study schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. 
MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members’ savings 
plans (modalidades mutualistas). Those funds are invested in property and a number of different types 
of securities and equity participations, particularly financial institutions (including its interest in Banco 
Montepio). It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of organisations in health and welfare. 
Other activities include the organisation of members’ social functions, publication of a members’ 
magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio’s share capital or otherwise to support 
Banco Montepio.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR 
Portugal is a founding member of the Economic and Monetary European Union and adopted the single 
European currency, the euro, on 1 January 1999. To be part of such an important project and to become 
a Euro-zone member, Portugal had to implement convergence policies and a steady process of 
deregulation and liberalisation of the financial sector, which has resulted in important structural and 
operational changes in banking regulations in order to bring them into line with European Commission 
(“EC”) legislative practice. 
Regulations governing financial institutions have undergone a series of amendments since 1992. In 
particular, the RGICSF, establishes the conditions for the access to the activity of credit institutions and 
financial companies. It largely reflects the European Union (“EU”) Directives in this field, and covers the 
following aspects: authorisation and registration procedures; assessment of the suitability of qualifying 
shareholders; assessment of the suitability and professional qualifications of the members of the 
management and auditing boards; rules of conduct and relationship with clients; cooperation with other 
authorities; rules and prudential limits, including on capital buffer requirements; supervisory procedures; 
corrective measures, interim management and resolution; deposit guarantee; penalty framework. 
The RGICSF introduced a comprehensive regulatory framework into Portugal in line with EC directives, 
which adopted the “universal bank” model and included several regulatory measures such as: the 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (Basel III); the strengthening of the 
“fit and proper evaluation” for members of corporate bodies and other relevant officials; the 
establishment of prudential and supervisory rules; the regulation for foreign banks operating in Portugal 
and Portuguese banks operating abroad; the restrictions in the social bodies’ remuneration policy. 
The increasingly competitive environment gave rise to a number of acquisitions amongst Portuguese 
banks and the establishment of larger financial groups in Portugal, more cross-selling initiatives, and 
increased focus on the expansion of the market for personal loans, mortgages and credit cards in Portugal, 
more frequent advertising campaigns and competitive pricing strategies. 
On 30 July 2014, Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (“BES”) announced losses largely above the foreseeable values 
in the light of information disclosed by BES and its external auditor. The results disclosed on 30 July 2014 
reflected the practice of management acts seriously detrimental to the interests of BES and the violation 
of determinations of the Bank of Portugal that prohibited an increase in the exposure to other entities of 
the Grupo Espírito Santo.  
Against this background, problems arose regarding the continuity of BES activity. Considering the 
importance of BES in the Portuguese banking system and in the financing to the economy, these problems 
endangered the stability of the national payment and financial systems, which prompted an imperative 
and very urgent intervention by the Bank of Portugal.  
The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (“BES”) 
The Board of Directors of the Bank of Portugal decided on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure 
to BES. The general activity and assets of BES were transferred, immediately and definitively, to a bridge 
bank, Novo Banco, S.A. (“Novobanco”), which was specifically set up for this purpose with management 
appointed by the Bank of Portugal, which was duly capitalised and held no problem assets. Deposits have 
been fully preserved, as well as all unsubordinated bonds. 
The contents of the contractual relationship with the customers remained unchanged. The branches of 
Novobanco continued to operate as usual and the BES’ employees became Novobanco’s employees, their 
rights being safeguarded. 
With the application of a resolution measure to BES a separation was made between:

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
• 
problem assets, which in essence corresponded to liabilities of other entities of the Grupo Espírito 
Santo and to shareholdings of Banco Espírito Santo Angola, S.A. whose losses were borne by the 
shareholders and subordinated creditors of BES; and  
• 
the remaining assets and liabilities, which were integrated in Novobanco, a duly capitalised bank, 
and ensured full continuity of the institution’s activity, with no impact on its customers, 
collaborators or suppliers. 
In line with the EC regulatory framework, the capitalisation of Novobanco was ensured by the Resolution 
Fund, supported by the financial sector, and the losses related to problem assets were borne by 
shareholders and subordinated creditors of BES. Novo Banco is subject to the Bank of Portugal’s 
supervision and is obliged to comply with all legal and regulatory rules applicable to Portuguese banks. 
The equity capital of Novo Banco, to the amount of €4.9 billion, was fully underwritten by the Resolution 
Fund. The Resolution Fund’s sources of funding are the contributions paid by its member institutions and 
the proceeds from the levy over the banking sector, which, according to applicable regulations, are 
collected without jeopardising the solvency ratios. 
As the Resolution Fund started its operations in 2012 and did not have sufficient financial resources 
available to finance the resolution measure applied to BES, the Resolution Fund took out a loan from the 
Portuguese Government in an amount of €3.9 billion and a loan from the institutions participating in the 
Resolution Fund in an amount of €700 million, both to be paid until December 2046. 
On 29 December 2015, the Board of Directors of the Bank of Portugal approved a number of decisions 
that completed the resolution measure applied to BES. Based on evidence that the economic and financial 
situation of Novobanco had been negatively affected since the date of its setting-up by additional losses 
which were related to events predating the resolution date, the Bank of Portugal decided to transfer the 
liability for certain non-subordinated bonds issued by the latter, and offered to institutional investors, 
back to BES. 
The nominal amount of the bonds retransferred to BES totalled €1,941 million and corresponded to a 
balance-sheet amount of €1,985 million. These bonds were originally issued by BES and were specifically 
placed with qualified investors, with a minimum denomination of €100,000. 
The original resolution decision expressly provided that the Bank of Portugal, as the Resolution Authority, 
in use of its powers, could at any time re-transfer assets and liabilities between BES and Novobanco. In 
accordance with the Bank of Portugal, this measure was necessary to ensure that, as stipulated in the 
resolution regime, the losses of BES were absorbed by this institution’s shareholders and creditors and 
not by the resolution fund or the taxpayers, protecting all depositors of Novobanco, the creditors for 
services provided and other categories of unsecured creditors.  
In addition to the measure mentioned above, the Bank of Portugal made a final adjustment to the 
perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to 
Novobanco, namely including (i) clarification that no liabilities have been transferred to Novobanco that 
were contingent or unknown on the date the resolution measure was applied to BES; (ii) retransfer to BES 
of the shareholding in BES Finance, which was necessary to ensure full compliance with and application 
of the resolution measure as regards the non-transfer to Novobanco of subordinated debt instruments 
issued by BES; (iii) clarification that it was the Resolution Fund’s responsibility, upon the fulfilment of 
certain conditions, to make neutral for Novobanco – through an appropriate measure – potential negative 
effects of future decisions, resulting from the resolution process and giving rise to liabilities or 
contingencies.  
These decisions were the final and definitive adjustment of the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-
balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novobanco, which was deemed

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
definitively fixed. As a consequence, the Bank of Portugal asked the European Central Bank to withdraw 
the authorisation of BES, starting the judicial liquidation proceedings. 
These developments, as well as the agreement with the European Commission on the commitments to 
be applied to Novobanco, removed uncertainties and made a positive contribution to the relaunch of the 
sale process of the Resolution Fund’s participation in the share capital of Novobanco in January 2016. 
On 20 February 2017, the Bank of Portugal announced that it had selected Lone Star for the final stage of 
exclusive negotiations with a view to agreeing the final terms and conditions for the sale of Novobanco. 
The Bank of Portugal then conducted the second sale process of Novobanco after the application of the 
resolution measure to BES in August 2014. On 31 March 2017, the Bank of Portugal announced that a 
share purchase and subscription agreement relating to the share capital of Novobanco was entered into 
between the Resolution Fund and Lone Star Fund, which was pending the completion of the compliance 
with several conditions precedent.  
The sale process of Novobanco was concluded on 18 October 2017 with an injection by the new 
shareholder (investment funds managed by North-American group Lone Star) of €750 million and €250 
million, carried out in October and December, respectively. The conclusion of this operation brought to a 
close a complex negotiation process with the new shareholder, European institutions and other domestic 
institutions, in close cooperation with the Portuguese Government. 
Since 18 October 2017 Novobanco is held by Lone Star and the Resolution Fund, which hold 75 per cent. 
and 25 per cent. of the share capital, respectively. Novobanco ceased to be a transition bank and started 
to operate on a normal basis, although it is still subject to certain measures imposed by the European 
competition authority restricting its activity. 
Prior to the sale, Novobanco undertook a Liability Management Exercise (“LME”) on 36 bond series with 
a book value of approximately €3 billion. The operation was successful, having achieved the purchase and 
redemption of bonds representing 73 per cent. of their book value. 
In line with the conditions agreed in the sale process of Novobanco, a Contingent Capital Agreement 
(“CCA”) was set up, which will be managed by the Resolution Fund that retained a 25 per cent. stake in 
the capital of Novobanco. This agreement is in force until 31 December 2025 (and may be extended until 
31 December 2026) and is limited to an absolute maximum amount of €3.89 billion compensation for 
losses that may be recognised in some of Novobanco’s problematic assets, in case its capital ratios 
decrease below a predefined threshold. 
On 28 March 2018, Novobanco announced the results for the year 2017, which resulted in the activation 
of the contingent capitalisation mechanism provided for in the agreements entered into in connection 
with the sale of Novobanco. 
The amount to be paid by the Resolution Fund under the CCA shall be the lowest amount resulting from 
the comparison between the accumulated value of the losses on the assets that make up the CCA and the 
value of the insufficiency of capital of Novobanco compared to the agreed levels. 
The Resolution Fund payments are settled after the legal certification of Novobanco’s accounts and after 
a verification procedure to be carried out by an independent entity, to confirm that the amount payable 
by the Resolution Fund has been correctly determined. 
The Resolution Fund made a payment of about €792 million in 2018, €1,149 million in 2019, €1,035 million 
in May 2020 and €429 million in 2021 (€317 million in June and €112 million in December). 
To this end, the Resolution Fund used its own resources (resulting from contributions due, directly and 
indirectly, by the banking sector) and also resorted to a loan from the State, amounting to €450 million in 
2018, and €850 million in 2019 and 2020, which corresponds to the annual maximum amount agreed

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
between the Resolution Fund and the Portuguese Government in October 2017. The amount paid by the 
Resolution Fund in 2021 was fully financed with resources from a loan obtained from seven Portuguese 
credit institutions. 
With regard to the amount requested to the Resolution Fund, relative to the year 2020, two divergences 
remain outstanding as a result of disputes between Novobanco and the Resolution Fund, concerning (i) 
the provision for discontinued operations in Spain and (ii) the valuation of investment units that are 
subject to an arbitration decision. Novobanco considers these amounts (being €165 million) as due under 
the contingent capitalisation mechanism and is actioning contractual claims to them. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Resolution Fund has already paid to Novobanco 88 per cent. of 
the CCA amount in the first 4 years of the 8 years foreseen for the term of the CCA. 
In the 2021 Results presentation, Novobanco announced that the amount of compensation to be 
requested in 2022, with reference to 2021, amounts to €209.3 million under the CCA as a result of the 
losses incurred on the assets covered by the contingent capitalisation mechanism and the regulatory 
capital requirements applicable at the end of 2021 under the contingent capitalisation mechanism. 
To date, the Resolution Fund has disbursed a total of €8 305 million for financial support to the resolution 
measure applied to BES, of which €4,900 million corresponds to the Novobanco’s capital subscription in 
August 2014, €792 million, €1,149 million, €1,035 million and €429 million to the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 
2021 payments respectively under the CCA. 
In accordance with the Press Release 76/22, of 5 May 2022, published by the Court of Justice of the 
European Union, the Portuguese legislation which provides the basis for the resolution action in respect 
of Banco Espírito Santo is compatible with the right to property. By transposing the directive on the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions only in part prior to the expiry of the period prescribed for 
transposition, Portugal has not compromised the result prescribed by that directive. 
The resolution measure applied to Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. (“Banif”) 
In January 2013 Banif was recapitalised by the Portuguese Government in the amount of €1,100 million 
(€700 million under the form of special shares and €400 million in hybrid instruments). The 
recapitalisation plan also included a capital increase by private investors in the amount of €450 million, 
which was concluded in June 2014. Since then, Banif reimbursed the State with €275 million of hybrid 
instruments, but was not able to reimburse the €125 million tranche that matured in December 2014. 
The public recapitalisation had been approved by the European Commission (DG-COMP), with final 
approval being subject to the presentation of a Restructuring Plan for Banif. Between April 2013 and 
October 2014, Banif submitted to DG-COMP several versions of the Restructuring Plan. However, none of 
the submitted versions was approved and on 24 July 2015, DG-COMP communicated its decision to open 
an in-depth investigation process on the potential State aid to Banif. 
In the period following the recapitalisation of Banif with public funds, the Bank of Portugal, as the 
prudential supervisory authority (a competence that since November 2014 has been exercised by the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism) monitored the institution very closely. 
In that period, there were several deviations from the assumptions considered in Banif’s Recapitalisation 
Plan. In terms of positive deviations, there was a reduction in structure costs and, until the end of 2014, 
an improvement in the liquidity position with the diversification of funding sources and the stability of the 
depositors’ base. However, the absence of an approved restructuring plan, worsened by a less favourable 
economic environment, led to significant negative deviations of Banif’s results from the projected 
amounts. In spite of these difficulties, Banif always maintained its prudential ratios above the legal 
thresholds.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
In the wake of the in-depth investigation procedure opened by the European Commission on the State 
aid received by Banif, and considering the possibility that this aid could be considered illegal and therefore 
its reimbursement would be required, the shareholders and members of the Board of Directors of Banif 
started the process for the sale of the institution. 
On 19 December 2015, the Ministry of Finance informed the Bank of Portugal that it had not been possible 
to sell Banif’s assets and liabilities through a voluntary sale process, since all the proposals submitted by 
potential buyers implied additional State aid. This determined that the sale would have to be made in the 
context of a resolution. 
Taking into consideration (i) the consequences of the possibility that the State aid provided to Banif could 
be declared illegal by the European Commission, which would create a very serious capital shortage; (ii) 
the position of the European bodies that the sale of Banif with recourse to State aid would only be viable 
in the context of a resolution; (iii) the impact of frustrated expectations related to the voluntary sale on 
Banif’s liquidity situation and the resulting risks for the maintenance of its regular payment flows and for 
meeting its obligations towards the customers, the national authorities have decided to sell Banif to Banco 
Santander Totta for the amount of €150 million, in the framework of a resolution tool. 
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which notably resulted 
in the acquisition by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. of a set of rights and obligations, that constituted assets, 
liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif, in the amount of €150 
million, as listed in the resolution passed by the Bank of Portugal in that respect. Accordingly, the overall 
activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, except for the assets transferred to an asset 
management vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the context of the application by the Bank of Portugal of the 
aforementioned resolution measure. This operation involved an estimated public support of €2,255 
million to cover future contingencies, of which €489 million are supported by the Resolution Fund (which 
was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese Government (the “2015 
Portuguese Government Loan”) and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese Government, as a result of 
the definition of the assets, liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif 
perimeter agreed by and between the Portuguese and European authorities and Banco Santander Totta, 
S.A. to be sold in this context. The current outstanding principal amount of the 2015 Portuguese 
Government Loan is €353 million. 
According to this decision, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, with the 
exception of problematic assets which were transferred to an asset management vehicle. Banif 
maintained a very limited set of assets to be wound up in the future, as well as the shareholders’ positions, 
subordinated credit and related entities. The Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking 
system, and thus the outcome of any disposals to be made by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will 
ultimately be borne by the institutions which are required to fund the Resolution Fund, including the 
Issuer. 
Key indicators 
In 2021, the Portuguese banking system's return on assets ("ROA") increased by 0.41 p.p. to 0.45 per cent. 
Return on equity ("ROE") increased by 4.9 p.p. to 5.4 per cent. Operating results remained stable 
compared to 2020. 
Profitability improved as a result of the decrease in net provisions and impairments, and to a lesser degree 
from the increase in results from financial operations. 
After the significant increase in 2020, linked to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the cost of 
credit risk decreased by 0.68 p.p. to 0.33 per cent. in 2021. 
The cost-to-income ratio maintained the trend of reduction that began in 2019, standing at 53.4 per cent.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
in 2021 (-4.4 p.p. compared to 2020). The main contribution to this reduction came from the increase in 
operating income and, to a lesser to a lesser extent, the reduction in operating costs. 
In 2021, the NPL ratio decreased by 1.3 p.p. to 3.6 per cent, which was reflective of the decrease in NPLs 
and the increase in performing loans, with contributions of -0.3 p.p. and -0.1 p.p. respectively. The NPL 
ratio net of impairments stood at 1.7 per cent. 
The gross NPL ratios of NFCs and individuals stood at 8.1 per cent. (-0.3 p.p.) and 2.8 per cent. (-0.2 p.p.) 
respectively, with its change reflecting in particular the reduction in NPLs. 
In 2021, the NPL net impairment ratio was 1.7 per cent. 0.5 p.p. down from December 2020. The NPL 
coverage ratio by impairments decreased 2.8 p.p. to 52.2 per cent. This reflected the decrease in 
accumulated impairments, partially offset by the reduction in NPLs. NFCs decreased by 3.5 p.p. to 52.9 
per cent. For individuals, the coverage ratio increased by 0.6 p.p. to 50.9 per cent., with an increase of 0.3 
p.p. in consumption and other purposes, to 64.8 per cent., and a decrease of 1.5 p.p. in the housing 
segment to 32.6 per cent.. 
In 2021, total assets increased by 8 per cent. This increase was particularly due to the growth in deposits 
at central banks and loans and advances to customers. The loan-to-deposit ratio decreased 3.5 p.p. to 
81.2 per cent. as a result of an increase by 8.7 per cent. in customer deposits, offset by a 8.0 per cent. 
increase in loans and advances to customers. The weight of funding obtained from central banks increased 
by 1.6 p.p to represent 9.4 per cent. of total assets. 
In December 2021, the liquidity coverage ratio was 260 per cent. an increase of 14 p.p. in relation to 
September, especially as a result of the increase in liquid assets. 
In 2021, the Portuguese banking system maintained its trajectory of strengthening capital ratios, with the 
total capital ratio reaching 18.0 per cent, in line with the end of 2020. In the same period, the CET1 rose 
from 15.3 per cent. to 15.5 per cent. This was mainly due to the decrease in RWA, partially offset by the 
decrease in own funds. The RWA density (given by the RWA divided by the total net assets) decreased by 
4.6 p.p. to 44.0 per cent., as a result of an increase in assets and the reduction in RWA. 
In December 2021, the prudential leverage ratio, measured as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to total exposure, 
was 7.0 per cent., representing a decrease by 0.7 p.p. from December 2020. This reflected a greater 
increase in the total exposure of the banking system in light of the increase in Tier 1 capital. 
Banking regulation in Portugal 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to 
extensive regulation by the Bank of Portugal and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) and the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and 
provisioning, as well as extensive regulation by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the 
“CMVM”). 
The Portuguese financial industry has been reacting to a steady stream of changes in the regulatory and 
legal framework since the early 1980s. Portugal implemented legislation bringing Portuguese banking 
regulations in line with EU legislative practice. In particular, the RGICSF made a noticeable impact on the 
Portuguese financial sector by introducing a comprehensive regulatory framework in Portugal in line with 
EU Directives, abolishing the distinction between investment and commercial banks, establishing 
prudential and supervisory rules, revising the regulation of foreign banks operating in Portugal and 
Portuguese banks operating abroad and creating a deposit guarantee fund in order to protect depositors. 
In 2013, the European authorities approved a new legislative package to strengthen the regulation of the 
banking sector and to implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, replacing the 
former Capital Requirements Directives (2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC): (i) Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, establishing new and detailed prudential 
requirements that institutions need to comply with (the Capital Requirements Regulation or “CRR”) and 
(ii) Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 June 2013, on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV or “CRD IV”). The package entered into force on 1 January 2014, but the full 
application of the new Basel III regulations is being gradually introduced, with this process usually being 
referred to as “phasing-in”. The full assumption of the new regulations, without considering transitional 
plans, is referred to as “full implementation”. The “phasing-in” process is currently in force, and it is on 
this basis that the Bank of Portugal defines and requires the regulatory minimum ratios to be complied 
with. 
To ensure a smooth transition to the new Basel III rules, instruments that do not meet the new rules are 
phased out over a 10-year period, provided they were issued prior to 12 September 2010. The CRR set 
the cut-off date at 31 December 2011 (except for instruments used for the recapitalisation of banks by 
Member States, where special rules apply). Under Basel III, capital instruments that do not meet the 
stricter eligibility criteria will be phased out over an eight-year period (starting in 2014). 
By 31 December 2013, EU member states were required to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD IV. The provisions of the CRD IV have already 
been implemented in Portugal. 
The CRR includes provisions regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and 
liquidity ratios. 
With reference to liquidity risks, the Basel III recommendations transposed into CRD IV imply the 
implementation of the liquidity coverage ratios known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) (short-term 
ratio in a severe stress scenario) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) (medium-term). 
The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a 
severe stress scenario. The LCR was introduced gradually starting from October 2015 with a minimum 
level of 60 per cent. and was fully implemented in January 2018 comprising the minimum required ratio 
of 100 per cent., one year earlier than the Basel Committee had recommended. As at 31 December 2021, 
the Issuer’s LCR stood at 264.1 per cent. (200.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020), above the 100 per 
cent. minimum regulatory requirement in force since 1 January 2018.  
The NSFR, which was to be implemented in 2018 but was delayed until June 2021, will seek to establish a 
minimum acceptable amount of stable funding based on the liquidity characteristics of an institution's 
assets and activities over one year period. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's NSFR stood at 125.3 per 
cent. (109.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020), above the 100 per cent. minimum regulatory requirement 
that will be in force. 
Banks’ strategies had to change with respect to liquidity compliance and a more sustainable balance 
sheet. In order to meet the requirements, some adjustments have been made or are in progress; liquidity 
regulation ensures banks maintain a certain level of highly liquid assets, which may imply lower 
profitability. At the same time, financing costs may increase since long-term financing is favoured in 
relation to short-term financing.  
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal may change, whether as a result of further changes to 
the CRD IV/CRR agreed by EU legislators, or binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by 
the EBA, or changes to the way in which these requirements apply to Portuguese banks. On 23 November 
2016, the European Commission presented a proposal with a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks. These proposals aimed to complete the reform of the 
financial regulatory system, to bring back financial stability and market confidence by implementing some

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
outstanding elements, which are essential to further reinforce banks’ ability to withstand potential 
shocks. The proposals also fine-tune the new regulatory framework, where necessary, to make it more 
growth-friendly and proportionate to banks’ complexity, size and business profile. It also included 
measures that will support SMEs and investment in infrastructure. 
This proposal amended the following pieces of legislation: 
a) 
the CRR and the CRD IV, adopted in 2013 and which set out prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, and rules on governance and supervision; and 
b) 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation (“SRM Regulation”), adopted in 2014 and which spell out the rules on the recovery and 
resolution of failing institutions, and establish the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The proposal also included phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the 
ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework, including potential changes to relevant 
accounting standards, which may in turn result in changes to the methodologies which the Issuer is 
required to adopt for the valuation of financial instruments. The adoption of IFRS 9 requires an increase 
in the level of impairments and changes in the fair value of financial instruments which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, operating results and, if such changes are 
significant, also on its prospects. 
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the EU agreed to such proposal and asked the presidency to start 
negotiations with the European Parliament. The European Parliament confirmed its position on the 
proposal at its June 2018 plenary. The European Parliament and Council of the EU reached agreement on 
the main elements of the EU Banking Reforms in late 2018, which were endorsed by the Committee of 
Permanent Representatives (''COREPER'') on 30 November 2018 and approved by the Economic and 
Financial Affairs Council on 4 December 2018. In February 2019, COREPER endorsed the positions agreed 
with the European Parliament on all elements of the EU Banking Reforms. The agreed text was adopted 
by the European Parliament on 16 April 2019. COREPER approved the EU Banking Reforms on 7 May 2019 
and the Council of the EU formally approved the EU Banking Reforms on 14 May 2019. 
The CRD-V package amendments contain three groups of provisions, covering capital and liquidity 
requirements, aspects of proportionality, and the EU's resolution framework. 
The European Parliament, the Council and the EC agreed in October 2017 on some elements of the review 
of the CRD-V package, namely creation of a new category of unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency 
ranking, on the implementation of the IFRS 9 and on rules limiting large exposures to a single 
counterparty. On 1 January 2018, Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 12 December 2017, entered into force, amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements 
for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment 
of certain public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State. 
On 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU, the following were published: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”). 
Both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or before 
28 December 2020 and SRMR II shall apply from 28 December 2020.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements (“CRR II”); and 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (“CRD V”). 
Regarding capital ratios, according to the CRR and the Bank of Portugal Regulations, banks are subject to 
a minimum compliance of 4.5 per cent. (Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), of 6 per cent. (Tier 1) and of 8 per 
cent. (Total Capital Ratio) with gradually increasing buffers until 1 January 2021. 
The CRD IV included general rules and supervision powers, wages, governance and disclosure 
requirements, as well as an introduction of five additional capital buffers: 
• 
A capital conservation buffer 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 Capital; 
• 
A countercyclical capital buffer between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of 
CET1 Capital, pursuant to the conditions to be established by the competent authorities; 
• 
A macro prudential systemic risk buffer of up to 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, depending on 
the economic outlook, to address systemic risks of a long-term, non-cyclical nature that are not 
covered by the CRR; and 
• 
A systemic institutions risk buffer: i) applicable to the institutions with a global systemic importance: 
between 1 and 3.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets; and ii) applicable to Other Systemically 
Important Institutions ("O-SII"): between 0 and 2 per cent. of risk-weighted assets. These buffers 
shall consist of CET1 Capital. 
These buffers, apart from the macro prudential systemic risk buffer, have been gradually applied since 
2016. 
As regards Portuguese banks, the Bank of Portugal decided that the capital conservation buffer would be 
phased-in. In September 2015, the Bank of Portugal determined a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. 
(Regulatory Notice (Aviso) 1/2015) to be applied from January 2016. On 31 May 2016, the Bank of Portugal 
issued Notice 6/2016 revoking Notice 1/2015, which determined the conservation buffer to be 0.625 per 
cent. in 2016, with an increase of 0.625 per cent. per year until 2019. As of January 2017, the buffer was 
set at 1.25 per cent., as of 1 January 2018 it was set at 1.875 per cent., and as of 1 January 2019 at 2.5 per 
cent. 
The Bank of Portugal has also decided to set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk-
weighted assets. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of 
credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or 
the ECB, as applicable. The Bank of Portugal will review this decision on a quarterly basis. At its most 
recent revision, on 27 September 2022, the Bank of Portugal determined a countercyclical capital buffer 
rate of 0 per cent. to be in force as from 1 October 2022. 
On 29 July 2016, and as subsequently confirmed on 30 November 2016, the Bank of Portugal, after having 
duly notified the ECB and after having consulted the National Council of Financial Supervisors, decided to 
apply a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer published on 29 December 2015 to the identified 
Portuguese O-SIIs. The timeline for the phase-in of the O-SII buffer was 50 per cent. as at 1 January 2018 
and 100 per cent. as at 1 January 2019. The application of a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
had the main purpose of ensuring a level playing field in terms of the decisions on the O-SII buffer between 
Portuguese institutions and their European peers operating in similar macroeconomic environments. 
In a press release dated 30 November 2018, the Bank of Portugal announced the annual revision of the 
identification of O-SIIs and the imposition of capital buffers, pursuant to Article 138-R (2) of the RGICSF 
and in the exercise of the Bank of Portugal’s powers as national macro prudential authority. For this 
purpose, the Bank of Portugal notified the European Central Bank, in accordance with Article 5 of Council 
Regulation (EU) 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, which did not object to the draft decision, and consulted 
with the National Council of Financial Supervisors, under Article 2 (3) (c) of Decree-Law 143/2013, of 18 
October 2013. The Bank of Portugal kept both the methodology and the O-SII capital buffer levels 
unchanged, but decided to extend the phase-in period – the initial two-year period was converted into a 
four-year period – taking into consideration the challenges facing the Portuguese banking system, in a 
context where interest rates remained very low. 
As set out in the legal and regulatory provisions, the Bank of Portugal published the table with the names 
of the banking groups identified as O-SIIs in 2018 and the respective capital buffers as a percentage of the 
total risk exposure amount. The Issuer has been classified as an O-SII and the buffers shall consist of CET1 
on a consolidated basis and shall be met as follows: 25 per cent. on 1 January 2018, 50 per cent. on 1 
January 2019, 75 per cent. on 1 January 2020 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 2021. The O-SII buffer 
identified for the Issuer was 0.0625 per cent. as at 1 January 2018, 0.125 per cent. as at 1 January 2019, 
0.1875 per cent. as at 1 January 2020 and 0.250 per cent. as of 1 January 2021. 
On 8 May 2020 the Bank of Portugal published a press release on the decision to postpone the phase-in 
period of the capital buffer for O-SII, the category on which the Issuer falls. As part of the COVID-19 related 
measures, the Bank of Portugal has decided to postpone the phase-in period of the O-SII buffer by 1 year. 
As such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 January 2021 was 
postponed to 1 January 2022; as a consequence, the current requirements for Banco Montepio are: 0.25 
per cent. from January 2022 onwards. These buffers will be revised annually or if a significant restructuring 
process occurs, such as a merger or acquisition. The date for next revision is tentatively scheduled for 30 
November 2022. 
The Bank of Portugal takes pre-emptive regulatory and supervisory measures in order to prevent risks and 
maintain the good solvency of the Portuguese banks. On an annual basis, the Bank of Portugal assesses 
whether there is a need to require institutions to hold own funds in excess of the legally established 
minimum requirements and to comply with specific liquidity requirements and other measures it lays 
down. This assessment is done under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”), which 
comprises a set of procedures carried out by the supervisory authorities to ensure each credit institution 
has in place the strategies, processes, capital and liquidity that are appropriate to the risks to which it is 
or might be exposed to. This process implements Basel Pillar 2 in European and national legislation. 
The SREP also assesses the risk each institution poses to the financial system. This process therefore makes 
it possible to determine capital and liquidity requirements and other supervisory measures to address the 
specific weaknesses of each institution. This methodology provides for a holistic and forward-looking 
assessment of the viability of the supervised institution. The SREP is conducted in a proportional manner, 
both to significant institutions and less significant institutions (“LSIs”). The frequency and intensity of the 
SREP assessment takes into account the potential impact each institution may have on the financial 
system and its specific risk profile. 
The deepening of supervision by the Bank of Portugal, following the financial and economic crisis, has 
resulted in a broadening of the areas covered as well as in a greater frequency of prudential reporting 
obligations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio’s minimum capital ratio requirements under Pillar

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
1, on a consolidated basis, are: 4.5 per cent. for CET1, 6.0 per cent. for Tier 1 and 8.0 per cent. for Total 
Capital. Under the SREP, the Bank of Portugal determined for Banco Montepio an additional 3.25 per cent. 
Pillar 2 requirement to be met from 1 July 2019 onwards, on a consolidated basis. Including the applicable 
buffers, as of 1 January 2021 Banco Montepio was required to comply with the capital ratio requirements 
(on a consolidated and phasing-in basis) of 9.022 per cent. for CET1, 11.131 per cent. for Tier 1 and 13.944 
per cent. for Total Capital. As of 31 December 2021 the Common equity tier 1, the Tier 1 and the Total 
Capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above the prudential levels (including the combined 
buffer requirements) required by the Bank of Portugal, as the authority responsible for Banco Montepio's 
supervision on a consolidated basis, in the context of the SREP. As of 31 December 2021, the Total Capital 
ratio of the Issuer, on a consolidated and phasing-in basis was 15.1 per cent. (13.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020) and the CET1 ratio was 12.7 per cent. (11.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
Considering the full implementation of CRD IV/CRR, as of 31 December 2021, the Total Capital ratio was 
14.2 per cent. (12.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) and CET1 was 11.8 per cent. (10.1 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020). As at 31 December 2021, the fully implemented Total Capital ratio was above the 
OCR determined by the Bank of Portugal. 
IFRS 9 entered into force on 1 January 2018, introducing significant changes in the classification of 
financial assets and in the recording of impairment. IFRS 9 is divided into three pillars: Classification and 
measurement; Impairment and Hedge accounting. It is in the Impairment pillar that the most relevant 
impacts are observed given that IFRS 9 establishes a new asset impairment model based on expected 
credit losses (ECL), which considers the expected losses throughout the life of financial instruments, 
replacing the International Accounting Standard 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement ("IAS 39”) “incurred loss” model.  
Macroeconomic factors are considered when determining the ECL, whose changes have impact in 
expected losses. Instruments that are subject to impairment calculations are divided in three stages 
considering its credit risk level, as follows: 
(i) 
Stage 1: financial assets with no significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition and 
which are not in default; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses resulting from 
default events that may occur within 12 months after the reporting date; 
(ii) 
Stage 2: financial assets with a significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition, however 
without any clear evidence of impairment; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit 
losses resulting from default events that may occur over the expected residual life of the 
instrument; 
(iii) 
Stage 3: financial assets in default with a clear evidence of impairment losses as a consequence of 
events that resulted in losses; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses over the 
expected residual life of the instrument. 
The expected credit losses (ECL) for homogeneous populations is given by the product of the probability 
of default (PD), the loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at the contract’s 
effective interest rate until the reporting date.  
The main difference between impairment losses measured for financial assets classified in the stages 
refers to PD’s time horizon:  
(i) 
12-month PD: the probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months (for contracts 
included in stage 1);  
(ii) 
Lifetime PD: it is the probability of a default occurring during the remaining life of the credit (include 
in stage 2). In such case, lifetime parameters are used and forward looking information is 
considered;

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(iii) 
PD=100 per cent. to all stage 3 contracts.  
In the group of individually significant customers, the exposures are subject to individual analysis. This 
analysis focuses on the credit quality of the debtor, as well as on the recovery expectations, taking into 
consideration the existing collateral as well as other relevant factors to assess the debtor credit quality. 
With the adoption of IFRS 9 and considering Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, Banco Montepio has chosen to apply the phasing-in prudential plan defined in the 
Regulation, on an ongoing basis, over a 5-year period. Therefore, in 2018, Banco Montepio recognised 5 
per cent. of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, in 2019 15 per cent., in 2020 30 per cent., in 2021 
50 per cent. and in 2022 75 per cent. of such impact; in 2023 Banco Montepio will recognize 100 per cent. 
of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, thereby completing the static phasing-in period of IFRS9. 
Since no specific tax treatment was established regarding the transition adjustment to IFRS 9, Banco 
Montepio considered the application of the Corporate Income Tax general rules. Any new transitional 
regime established for those purposes or different interpretation on the tax treatment of the adoption of 
IFRS 9 could result in a material adverse effect on the recovery of deferred taxes. 
Law 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees changes to the Portuguese Corporate Income Tax Code, namely 
to Articles 28-A and 28-C, in order to align the tax regime applicable to credit impairments registered by 
entities subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal to the accounting and regulatory rules 
applicable. 
This regime is applicable to impairments regarding all types of credit risk and whether analysed on an 
individual or collective basis. However, it lists down specific exceptions to the deductibility of credit 
impairments, namely: 
• 
on credits and other rights over individuals or entities that hold directly or indirectly over 10 per 
cent. of the financial institution’s capital or over its governing body’s members (with certain 
exceptions); and, 
• 
on credits and other rights over entities whose capital is held directly or indirectly in more than 10 
per cent. by the financial institution or over participated entities in which the financial institution is 
engaged in special relations with, provided they are given after the participation acquisition or 
verification of the condition that determines the special relation situation (with certain exceptions). 
In addition, Law 98/2019, of 4 September, also establishes that the new regime is applicable to 
impairment losses accounted on 1 January 2019 onwards, whereas regarding previously accounted 
impairment losses and yet not accepted for tax purposes, Notice 3/95 of the Bank of Portugal remains 
applicable (without prejudice to the Special Regime of Deferred Tax Assets (Regime Especial Aplicável aos 
Ativos por Impostos Diferidos ("REAID")) approved by Law 61/2014, of 26 August). 
Furthermore, a multi-year map of impairment losses for specific credit risk regarding credits analysed on 
an individual basis and for groups of credits analysed on a collective basis must now be included in the tax 
documentation file, which must contain accounting information and tax adjustments detailed by credit or 
group of credits: 
Additionally, Law 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees an adaptation period of 5 tax years after 1 January 
2019, under which the current regime is still applicable (i.e. Notice 3/95 of the Bank of Portugal), unless 
communicated otherwise to the general director of the Portuguese Tax Authorities. Notwithstanding, 
financial institutions have to adopt this new regime from 2022 or 2023 onwards, as applicable, if on the 
1st of January of those years they acquire own shares or distribute dividends to shareholders in respect 
of profits generated in those periods, except in cases where, as at 31 December of those years, the value 
of the deferred tax assets covered by special regime applicable to deferred tax assets has decreased by at

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
least 10 per cent. or 20 per cent., respectively, compared to the amount accounted at 31 December 2018. 
Banco Montepio has not opted for the application of the new tax regime on impairment, for which reason, 
for the current and deferred tax assessment as at 31 December 2021 and 2020, it estimated its taxes 
based on the regime that was in force until 31 December 2018. 
In order to further integrate the European banking system and to promote financial stability in the 
Eurozone, an agreement was reached by the European Council to create the European Banking Union (the 
“EBU”). This new union provides for a new supervisory landscape and the deepening of the Economic and 
Monetary Union. It was agreed to establish three main building blocks of the EBU: a Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (the “SSM”), a Single Resolution Mechanism (the “SRM”), and a Single Deposit Guarantee 
System. 
Since November 2014 and in accordance with the SSM, the ECB is the central prudential supervisor of 
financial institutions in the euro area as a direct supervisor to the largest banks. National supervisors 
continue to monitor the remaining banks. The SRM was established in a bid to ensure taxpayer costs and 
damages to the real economy following bank failures are kept to a minimum. The SRM will apply to banks 
covered by the SSM and will allow bank resolutions to be managed effectively through a Single Resolution 
Fund and a Single Resolution Board. 
The RGICSF has been further amended by Decree-Law 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree-Law 114-B/2014, 
of 4 August, and Law 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 
April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation, 
subject to some exceptions, applied from 1 January 2016. The SRB has been fully operational since from 
January 2016. The BRRD has been implemented in Portugal pursuant to the European Union (Bank 
Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 (the “BRRD Regulations”). 
The BRRD Regulations, other than regulations 79 to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 
to 94 of the BRRD Regulations came into effect on 1 January 2016. The establishment of the SRM is 
designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level for countries that share 
the supervision of banks within the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”). The single resolution fund 
is financed by bank levies raised at the national level.  
The European Resolution Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund 
as at 31 December 2015 (namely the resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (BES) and 
the resolution measure applied to Banif). See further “The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito 
Santo S.A. (BES)” and “The resolution measure applied to Banif” above. 
The overarching goal of the new bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM 
package is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The new framework 
is intended to enable resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering 
contagion to the broader financial system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders 
and creditors. Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a full recovery plan that sets 
out detailed measures to be taken in different scenarios when the viability of the institution is at risk. 
Banks subject to the BRRD may be required to contribute to ex ante funds and in particular to the 
European Resolution Fund. The periodic contributions of the participating institutions in the European 
Resolution Fund should be (i) distributed proportionally among participating institutions, according to the 
respective level of financial liabilities, excluding own funds and deducting deposits guaranteed by the 
Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fundo de Garantia de Depósitos) (the “Reserve Base”), adjusted according to 
the institution’s risk profile and considering the economic outlook as well as the contribution’s impact on 
the institution; and (ii) determined by the application of a contributory rate (proposed by the European

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Resolution Fund and established by the Bank of Portugal) to the Reserve Base. The Fund will be built up 
during its first eight years (2016-2023) and shall reach at least 1 per cent. of deposits guaranteed by the 
Deposit Guarantee Fund (approx. €55 billion in 2024). Where ex ante contributions are insufficient to 
cover the losses or costs incurred by use of the Fund, additional ex post contributions should be collected. 
The reorganisation regime previously in force that governed credit institutions was extensively reviewed 
and was replaced with a new approach by the Bank of Portugal as regards intervention on credit 
institutions and investment firms in financial distress. The measures set out in the new regime aim at 
recovering or preparing the orderly winding-up of credit institutions and certain financial companies in 
situations of financial distress. The new toolbox includes three stages of intervention by the Bank of 
Portugal: preparatory and preventive measures, prior supervisory intervention, and instruments and 
powers of resolution. The implementation of these measures and the exercise of these powers will 
directly affect the rights of shareholders and creditors. 
Credit institutions are required to produce suitable recovery plans to resolve problems of liquidity, 
solvency, or overall exposure to risk, and to keep such plans up-to-date. To complement the resolution 
plans, the Bank of Portugal has been given preventive powers, including the powers to limit or modify 
exposure to risk, require additional information, set restrictions or prohibitions on certain activities and 
changes to group structures. 
Within the scope of preventive interventions, the Bank of Portugal has been given powers to prohibit the 
distribution of dividends to shareholders, to replace managers or directors, and to require credit 
institutions to transfer assets that constitute an excessive or undesirable risk to the soundness of the 
institution. These actions may have a direct effect on shareholders and the Issuer’s expected returns and 
additional indirect impacts through changes to such institutions’ business activities. 
Article 145-D of the RGICSF implemented Article 34 of the BRRD and determines as general principles 
applying to the resolution measures that (i) the shareholders of the institution bear losses with priority in 
relation to other creditors; (ii) creditors of the institution other than the shareholders under resolution 
bear losses in accordance with the order of priority of their claims; (iii) no shareholder or creditor of the 
institution shall, as a result of the resolution measures, bear losses higher than the ones that would arise 
should the institution be subject to liquidation; and (iv) the depositors shall not suffer losses in relation to 
deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
Further, pursuant to Article 145-E of the RGICSF, resolution measures may be applied if the following 
cumulative conditions are met: (a) a credit institution or an investment firm covered by the resolution 
regime has been declared by the Bank of Portugal as being insolvent, or at a risk of becoming insolvent; 
(b) it is not foreseeable that the insolvency situation of such institution can be remedied through measures 
adopted by the institution, or by corrective intervention measures or other measures aimed at the 
conversion or reduction of own funds instruments; (c) the implementation of such measures is considered 
necessary and proportional for the pursuance of at least one of the following objectives: (i) ensure the 
continuity of essential financial services, (ii) prevent systemic risk, (iii) safeguard public funds and 
taxpayers’ interests, (iv) safeguard depositors’ confidence, (v) protection of other funds and assets held 
by institutions for the account of their clients; and (d) the winding up of the institution is not capable of 
achieving the goals described in (c) more effectively than the resolution measures. 
An institution is deemed to be failing, for the purposes of adoption of resolution measures, if one of the 
following situations occurs, or when sufficient reasons exist to suggest that they may occur in the short 
run: (i) the institution ceases to comply with the requirements for preserving the banking licence, 
including if it incurs losses capable of significantly absorbing its own funds; (ii) the institution’s assets have 
become less than its liabilities; (iii) the institution is unable to meet its obligations; (iv) the institution is in 
need of extraordinary public funding, save when such assistance is aimed at preventing or containing a

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
serious economic crisis and preserving financial stability, and fulfils certain other criteria (Article 145-E of 
the RGICSF). 
There are four types of resolution measures (Article 145-E of the RGICSF), namely: (i) the total or partial 
sale of the assets, liabilities, off-balance items and assets under management, as well as shares 
representing the share capital of the distressed financial institution to one or more financial institutions 
authorised to operate in the market; (ii) the creation of a bridge bank and the transfer of all or part of the 
assets and liabilities of the institution in financial distress to that bank; (iii) asset segregation tool, whereby 
all or part of the distressed institution’s activity is transferred to an asset management vehicle; and (iv) 
bail-in through an internal recapitalisation of such institution. Along with these measures, by default the 
members of the institutions’ corporate bodies and chartered accountant shall be replaced by members 
and a chartered accountant designated by the Bank of Portugal. 
The powers granted to resolution authorities under the BRRD include (but are not limited to) the 
introduction of a statutory “write-down and conversion power” and a “bail-in power”, which will give the 
relevant Portuguese resolution authority the power to cancel all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, 
or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt 
claims into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any.  
The measures described above may be wholly or partially funded through the Resolution Fund, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the RGICSF. 
Within its powers as authority in charge of resolution measures, the Bank of Portugal is also entitled to 
adopt, individually or jointly with the above mentioned resolution measures, other measures aimed at 
reducing or eliminating the insufficiency of own funds in the credit institution, including (a) reduction of 
its share capital (amortisation or reduction of nominal value of shares); (b) removal of nominal value of 
shares; (c) reduction of nominal value of credits attached to other financial instruments or contracts which 
are eligible for own funds purposes according to the legislation and regulation in force; and (d) increase 
of share capital via the conversion of credits referred to in (c) into share capital. In order to adopt the 
measures described in this paragraph, certain conditions must be met, as described in Article 145-I of the 
RGICSF. In its decision to adopt resolution measures, the Bank of Portugal shall abide by the rules on 
creditors´ ranking set forth in the Portuguese Insolvency Code, thus not being allowed to affect a class of 
creditors which rank above another class that are not wholly or substantially affected. 
Furthermore, to the extent necessary to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, the Bank of 
Portugal may exercise, inter alia, the following powers: (i) suspension of payment or delivery obligations 
of the institution under existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement rights benefiting holders of 
any security over assets of the institution; (iii) suspension of the rights to accelerate, terminate, or 
otherwise decide the termination under existing agreements; (iv) closing of agencies of the institution; (v) 
exercise of rights attached to shares and other instruments representing share capital of the affected 
institution; (vi) amendment of terms applicable to unsecured debt instruments and other eligible claims 
held vis-à-vis the institution, such as clauses on maturity dates and payable interest; (vii) liquidation and 
termination of financial agreements and derivative agreements; and (viii) suspension of the negotiation 
of a financial instrument (Article 145-AB of the RGICSF).  
The Bank of Portugal and the Resolution Fund also have the right to recover their expenses resulting from 
the resolution measures through either a deduction of the consideration payable by any transferee in 
relation to the acquisition of the institution’s assets, share capital or other instruments representative of 
debt or equity, from the institution itself, or from the profits generated by it or the vehicle managing its 
assets (a legal privilege is attached to the claim held by the Bank of Portugal and the Resolution Fund). 
The Resolution Fund is a public-law legal person designed to provide financial support to the application 
of the resolution measures ordered by the Bank of Portugal. It is fully funded by the financial sector

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
through initial and periodical contributions from member institutions, including the Issuer, whose amount 
shall be fixed on an annual basis, as set out in Decree-Law 24/2013, of 19 February, as amended, and the 
revenue arising from the contribution over the banking sector. These institutions may also be requested 
to make extraordinary contributions, if necessary, in connection with the adoption of any resolution 
measures. The financial assistance provided by the Resolution Fund may include, among others, the 
transfer of cash to the acquirer bank or to the bridge bank, the provision of guarantees, the granting of 
loans, and the paying-up of the capital stock of bridge banks. 
The Bank of Portugal Notice (Aviso) 1/2013 (as amended) sets forth the methodology to calculate periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund. Such methodology consists of the application of a contribution rate 
to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits already 
included in the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
The rate to be applied is set by a regulatory instruction (Instrução) issued by the Bank of Portugal. The 
rate was 0.02 per cent. in 2016, 0.0291 per cent. in 2017, 0.0459 per cent. in 2018, 0.057 per cent. in 2019, 
0.060 per cent. in 2020 and 2021, and 0.057 per cent. in 2022, as defined in instruction 19/2015, 
instruction 21/2016, instruction 20/2017, instruction 32/2018, instruction 24/2019, instruction 32/2020 
and instruction 22/2021, respectively. 
In the year 2018, as a result of the transitional regime established in Law 23-A/2015, of 26 of March, 
continued in force, in parallel, two contribution schemes for the Resolution Fund, in addition to the 
contribution scheme for the banking sector. On the one hand, the regime in force until the entry into force 
of said Law 23-A/2015 of 26 March, has been temporarily maintained, whose contributions are intended 
to ensure compliance with obligations previously assumed by the Resolution Fund (applying, in this case, 
with the necessary adaptations, the regime established in Decree-Law 24/2013, of 19 February). On the 
other hand it is in force the system of contributions created by the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and settlement of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD), which is based on harmonized rules 
within the European Union and has been transposed in its principles and general rules by Law 23-A /2015, 
of 26 March (applying in this matter the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/63, of 21 October 
2014 - Delegated Regulation). The contributions collected under the combined terms of this scheme and 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 July 2014 (SRM Regulation) 
to institutions covered by the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) are transferred to the Single Resolution 
Fund (SRF) on the basis of the Agreement on Transfer and Mutual Contributions to the SRF 
(Intergovernmental Agreement), signed in Brussels on 21 May 2014 and approved by Assembly Resolution 
no. 129/2015 of 22 July. 
In addition to the contributions collected under the regime established by Decree-Law 24/2013, of 19 
February, and the contributions created under the BRRD transposition, charged on the basis of the 
Delegated Regulation, there is an additional source of revenue of the Resolution Fund which is the 
contribution income on the banking sector. 
In view of the above, funds available to the Resolution Fund arise from the following sources: (a) 
contributions from the banking sector; (b) initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions 
participating in the Resolution Fund and collected before the implementation of the BRRD in Portugal; (c) 
initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions participating in the Resolution Fund collected 
pursuant to Decree-Law 24/2013, of 19 February, and due under the transitional regime provided for in 
Law 23-A/2015, of 26 March (aimed at enabling compliance with the obligations undertaken by the 
Resolution Fund in the context of the application of resolution measures applied before 31 December 
2014); (d) initial, periodic and special contributions from the investment firms not subject to the ECB's 
supervision, branches of credit institutions of third countries, entities relevant for the payments system 
not subject to the ECB's supervision; (e) proceeds derived from investment applications and from the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Resolution Fund activity; (f) donations; (g) loans; and (h) other proceeds legally or contractually allocated 
to the Resolution Fund. 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary, and may increase, from time to time according 
to the Issuer’s liabilities and own funds. Contribution to the Resolution Fund is adjusted to the risk profile 
and the systemic relevance of each participating institution considering its solvency situation. Also, banks 
(including the Issuer) may be required to contribute to the deposit guarantee systems in amounts that are 
higher than the current contributions. The participation of the Issuer in the €700 million initial loan 
corresponded to 10 per cent. 
According to Article 5, paragraph e of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial 
Order (Portaria) 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the Portuguese 
Government a proposal for the implementation of special contributions to rebalance the financial 
condition of the Resolution Fund.  
If the payment of those special contributions compromises the Issuer's liquidity or its solvency, the Bank 
of Portugal can suspend them for a period of up to 180 days, extendable at the request of the Issuer. The 
Resolution Fund also publicly indicated that the financing will be structured in such a manner as to not 
only avoid jeopardising the solvency of any credit institution but also to preserve financial stability.  
Under Article 153-O of the RGICSF, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the implementation 
of the resolution measures applied by the Bank of Portugal and the resulting general and administrative 
expenses. At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses to be incurred by the 
Resolution Fund.  
The Deposit Guarantee Fund may also provide financial assistance for the implementation of resolution 
measures, but only in the case of transfer of deposits placed with the institution in distress to another 
credit institution authorised to take deposits or to a bridge bank, and only in the amount needed to cover 
the difference between the amount of covered deposits and the value of the assets sold or transferred. 
Moreover, funding by the Deposit Guarantee Fund shall in no circumstances exceed the cost of a direct 
reimbursement to the depositors.  
The implementation of resolution measures is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution’s 
shareholders nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets 
under management to be sold or transferred.  
Hence, if the Issuer is subject to a resolution measure, the Bank of Portugal may: 
a) 
require the full transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in which 
case the entirety of the rights and obligations under the Programme (including the Programme 
Documents) shall be transferred to another duly licensed entity or a bridge institution; 
b) 
require the partial transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in 
connection with such partial transfer, and that the obligations and liabilities under the Programme 
(including the Programme Documents) remain as a liability of the Issuer: in such instance, 
depending on the financial condition and other factors relating to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal 
may additionally revoke the licence of, and determine the opening of liquidation proceedings 
against, the Issuer.  
c) 
determine that the creditors of the Issuer are subject to bail-in measures: in such case, it is expressly 
referred in the RGICSF that the adoption of such type of resolution tool shall not encompass 
obligations having the benefit of security (“garantia real”) over the assets of the Issuer up to the 
amount of the security assets; conversely, if such amount of such obligations exceeds the value of 
the assets charged as security thereof, then such excess may be affected by the relevant bail-in

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
measures. The Bank of Portugal may cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution or its holding company, convert 
certain debt claims into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any 
and/or amend or alter the terms of such claims, including the maturity of the unsecured liabilities 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the unsecured liabilities, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In addition to the measures set out above, to prevent bank institutions from structuring their liabilities in 
a way which may compromise the efficiency of the bail-in or of other resolution tools and to avoid the 
contagion risk or a bank run, the BRRD also requires that all institutions should meet the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), calculated as a percentage of total liabilities 
and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will 
include an institution's own funds, along with "eligible liabilities". 
The MREL regime, which became effective during 2016, involves a transition period and should have 
implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, implying the introduction of alterations in the 
liability structure through the issue of new senior debt with some subordination structure or 
strengthening Tier 2. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions are required to meet a MREL 
requirement set by the Bank of Portugal.  
Banco Montepio has already been notified by the Bank of Portugal regarding the MREL to be met. For 
more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution". 
The MREL requirement determined by the Bank of Portugal is based on applicable legislation and is 
therefore subject to amendments from time to time. In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer 
may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such 
mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase 
the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 
and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also 
result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing shareholders, if they include 
convertibility features. 
Regarding NPL related initiatives, in March 2018, the Commission presented a package of measures aimed 
at reducing NPLs. The measures include a proposed regulation amending CRR and introducing common 
minimum coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, and a proposed 
directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral, which provides for an out-
of-court recovery mechanism for NPLs and aims to encourage the development of secondary markets in 
NPLs. Amendments to CRR to apply the day after publication in the Official Journal. New rules under 
directive on credit servicers to apply from 1 Jan 2021 or (for credit servicer authorisation and supervision) 
1 July 2021. 
The regulatory laws governing banking activity may change at any time in ways which may have an adverse 
effect on the business of the Issuer. A potential further alignment by the Bank of Portugal with the ECB's 
regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in certain areas, such as capital requirements 
and acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the 
Banco Montepio Group’s results and financial position. 
The Bank of Portugal conducts the preventive supervision of money laundering and terrorist financing 
(ML/TF) of credit institutions, financial companies, payment institutions, electronic money institutions, 
branches established in Portugal and entities providing postal services as well as financial services. 
Supervised institutions are required to comply with several duties such as, (i) customer identification and

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
due diligence, (ii) duty to keep documents and records on customers and operations, (iii) scrutiny and 
reporting of suspicious operations and (iv) adoption and implementation of internal control systems that 
are adequate to the ML/TF risk intrinsic to each institution. The Bank of Portugal has regulatory functions 
and actively participates in the preparation of the legal framework governing ML/TF. In this regard, note 
should be made of the Bank of Portugal Notice 2/2018 which regulates Law 83/2017, of 18 August, in 
particular the reinforcement of preventive duties established therein. 
Money laundering is the process through which the authors of criminal activities conceal the true source 
of the property and revenue (benefits) obtained by illicit means, transforming the liquidity from such 
activities into legally reusable money, by disguising the origin and true owner of the funds. According to 
Portuguese law, money laundering is a crime (Article 368-A of the Portuguese Penal Code). 
In articulation with the legal framework for the prevention of money laundering, legislative measures 
were adopted to make it easier to detect, prevent and suppress terrorist financing, reducing the possibility 
of access to the international financial system by the persons who commit terrorist acts, terrorist 
organisations and groups, and their sponsors. These measures include, inter alia, the freezing and seizure 
of the assets belonging to terrorists and those supporting and sponsoring terrorist organisations and 
groups, the duty to report transactions suspicious of having any type of connection with terrorist 
activities, the strengthening of the duties to prevent money laundering (in particular, the identification 
duty) within the scope of operations involving the transfer of funds and criminalising terrorist financing. 
In accordance with Portuguese Law, terrorist financing is considered a criminal offence, by virtue of the 
provisions laid down in Article 5-A of Law 52/2003, of 22 August 2003 (as amended). 
In December 2016, the Commission adopted a package of legislative proposals to fight financing of 
terrorism, including a proposed Regulation on the mutual recognition of freezing and confiscation orders. 
The new Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 28 November 2018 and aims to improve co-
operation between European authorities to ensure they can freeze and confiscate assets quickly and 
efficiently across the EU. The new Regulation widens the scope of current rules and includes provisions to 
ensure that victims’ rights to compensation and restitution are respected. Most provisions will apply from 
19 December 2020 (24 months after entry into force). 
The fifth Money Laundering Directive (“MLD5”) was published in the Official Journal in June 2018. It 
includes targeted amendments to increase transparency around owners of companies and trusts through 
the establishment of public beneficial ownership registers, prevent risks associated with the use of virtual 
currencies for terrorist financing, restrict the anonymous use of pre-paid cards, improve the safeguards 
for financial transactions to and from high-risk third countries and enhance Financial Intelligence Units' 
access to information.  
Law 58/2020 ("Law 58/2020"), published on 31 August 2020, transposed into the Portuguese Law the 
MLD5. In addition to the changes made to matters already dealt with in Portuguese Law (namely the 
regime of beneficial owners and politically exposed persons, as well as enhanced due diligence duties for 
high-risk third countries), Law 58/2020 also includes, for the first time, entities engaged in activities with 
virtual assets ("cryptocurrencies" or other type of "crypto assets") within the scope of the Portuguese anti 
money laundering and terrorist financing rules. 
Since December 2020 the Sixth Anti-Money Laundering Directive ("AMLD6") is in effect for all member 
states and must be transposed and implemented by 3 June 2021. Stricter than its predecessors, AMLD6 
introduces a larger responsibility on regulated entities to fight money laundering. AMLD6 harmonizes the 
definition of criminal activity by detailing 22 offenses within certain categories that the directive deems a 
criminal activity, expands criminal liability to legal persons, including companies and partnership and 
increases the maximum imprisonment for offenses, from one year to four years. Furthermore, a sentence 
may include additional sanctions and fines, which could result in the cessation of the company's

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
operations. 
In September 2017 the European Banking Authority (EBA) published its revised Guidelines on Internal 
Governance. These Guidelines aim at further harmonising institutions' internal governance arrangements, 
processes and mechanisms across the EU, in line with the new requirements in this area introduced in the 
Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) and also taking into account the proportionality principle. 
Effective internal governance is fundamental if individual institutions and the banking system as a whole 
are to operate well. 
On 15 July 2020, the Bank of Portugal published Notice 3/2020 (Aviso nº3/2020) which regulates the 
governance and internal control systems and defines the minimum standards on which the organisational 
culture of the entities subject to supervision by the Bank of Portugal must be anchored. Notice 3/2020 
revokes Notices 5/2008 and 10/2011, as well as Instruction 20/2008, aims to consolidate the regulatory 
provisions regarding institutions' internal control and governance, incorporating the content of the EBA 
guidelines on internal governance, the EBA guidelines on outsourcing arrangements and the EBA 
guidelines regarding sound remuneration policies. 
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), agreed upon by the European Parliament and Council 
in April 2016, replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC in 2018 as the primary law regulating how 
companies protect EU citizens' personal data. The mutually agreed GDPR came into force on 25 May 2018 
and was designed to modernise laws that protect the personal information of individuals. GDPR altered 
how businesses and public sector organisations can handle the information of their customers. The 
implementation of GDPR in Portugal was accomplished through Law 58/2019, of 8 August.  
The Law 23/2019, of 13 March 2019 transposed to the Portuguese Law the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 
the European Parliament and of the Counsel, of 12 December 2017, as regards the ranking of certain debt 
instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. This law grants a full depositor preference in bank insolvency and 
resolution proceedings against senior debt and introduced a new class of debt, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Debt, that will rank below preferential Senior debt, but above Subordinated Debt. 
Banco Montepio’s activities are regulated by the Bank of Portugal, as a credit institution, and by the 
CMVM, as an issuer with outstanding listed Covered Bonds. It must comply with the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Portugal, the RGICSF and with the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários). In its activity as distributor of insurance products it is also subject to the supervision of the 
Insurance and Pension Funds Authority (Autoridade de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões). 
The Bank of Portugal enjoys extensive supervisory and regulatory powers in relation to all credit and 
deposit-taking institutions in Portugal. Banco Montepio in particular, classified as a LSI, under the 
current SSM arrangement, is directly supervised by the Bank of Portugal. 
There are specific regulations regarding regular audits by the Bank of Portugal, a specified accounting plan, 
limits on large exposures, minimum levels of provisions for loan losses and mandatory contribution to the 
deposit guarantee fund. Compliance is monitored through periodic inspections and regular reviews of 
financial statements. 
Since 2011, Banco Montepio has participated in several exercises conducted by the European Banking 
Authority to evaluate the impacts of Basel III rules’ implementation. At the same time, Banco Montepio 
has been performing stress tests exercises taking into account adverse macroeconomic and financial 
scenarios defined by the Bank of Portugal. 
In addition to the stress tests reported to the Bank of Portugal, Banco Montepio regularly conducts other 
impact studies that are intended to provide an analytical view of its position in terms of liquidity, profits 
and capital when subject to unfavourable scenarios stemming from changes in risk factors such as interest 
rates, credit spreads, deposit runoffs, eligible asset valuation haircuts applied by the European Central

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Bank (the “ECB”), credit ratings, portfolio and collateral losses, among other factors.  
The results under the adverse scenarios, including those resulting from the adverse macroeconomic 
scenarios defined by the Bank of Portugal, show that Banco Montepio shall maintain the ongoing process 
of capital levels strengthening. 
The impact studies and results are disclosed to and discussed with the Board of Directors, with the 
subsequent conclusions incorporated in the strategic decision making processes, namely in the 
determination of solvency levels, liquidity, exposure to specific risks (counterparty and price risks) and 
global risks (interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risks), as well as in the pricing, loan criteria and 
development of products offered. 
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets ("DTA") must be deducted from CET1 capital.  
However, Article 39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTA that do not rely on future profitability, 
foreseeing that such DTA are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTA are deemed not to 
rely on future profitability when:  
a) 
They are automatically and mandatorily replaced without delay with a tax credit, in the event that 
the institution reports a loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in the 
event of its liquidation or insolvency;  
b) 
The above-mentioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax liability of the 
institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as the institution for tax 
purposes under that law or any other undertaking subject to supervision on a consolidated basis; 
and  
c) 
Where the amount of tax credits referred to in point (b) above exceeds the tax liabilities referred to 
in that same point, any such excess is replaced without delay with a direct claim on the central 
government of the Member State in which the institution is incorporated.  
The deduction of DTA from CET1 capital, as at 1 January 2014, would thus have a negative impact on the 
capital levels of credit institutions established in Member States where national tax law imposes a time 
mismatch between the accounting and tax recognition of certain gains and losses – namely, Italy, Spain 
and Portugal.  
In this regard, the Italian and Spanish Governments enacted, in 2011 (Italy) and 2013 (Spain, with 
retroactive effect to 2011), amendments to national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax 
credits, with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of 
resident credit institutions. 
In view of the above, the Portuguese Parliament approved Law 61/2014, of 26 August, as amended from 
time to time, (“Law 61/2014”) which implements a special regime with the aim of fulfilling the 
requirements for non-deductibility of DTA from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions, allowing 
Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTA arising from impairment of loans and advances losses and 
from post-employment and long-term employment benefits into tax credits (the “DTA Special Regime”).  
Law 61/2014 foresees that any DTA arising from the above-mentioned items, accounted in taxable periods 
starting on or after 1 January 2015, or registered in the taxpayer's accounts in the last taxable period prior 
to that date, may be converted into tax credits when the taxpayer: (i) reports an annual accounting loss 
when the institution’s annual financial statements are formally approved by the competent corporate 
bodies; or (ii) enters into a liquidation procedure, as a result of voluntary dissolution, court-ordered 
insolvency or, if applicable, cancellation of authorisation by the regulator or supervisory body. The amount 
of DTA to be converted into tax credits corresponds to the ratio between (a) the amount of the annual 
accounting loss, and (b) the total amount of equity minus the amount in (a) above, and is declared by the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Corporate Income Taxpayers in their annual Corporate Income Tax return, to be submitted within the five-
month period after the year-end. The amount of the declared tax credit must subsequently be confirmed 
by the tax authorities through a tax audit procedure to be initiated within the three-month period 
following the expiry of the above-mentioned annual corporate income tax return submission deadline. 
The tax credits obtained with the conversion of DTA may be offset against any State taxes on income and 
on assets payable by the taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same 
group for purposes of prudential consolidation under the CRR.  
However, the conversion of DTA entails the constitution of a special non-distributable reserve, equivalent 
to the amount of the tax credit obtained increased by 10 per cent., and conversely, the issuance of 
symmetric warrants to the Portuguese Republic. The warrants entitle the Portuguese Republic (i) to 
demand the increase of the issuer’s share capital through conversion of the special reserve and 
subsequent issue and delivery of ordinary shares representing the issuer’s share capital; or (ii) to freely 
dispose of them, including by sale to third parties, which may subsequently demand such increase of the 
issuer’s share capital. To mitigate the effects of the possible shareholding dilution resulting thereof, Law 
61/2014 grants that, at the date of issuance of the warrants, existing shareholders are automatically 
vested statutory entitlements that allow them to purchase the warrants from the Portuguese Republic. 
Taking into consideration that Banco Montepio posted, on an individual basis, a negative net income in 
2020, following the approval of the annual accounts by the corporate bodies and the application of the 
REAID, in 2021 the deferred tax assets resulting from non-deduction of expenses and deductions of value 
of assets resulting from impairment losses on receivables and post-employment or long-term employee 
benefits were converted into tax credits, with a special reserve corresponding to 110 per cent. of its 
amount having been set up for this purpose. 
Under the terms of Article 8 of the annex to Law 61/2014, of 26 August, Banco Montepio accumulated a 
special reserve in 2021 in the amount of €4,750 thousand, corresponding to a tax credit of €4,319 
thousand, which as at 31 December 2021 was part of the total current tax assets. These amounts may be 
changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs Authority (Autoridade 
Tributária e Aduaneira). 
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law 23/2016, of 19 August 2016, establish 
that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting 
and tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with 
respect to the previous fiscal years. 
The DTA related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, and the DTA related to 
temporary mismatches that depend on future profitability are partially deducted from capital (the portion 
that exceeds the threshold of 10 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed at 250 per cent. Finally, the DTA 
related to temporary mismatches protected by the Portuguese fiscal regime are weighed at 100 per cent. 
Potential future changes to the way in which the Portuguese fiscal regime operates could result in 
previously protected DTAs (that would eventually be converted into DTA related to temporary 
mismatches that depend on future profitability) no longer being protected. At this point, there are no 
expected changes in the fiscal regime that could negatively affect the calculation of DTAs on capital ratios, 
but Banco Montepio cannot assure investors that the expected changes will not take place. 
Temporary legal moratoria on certain financing agreements  
Law 1-A/2020, of 19 March, as amended, implemented exceptional and temporary measures to tackle 
the pandemic caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19. Article 8 of Law 1-A/2020 created a 
temporary regime whereby execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the mortgagor for 
permanent residence are suspended for the time being. This regime will cease to apply on a date to be 
determined via the enactment of a new Decree-Law declaring the end of the exceptional period of

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
prevention, containment, mitigation and treatment of SARS-CoV2 and COVID-19.  
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law 10-J/2020, which established a 
temporary legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting the liquidity of 
companies and families (lastly amended by Law 27-A/2020, of 24 July) (the “Legislative Moratoria”). This 
regime entered into force on 27 March 2020 and will be in force until 31 March 2021. It includes, in 
relation to credit operations granted by financial institutions (excluding, among others, credit or financing 
for the purchase of securities or the acquisition of positions in other financial instruments), (i) a 
prohibition of revocation, in whole or in part, of credit lines and loans, in the amounts contracted, from 
27 March 2020, (ii) an extension, for a period equal to the term of the measure, of all debts with payments 
of principal at the end of the contract in force as at 27 March 2020, together with all its associated 
elements, including interest, guarantees, notably those provided by the way of insurance or securities; 
and (iii) suspension, from 27 March 2020, in relation to debts with partial instalments or other cash 
amounts payable, of payments of principal, rents and interest in such period, with the respective 
contractual payment plan being automatically extended, for a period equal to that of the suspension, in 
order to ensure that there are no charges other than those which may derive from the variability of the 
benchmark interest rate underlying the respective contract, and with all the elements associated with the 
respective contracts, including guarantees, also being extended. From the date that it entered into force, 
Decree-Law 26/2020, of 16 June, establishes that operations meeting the eligibility criteria set forth in 
Decree-Law 10-J/2020, of 26 March, who have benefited from any moratorium before the institutions 
from 27 March 2020 and 17 June 2020 shall be subject to the legal regime set forth therein. On 24 July 
2020, Law 27-A/2020, of 24 July, which amended Decree-Law 10-J/2020, extended the period to adhere 
to the moratorium until 30 September 2020. On 29 September 2020, Decree-Law 78-A/2020 further 
amended Decree-Law 10-J/2020, extending the legal moratoria from 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2021, 
limited to principal with certain exceptions (notably for housing loans and financial leases, education 
related consumer loans and certain other loans granted to activities more impacted by the pandemic 
listed in the Annex to which Article 9 of Decree-Law 78-A/2020, of 20 September, refers). 
On 2 April 2020, the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) published a guidance on the criteria to be 
fulfilled by legislative and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020 (EBA/GL/2020/02). The 
EBA clarified that payment moratoria do not trigger classification as forbearance or distressed 
restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on an industry/sector-
wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions, without prejudice to 
the institutions continuous monitoring of the borrowers’ credit quality, identifying exposures to 
borrowers who may face longer-term financial difficulties. Any such exposures should be classified in 
accordance with existing regulation. 
Following publication of the EBA’s guidelines, the members of the Portuguese Banking Association 
(Associação Portuguesa de Bancos), including the Issuer, signed, on 16 April 2020, an interbank protocol 
establishing harmonised general conditions for private initiative moratoria (the “Non-legislative 
moratoria”) on mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans (e.g. personal or auto loans). Such private 
initiative moratoria is available to Portuguese-resident individuals and individuals not resident in Portugal.  
Non-legislative moratoria under this protocol benefit from a similar prudential and accounting treatment 
to legislative moratoria.  
The moratoria under the special aid scheme provided to households and companies in the context of the 
COVID-19 pandemic expired on 31 December 2021, with the vast majority already expired at the end of 
September 2021. A majority of customers resumed the debt payment service as planned on the date they 
adhered to the moratorium, and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there was no increase in the credit 
risk or delinquencies in the portfolio that was subject to the moratorium. However, there is still a high 
level of uncertainty as Banco Montepio cannot guarantee that prevailing market conditions will persist or

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
return to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels in the future. 
As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate value of the loans subject to a moratorium that had then expired 
totalled €2,697 million, of which 88 per cent. were performing. 
EU Temporary Framework for State aid measures and Portuguese measures 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission ("EC") adopted a Temporary Framework for State aid 
measures (based on Article 107 (3) (b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union) to support 
the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak, which, inter alia, set out the possibilities Member States have 
under Union rules to ensure liquidity and access to finance for undertakings, especially small and medium-
sized undertakings (“SMEs”) that face a sudden shortage in this period in order to allow them to recover 
from the current situation. The aim was to lay down a framework that enables Member States to support 
undertakings experiencing difficulties due to the COVID-19 outbreak and to provide urgently needed 
liquidity for companies, whilst maintaining the integrity of the EU Internal Market, ensuring a level playing 
field. 
The Temporary Framework provides for five types of aid: 
(i) 
Direct grants, selective tax advantages and advance payments: Member States will be able to set 
up schemes to grant up to €800,000 to a company to address its urgent liquidity needs. 
(ii) 
State guarantees for loans taken by companies from banks: Member States will be able to provide 
State guarantees to ensure banks keep providing loans to the customers who need them. 
(iii) 
Subsidised public loans to companies: Member States will be able to grant loans with favourable 
interest rates to companies. These loans can help businesses cover immediate working capital and 
investment needs. 
(iv) 
Safeguards for banks that channel State aid to the real economy: Some Member States plan to build 
on banks' existing lending capacities, and use them as a channel for support to businesses – in 
particular to small and medium-sized companies. The Framework makes clear that such aid is 
considered as direct aid to the banks' customers, not to the banks themselves, and gives guidance 
on how to ensure minimal distortion of competition between banks. 
(v) 
Short-term export credit insurance: The Framework introduces additional flexibility on how to 
demonstrate that certain countries are not-marketable risks, thereby enabling short-term export 
credit insurance to be provided by the State where needed. 
Given the limited size of the EU budget, the main response will come from Member States' national 
budgets. The Temporary Framework will help target support to the economy, while limiting negative 
consequences to the level playing field in the Single Market. 
The EC is continuously examining the need to further adapt the Temporary Framework that was initially 
set to expire on 31 December 2020 and later extended to 30 June 2021. In view of the persistence and 
evolution of the COVID-19 outbreak, the EC decided to prolong all measures set out in the Temporary 
Framework, including recapitalisation measures, until 30 June 2022. 
In respect of the Portuguese support measures to help citizens and companies during the significant 
economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic, the EC approved the following: 
• 
On 22 March 2020, four guarantee schemes, in a total amount of € 3 billion, for SMEs and midcaps 
affected by the COVID-19 outbreak to be applied in four different sectors: (i) tourism; (ii) 
restaurants; (iii) extractive and manufacturing industry; and (iv) travel agency activities, tourism, 
event organisation;

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
• 
On 4 April 2020, two schemes to support SMEs and large companies affected by the coronavirus 
outbreak: a direct grant scheme, and a State guarantee scheme for investment and working capital 
loans granted by commercial banks; 
• 
On 8 April 2020, a scheme to support SMEs active in the fishery and aquaculture sector in the 
context of the coronavirus outbreak in the form of a credit line in a total amount of €20 million; 
• 
On 17 April 2020, a scheme to support investment in research and development (R&D), testing and 
production of products that are relevant to the coronavirus outbreak, including vaccines, 
ventilators and personal protective equipment. The public support took the form of direct grants in 
a total amount of €140 million; 
• 
On 25 May 2020, two schemes intended to preserve employment in the Azores during the 
coronavirus pandemic in a total amount of €43 million; 
• 
On 10 June 2020, a rescue loan in favour of Transportes Aéreos Portugueses SGPS S.A. in an amount 
of €1.2 billion to provide the Portuguese airline company with the necessary resources to address 
its immediate liquidity needs, without unduly distorting competition in the Single Market; 
• 
On 22 June 2020, a scheme to support companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak in the 
autonomous region of Madeira in a total amount of €40 million. The support took the form of direct 
grants and State guarantees on loans; 
• 
On 31 August 2020, a credit line scheme to support SMEs active in Madeira in the agricultural and 
agri-food sectors, in a total amount of €5 million; 
• 
On 20 October 2020, a scheme for preserving employment on the Azores Islands in a total amount 
of €9 million; the scheme followed two measures approved by the EC in May 2020, which had 
expired; 
• 
On 21 January 2021, a scheme to support micro, small and medium companies active in sectors 
particularly affected by the coronavirus outbreak, in a total amount of €1.2 billion, in the form of 
direct grants available under two different measures: 'Apoiar.PT', open to micro and small 
companies exclusively active in commerce and services open to consumers, cultural activities, 
touristic activities, the hospitality sector, and food and beverage service activities; 'Apoiar 
Restauração', open to micro, small and medium companies in the food and beverage sector; and 
'Apoiar Rendas' to compensate companies for a certain percentage of their rental payments and 
provide financial support, to help businesses preserve jobs and avoid lay-offs; 
• 
On 11 February 2021, a €35 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
with head offices or permanent establishments in the region of the Azores, from sectors most 
severely affected by the economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak; 
• 
On 2 March 2021, a €15 million scheme (The 'Apoiar.PT Açores –4ºT 2020') to support micro, small 
and medium-sized enterprises with head offices or permanent establishments in the region of the 
Azores in the context of the COVID-19 outbreak; 
• 
On 31 March 2021, a €500 million Portuguese top-up insurance scheme to support domestic trade 
credit in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme aims to support the availability of 
trade credit insurance to all companies, therefore reducing their immediate liquidity needs; 
• 
On 6 April 2021, a €35 million scheme to support companies in the Azores region affected by the 
coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to be open to companies of all sizes active in the 
Azores, conditioned on the level of employment maintained until June 2021;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
• 
On 16 April 2021, a €150 million scheme to support Portuguese companies in the region of the 
Azores affected by the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of a direct grant, to mitigate the negative 
impact of the government-imposed restrictive measures to limit the spread of the coronavirus on 
companies active in the region of the Azores; 
• 
On 26 April 2021, the Commission confirmed that a €462 million support measure in favour of 
Transportes Aéreos Portugueses, S.A., the largest airline based in Portugal, was in line with EU state 
aid rules. The measure aims to compensate the company for damages incurred between March and 
June 2020, as a direct result of the containment measures and travel restrictions introduced to limit 
the spread of the coronavirus; 
• 
On 27 April 2021, a €8 million scheme to support companies in the Azores region in the context of 
the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to mitigate the impact of the restrictive 
measures imposed by the authorities to limit the spread of the coronavirus; 
• 
On 3 May 2021, a €12 million in support of the Portuguese SATA Air Açores company - Sociedade 
Açoriana de Transportes Aéreos S.A. ("SATA Air Açores") - as compensation for the damages 
suffered due to the travel restrictions imposed in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The 
support will take the form of a €12 million direct grant. The Commission also approved up to €255.5 
million additional support to SATA Air Açores, to address the company's immediate liquidity needs; 
• 
On 10 May 2021, a €22 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises in the 
region of Madeira, in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme, "APOIAR.PT.Madeira", 
which is open to companies operating in the sectors most affected by the economic impact of the 
coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, aims to help companies that have experienced 
a fall in turnover of at least 25 per cent. in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019; 
• 
On 4 June 2021, a €500,000 scheme to support the passenger transport sector in the Region of the 
Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to mitigate the 
liquidity shortages faced by the beneficiaries due to the coronavirus outbreak, and the restrictive 
measures that the government had to implement to limit the spread of the virus; 
• 
On 29 June 2021, a €8 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
affected by the coronavirus outbreak in the outermost region of the Azores, in the form of direct 
grants, which was earmarked for beneficiaries active in the most severely impacted sectors (tourism, 
hospitality, etc.); 
• 
On 19 July 2021, the Commission approved, under EU state aid rules, a calculation methodology for 
premiums on guaranteed loans for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. The methodology 
aims to serve the granting authorities in calculating price guarantees at market-rate, or the aid 
element in guarantees for the purpose of the application of the De Minimis Regulation or of the 
General Block Exemption Regulation; 
• 
On 29 July 2021, a €275,000 Portuguese scheme to support companies active in the sugarcane-
processing sector in Madeira. The measure aims to mitigate the liquidity shortages that the 
beneficiaries are facing and address part of the losses that they incurred due to the coronavirus 
outbreak and the restrictive measures in place to limit the spread of virus. Under the scheme, the 
public support will take the form of direct grants; 
• 
On 1 September 2021, a €10 million scheme to support farmers active in the outermost region of 
the Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. Under the scheme, the public support, in the 
form of direct grants, aims to mitigate the liquidity shortages and part of the losses the beneficiaries 
incurred due to the coronavirus outbreak and the restrictive measures put in place to limit the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
spread of the virus; 
• 
On 14 September 2021, a €500,000 scheme to further support the passenger transport sector in 
the Region of the Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak, following the previous measure 
from 4 June 2021. Under the scheme, the support, in the form of direct grants, aims to mitigate the 
sudden liquidity shortages faced by the beneficiaries and address the losses incurred due to the 
coronavirus outbreak and the restrictive measures implemented to limit the spread of the virus; 
and 
• 
On 22 December 2021, €2.55 billion of restructuring aid for Group Transportes Aéreos Portugueses 
SGPS S.A. and TAP Air Portugal airline, and €107.1 for TAP Air Portugal for damages suffered due to 
the coronavirus pandemic. The assistance, in the form of equity or quasi equity measures, aims to 
compensate for loss incurred due to travel restrictions put in place to limit the spread of the 
coronavirus, and help support the beneficiaries' long-term viability. 
The exceptional circumstances and the wide effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the 
measures taken from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuer at its own 
initiative to address this situation, notably those relating to moratoria in respect of loans granted to 
individuals and companies permitting borrowers to postpone regular payments under their loans for 
certain periods, to the extent applicable, may generally affect the capacity of the Issuer to carry out its 
business as normal. It is not possible at this stage to assess all specific measures that will be implemented 
to curb the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the relevant impacts such measures will have on the 
Issuer. 
Portugal's recovery and resilience plan 
As Europe moves from crisis management to economic recovery, State aid control will also accompany 
and facilitate the implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Facility ("RRF"). In this context, on 21 
December 2020, the Commission published a number of State aid guiding templates, covering several 
types of investments projects, which are intended to assist Member States in the design of their national 
recovery plans, in line with EU State aid rules. The EC will assess all State aid notifications received from 
Member States in the context of the RRF as a matter of priority. The RRF will make €672.5 billion in loans 
and grants available to support reforms and investments undertaken by Member States. The aim is to 
mitigate the economic and social impact of the coronavirus pandemic and make European economies and 
societies more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges and opportunities of the green 
and digital transitions. By offering large-scale financial support for investment and reforms, the RRF will 
better prepare Member States for a sustainable recovery. The reforms and investments in Portugal's 
recovery and resilience plan will help Portugal become more sustainable, resilient and better prepared 
for the challenges and opportunities of the green and digital transitions. The plan consists of 83 
investments and 32 reforms. They will be supported by a €16.6 billion recovery and resilience plan 
(consisting of €13.9 billion in grants and €2.7 billion in loans), of which 38 per cent. of the plan will support 
climate objectives and 22 per cent. of the plan will foster the digital transition. All reforms and investments 
have to be implemented within a tight timeframe, as the Regulation on the RRF foresees they have to be 
completed by August 2026. 
In the area of climate and environmental policies (green transition), Portugal's challenges include the need 
to make construction and building materials more energy-efficient, diversify energy sources and improve 
forest fire prevention. 
Digital challenges for Portugal include the need for investment, particularly in the development of digital 
skills, both basic and advanced, in the use of digital technologies to ensure equal access to quality 
education and training, and to facilitate competition. This is especially relevant in Portugal, where the 
economy is characterised by micro-enterprises concentrated in traditional sectors.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
In the Portuguese economy, there is high public and private debt and sluggish productivity growth which 
is held back by, inter alia, relatively low levels of investment (particularly in intangibles), low R&D 
intensity, overall low skill levels of the population and a business environment hampered by regulatory 
restrictions and inefficiencies in the justice system. The recovery and resilience plan will support and 
finance key measures to reinforce Portugal's economic and social resilience. 
Capital relief measures related to COVID-19 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that the financial institutions can 
continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak 
become apparent. The ECB will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by 
the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) and the capital conservation buffer (CCB). The ECB considers that these 
temporary measures will be enhanced by the appropriate relaxation of the countercyclical capital buffer 
(CCyB) by the national macroprudential authorities.  
Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital instruments which do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET1) capital, such as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet Pillar 2 Requirements (“P2R”). 
This measure was initially scheduled to come into force in January 2021 as part of the revision to the CRD 
IV. It was accelerated as a relief measure to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In a press release dated 8 May 2020, the Bank of Portugal published the decision to postpone the phase-
in period of the capital buffer for “Other Systemically Important Institutions” (“O-SII”), the category on 
which the Issuer falls, by 1 year. As such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must 
hold on 1 January 2021 was postponed to 1 January 2022. Capital buffers as a percentage of total risk-
weighted assets consist of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis and were determined by the Bank of 
Portugal to be applicable in phases, from 1 January 2018 onwards.  
On 26 June 2020 it was published Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 24 June 2020 (the "CRR Quick Fix"), amending Regulations (EU) 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards 
certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in force since 27 June 2020, with the 
exception of the amendments to the calculation of the leverage ratio which will apply from 28 June 2021. 
The purpose of this regulation is to encourage banks to continue lending to businesses and households 
during the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and to absorb the economic shock of the pandemic. 
In this context, the CRR Quick Fix amends specific aspects of the CRR, such as extending the transitional 
arrangements for mitigating the impact of the IFRS 9 provisions on regulatory, applying a preferential 
treatment for publicly guaranteed loans under the prudential backstop for non-performing loans available 
under the CRR, delaying until 1 January 2023 the application of the leverage ratio buffer for global 
systemically important institutions and also brings forward the dates of application of certain reforms 
introduced by the CRR 2. 
In addition, the Bank of Portugal published Circular Letter (Carta Circular) no. CC/2020/00000053 
informing that it will allow the restoration of the combined buffer requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance 
level by at least the end of 2022, and will allow the restoration of the LCR by at least the end of 2021, with 
a view to strengthening the lending capacity of credit institutions to the economy and the capacity to 
absorb losses from the pandemic crisis. In line with the decision taken by the European Central Bank for 
significant credit institutions, on 29 March 2022, the Bank of Portugal reported that the previously 
communicated easing measure concerning the capital recommendation ("Pillar 2 Guidance") and the 
combined buffer requirements will end on 31 December 2022. Therefore, from 1 January 2023 onwards, 
institutions must maintain levels of own funds in order to comply with the Pillar 2 Guidance and the 
combined buffer requirements, in accordance with the applicable legislation and the supervisory 
decisions individually communicated by the Bank of Portugal. As of 31 December 2021, the capital ratios 
reported by Banco Montepio were above the required prudential levels, including the combined buffer

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
requirements, not only under the phasing in criteria, but also on a fully implemented basis. For further 
information, please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Capital". 
Accordingly, whenever institutions do not comply or expect not to comply with the combined capital 
buffer or the Pillar 2 Guidance, they must notify the Bank of Portugal, submitting the plans and deadlines 
for their re-establishment. The Bank of Portugal will assess this information on a case-by-case basis. The 
Bank of Portugal also reiterated that on 31 March 2022 the measure allowing less significant credit 
institutions to benefit from the determination of the existence of exceptional circumstances for the 
purpose of excluding exposures to central banks from the calculation of the leverage ratio exposure 
measure will cease. Accordingly, from 1 April 2022, exposures to central banks are reinstated in the 
denominator of the leverage ratio. 
The principal rules with which Banco Montepio and all Portuguese banks must comply include the 
following: 
a) 
Solvency ratio 
Since the beginning of 2014, prudential indicators are Basel III-compliant. As such, Banco 
Montepio's Own Funds are divided into CET1, Tier 1 and Tier 2. As at 31 December 2021, Banco 
Montepio's CET1 ratio was 12.7 per cent., pursuant to the phasing-in criteria of the CRD IV package 
and the Bank of Portugal's Notice (Aviso) 10/2017. When measured under the full implementation 
criteria, the CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent. 
b) 
Limitations on credit risk concentration 
Exposure is classified as a large exposure where the liabilities of a counterparty (or such 
counterparty's group) represent 10 per cent. or more of Banco Montepio's Tier 1 Capital. As at 31 
December 2021, Banco Montepio's exposure to a counterparty group exceeded this threshold with 
an exposure of 13.8 per cent. of Tier 1 Capital. The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a 
counterparty (or such counterparty's group) cannot exceed 25 per cent. of Banco Montepio's Tier 
1 Capital. As at 31 December 2021, none of Banco Montepio's exposures exceeded such level. 
c) 
Limitations on equity participations in relation to own funds 
Direct and indirect participating interests held by Banco Montepio in the share capital of entities 
not subject to the Bank of Portugal's supervision cannot exceed 15 per cent. (individually) and 60 
per cent. (in aggregate) of Banco Montepio's own funds. Participating interests and non-
participating interests are, for the purposes of the Bank of Portugal's regulations, distinguished 
essentially by determining the period of time over which the interest is to be held or is intended to 
be held. An interest will be defined as "participating" if there is a sufficient degree of permanence 
in such holding. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, 
directly or indirectly, in the share capital of any such entities which exceeded such limits. 
d) 
Limitations on participating interests in relation to the share capital of certain companies 
The direct and indirect participating interests to be held for three years or more by Banco Montepio 
in non- financial entities are limited to 25 per cent. of the voting rights in the share capital of such 
non-financial entities. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating 
interest, directly or indirectly, exceeding such limit. 
e) 
Limitations on credit to qualified shareholders 
The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a qualified shareholder cannot exceed 10 per cent. of 
Banco Montepio's own funds and the global value of exposures to qualified shareholders cannot be 
greater than 30 per cent. of such own funds. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
have any exposure to a qualified shareholder exceeding such limit.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS 
The Residential Mortgage Business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is one of Portugal's largest residential mortgage lenders, a business it was authorised to develop 
long before the market was liberalised in 1991. In spite of the strong competition that followed that event, 
the Issuer has been able to maintain its market position and its recognition as a major player in this 
business. 
With the aim of defending its position as a mortgage specialist, focus is given to the quality of the service 
provided to its customer base, along with the adoption of rigorous, ethical and transparent practices. 
Origination 
All of the Issuer’s residential mortgage loans are originated at the branch level. This may take place as a 
result of direct contact with borrowers, or via proposals submitted to the Issuer by real estate agents. In 
each case, the client will have to go to the branch to follow the standard application and approval process. 
Credit Decision 
The Issuer has adapted product policies applied before the financial crisis that included decreasing loan- 
to-value ratios and maturities as well as introducing less flexible repayment schemes. 
The Issuer has refocused its strategic guidelines for mortgage lending, focusing on credit decisions, 
delinquency loans and customer profitability. 
In Portugal, most residential mortgage loans pay interest on a floating rate basis, indexed to 3, 6 and 12 
month Euribor (being the 12 month the current benchmark) with a spread depending on the loan-to-value 
ratio and the relevant clients’ scoring under Basel II rules. While most banks offer fixed or capped rate 
alternatives, the majority of the Portuguese borrowers are still preferring the floating rate loans. The 
potential evolution of instalments and the impact on delinquency are considered in the Issuer’s credit 
decision. 
In order to prevent future increases in Euribor and over indebtedness, the Issuer stresses the financial 
customer capacity evaluation for new loans by adding 300 basis points to the standard loan rate (ie to the 
Euribor plus spread applicable to the loan). 
Additionally, in the credit decision analysis, the Issuer uses a Return on Regulatory Capital (RORC) pricing 
model, which takes into consideration the cost of capital, cost of funding and cost of risk based on the 
internal scoring models in place, which assess the credit risk of clients based on a wide range of variables, 
such as socio-demographic, economic, financial and behavioral. 
Underwriting 
Mortgage loans applications are submitted by customers at the local branches. At the branch of the 
commercial area, the information required in accordance with internal credit rules (i.e. financing 
application, identity documents, informative questionnaires and official documents evidencing the 
customer's income) is collected, checked and entered into the "Credit Scoring System". This system 
automatically checks whether there is any relevant information on the customer stored in internal and/or 
external databases and checks the application against the main credit policies/rules (i.e. Loan-to- Value, 
Debt-to-Income). 
The Credit Analysis Division (an independent area of the commercial divisions) issues a binding opinion in 
the second and third levels of decision. 
The proposals are submitted through a workflow system that automatically validates the competent level 
for decision. The approval of housing loans is the responsibility of four levels of management, involving

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
the Branch, the Regional Department and Credit Analysis Department, the Commercial Manager and the 
Credit Analysis Manager and the Executive Board. 
The limits depend on the score and Loan to Value (LTV): 
1st Level: Branch (Loan amount limit): €150,000 to €300,000 (highest to the lowest risk score) and LTV not 
higher than 80 per cent. (second or holiday home), 90 per cent (general rule) or 100 per cent. (when 
financing properties held in the Issuer’s balance sheet). 
2nd Level: Regional Department and Credit Risk Department: €300,000 to €800,000 and LTV not higher 
than 80 per cent., 90 per cent. or 100 per cent., depending on the loan purpose. 
3rd Level: Commercial Manager and the Risk Analysis Manager: €450,000 to €1,100,000 and LTV not 
higher than 80 per cent., 90 per cent. or 100 per cent, depending on the loan purpose. 
4th Level: Executive Board: Other cases 
Once a decision has been made by the relevant decision level, the customer is formally informed by mail. 
Insurance Cover 
Property insurance coverage is required in respect of any property which is the subject of a mortgage 
loan. The existence of fire or multi-risk insurance is compulsory for an amount equal to the property 
reconstruction value and with an insurance company approved by the Issuer. 
Life insurance is also compulsory, for an amount at least equal to the value of the loan and for all the 
borrowers, which, in case of death or permanent invalidity of the borrower, guarantees the payment of 
the outstanding capital to the Issuer. 
Security Interests 
Loans are secured by first ranking mortgage over the property to be purchased. In exceptional cases, this 
may be replaced by a guarantee over another property or by a pledge of securities/deposits. 
Mortgage Products 
Under the laws of the Portuguese Republic, the term of any mortgage contract may exceed 30 years, 
however maximum loan terms have been defined, depending on the age of the borrower: 
- 
40-year term for borrowers aged up to or equal to 30 years old 
- 
37-year term for borrowers aged between 30 and 35 years old 
- 
35-year term for borrowers older than 35 years old 
All loans must be repaid in instalments (comprising interest and principal) and paid by direct debit (the 
system automatically debits the customer's current account associated with the loan), usually on a 
monthly basis. 
The majority of residential mortgage loans pay interest on a floating rate basis, indexed to 3, 6 or 12 
month EURIBOR, plus a spread, depending on the LTV ratio and on the risk class assigned by the scoring 
system. 
In order to mitigate the risk, the underwriting criteria for mortgage loans was revised, pursuant to which 
LTV and debt-to-income ratios are kept at a maximum of 80 per cent. and 50 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
 
In the most recent years, the Issuer has been focused in the mortgage sector which translates into the 
origination amounts that have been observed since mid-2020. 
Monitoring 
The Issuer proceeds to the monitoring of the credit portfolio on a monthly basis. In that process, the Issuer 
closely analyzes the performance of a number of indicators, which include the risk ratios and a set of 
quality indicators, such as debt to income, the loan-to-value ratio, and the risk class. The Issuer also 
performs regular revisions to the scoring models, in order to guarantee their accuracy. For that purpose, 
a number of indicators are analysed, such as the overrides and the acceptance and rejection rates. 
Delinquency management in the mortgage business 
For the Issuer, the residential mortgage business requires a strict and consistent management of 
delinquency, using multiple solutions to prevent and mitigate non-performing loans. 
Early detection of delinquency situations led to the creation of the concept of a client in financial distress. 
A customer is in financial distress when the client records a default within the Issuer, or when the client 
shows difficulty in paying expenses, even if the customer is not yet in default. In either circumstance, 
typically, the client has had a reduction of disposable income, meaning an increase in the debt-to-income 
ratio when compared to that observed at the time of underwriting. 
For these clients, the Issuer has enhanced its information systems in order to detect customers (i) with a 
partial delay in paying of at least one mortgage instalment; (ii) using the total overdraft limit negotiated 
in a two-month period; (iii) using the full credit limit in credit cards at least once in the last 6 months; 
(iv) with an indication of credit written-off, non-performing loans or credit renegotiation in the Bank of 
Portugal’s systems. 
It also detects customers whose payments, by direct debit, are lagging behind or whose debit payments 
have been cleared. 
New legislation relating to default situations within the context of residential loan agreements was 
established from 2012 onwards, which resulted in the adoption of new concepts for the characterisation 
of customers who are in economic difficulty and new measures aimed at preventing default and 
promoting extrajudicial renegotiation of loans, applicable to credit institutions. 
Like other Banks, the Issuer has implemented the Pre-arrears Action Plan (PARI), with new rules, 
procedures and measures which allow for: early detections of signs of delinquency risk, implementing

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
systems to identify default risk; control of borrowers who report financial difficulties; the adoption of 
measures to prevent arrears; the evaluation of evidence of default risk; repayment solutions proposals, 
whenever the risk of failure is caused by temporary and specifically defined circumstances; evaluation of 
the financial capacity of the client; contract restructuring or credit agreements consolidation proposals, 
in cases where the risk of default is assumed to be permanent. 
The Issuer has also created an extrajudicial settlement procedure for borrowers in default situation 
(PERSI), with several measures intended to automatically detect customers in default and propose timely 
contractual changes and restructurings, including: the notification of customer arrears and amounts due, 
to the borrower and guarantors; registration of the reasons for non-compliance and assessment of the 
financial capacity of the client; reporting clients about the evaluation of failure; contractual remedies 
proposals, adequate to each borrower’s financial situation. 
Arrears management in Pre-Litigation 
The arrears management in the first 60 (sixty) days is performed at branch level. At the first missed 
payment, letters are sent to debtors and guarantors requesting repayment of overdue amounts. The 
commercial network is informed of the arrears and is encouraged to contact customers for the respective 
regularization. New settlement plans draw-up and decision about them for loans in arrears with less than 
1 month, followed by a closely monitoring of the loans performance under the revised settlement plans. 
Contacts are also made via Contact Centre at the 10th, 30th and 45th day of arrears. Scripts are different, 
becoming more assertive as the time in arrears increases. 
All phone contacts are recorded and registered in a dedicated credit recovery software (SIRA), and if 
necessary, meetings are scheduled between the borrowers / guarantors and the respective branches. 
The Issuer also developed software and proceedings for dealing with the customers that are eligible for 
PERSI-Extrajudicial Procedure Default Situations Regularization (Decree-Law 227/2012, of 25 October) 
namely whenever the Client alerts about the risk of default, transmit facts indicating the deterioration of 
its financial capacity or explicitly request the inclusion in PERSI. For the remaining customers PERSI is 
triggered after 31 (thirty-one) days in arrears. 
After 60 (sixty) days in arrears the process is monitored by the Credit Recovery Division. Within the scope 
of the ongoing transformation project, a new organization structure was implemented and new credit 
delegation rules were put in place, reducing the decision process cycle. Additionally it were implemented 
a set of predefined cure approaches based on a decision tree process, on a loan by loan basis, tailored to 
each segment and credit features, differentiating short term from medium to long term approaches. 
Several letters are sent to the borrowers and guarantors, as well as outbound calls to the borrowers and 
guarantors, notifying them on the delinquent status of the loan and advising about a new channel for 
payments (via net banking and ATM’s) in addition to the standard direct debit procedure. In the following 
30 (thirty) days, every legal steps provided for in PERSI are implemented, including contacts, letters and 
negotiations to deal with the delinquency. Applicable solutions have a wide scope and can take several 
forms, including: 
➢ 
Short-term treatment 
• 
Regularization plans for credit recovery; 
• 
Contractual changes with grace periods of principal; 
• 
Contractual changes with grace periods of principal and interest; 
➢ 
Long-term treatment 
• 
Extension of the contractual maturity;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
• 
Deferring part of principal outstanding for the final installment; 
• 
Customer's debt restructuring through a new contract with new warranties and / or 
guarantors; 
➢ 
Last attempt treatment 
• 
Credit reimbursement by selling the collateral to a third party; 
• 
Taking back the property (deed in lieu); 
• 
Integration into real estate rental funds 
After 180 (one hundred and eighty) days in arrears, if it is not possible to reach an agreement with the 
customer, then the legal process is initiated. Due to the current economic situation and to the households’ 
difficulties this period may be extended, if necessary. 
Arrears Management - litigation 
The litigation process is usually initiated after 6 months in arrears; and since 2019, litigation recovery 
process has been fully outsourced to law firms that handle the legal process through all its phases. 
External law firms no matter the process complexity and/or exposure amount perform the judicial 
recovery. The exchange of information with these law firms is performed on a daily basis through a secure 
server (FTPs - File Transfer Protocol Secure) using interface files with the data and scanned documents. 
Bearing in mind that the aim of DRC is to settle the defaulted mortgage loans mainly out of the court, 
even at this stage a settlement out of court is still possible.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW 
 
 
The following is a brief overview of Portuguese legal provisions applicable to the issuance of Covered 
Bonds. Prospective investors should seek their own independent legal advice. 
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese Law. 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by the Regulatory Notices. The Regulatory Notices 
address matters such as the segregation of the assets included in the cover pool assets from the insolvent 
estate of the issuer in the event of insolvency, the compliance with asset and liability matching 
requirements and the methodology for valuation of mortgages and properties, namely: 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for mortgage credits 
comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered bonds 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution which has issued 
covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
Instruction (“Instrução”) 13/2006, of the Bank of Portugal, contains rules to be followed in respect 
of notices to the Bank of Portugal regarding the issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds 
Law. Prior to a first issuance of covered bonds, and on each subsequent issuance, an Institution is 
required to provide the Bank of Portugal with certain documentation and information, including a 
chart showing the detailed composition of the autonomous pool of assets allocated to the covered 
bonds. 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette (Diário da República). Without 
prejudice to some transitory provisions, this new regime entered into force on 1 July 2022. In accordance 
with the CBD, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 provides for permanent grandfathering with respect 
to certain requirements of the new regime for Article 52 (4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds 
issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for EU Member States to allow tap issues of 
grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022, which Portugal has elected for under 
the new legislation), provided that such issues comply with certain prescribed requirements. Pursuant to 
the transitory regime set out in paragraph 4 of Article 7 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, this Base 
Prospectus is intended to be used solely for tap issues of grandfathered Covered Bonds, which is 
permitted under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided the following requirements are met: 
a) 
The maturity date of the covered bond does not exceed 8 July 2027; 
b) 
The total volume of increments made after 8 July 2022 does not exceed twice the total volume of 
covered bond issues carried out and not yet repaid on such date;

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
c) 
The total volume of covered bond issues on the maturity date does not exceed € 6,000,000,000.00; 
and 
d) 
The collateral assets are located in Portugal. 
Such grandfathered covered bonds will continue to be governed by the Covered Bonds Law in conjunction 
with certain provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (e.g., certain provisions relating to 
insolvency of the issuer). The supervision of grandfathered covered bonds has been transferred from the 
Bank of Portugal to the CMVM from 1 July 2022. The Decree-Law also provides that the secondary 
legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal will remain in force until the CMVM has issued replacement 
regulations. 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, as complemented by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, mortgage 
covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) may be issued by credit institutions legally authorised to grant 
credits guaranteed by mortgages over property (the “Institutions”).  
If the issuer of covered bonds is a credit institution, with no restrictions to its banking activities, it may 
issue covered bonds directly maintaining the underlying cover pool on its balance sheet. The Issuer is an 
Institution. 
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of 
the insolvent Institution, the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties will also rank pari 
passu with unsecured creditors of the Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent 
Institution. Please refer for further detail to Segregation of Cover Assets and Insolvency Remoteness 
below. 
COVER ASSETS 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions, nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; 
b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all mortgage credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate 
insurance policy, in each case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) 
above. 
“Other Assets” Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets: 
a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the EU member states whose currency is the euro); 
b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required 
at any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent; and

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Regulatory Notices. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which, 
for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law, are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential 
property. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Fitch and/or 
Moody’s a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by 
such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, namely to hedge interest 
rate, foreign exchange rate and liquidity risks. The Regulatory Notices contain certain rules governing the 
limits and conditions for the use of these hedging contracts. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide to, include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, an Institution is required by the Covered Bonds Law to maintain a register of all the assets 
comprised in the cover pool, including hedging contracts and to have them identified through a code in 
the issue documents. The key to such code is deposited with the Bank of Portugal. 
VALUATION AND LOAN-TO-VALUE CRITERIA 
Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with the rules defined by the Bank of Portugal (in particular, pursuant to 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006, which establishes rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of 
assets and derivatives). 
The maximum Loan to Value cannot exceed the value of the mortgages and is 80 per cent. for residential 
mortgages and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans. 
The value of each property securing a mortgage credit comprised in a cover pool may not be higher than 
the commercial value of such property, determined in accordance with a prudent criteria and taking into 
consideration: (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such property, (ii) the standard conditions 
of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant property, and (iv) any alternative uses of each such 
property. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by an issuer 
of covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool may not 
be higher than the market value of the relevant properties. For these purposes, the market value of each 
property corresponds to the price by which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser, 
able to complete such purchase, (please refer to page 93 of this Base Prospectus) on the date of the 
valuation of such property, assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the market conditions 
allow for a regular transfer of the property and (iii) there is a normal period of time to negotiate the 
corresponding purchase and sale, considering the nature of the property. 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing 
mortgage credits included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
for such valuations, the appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and 
transitional provisions concerning valuations made prior the coming into force of the aforesaid Regulatory 
Notice.

--- Page 238 ---
238
 
 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices establish the following asset and liabilities matching 
requirements: 
• 
The global nominal value of the outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed 95 per cent. 
of the global value of the mortgage credits and other assets at any time comprised in the relevant 
cover pool (i.e., a mandatory overcollateralisation of 5.2632 per cent.). Pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer is committed to an overcollateralisation of 10.0 per 
cent. which is higher than the 5.2632 per cent. threshold required by the Covered Bonds Law. For 
further information, refer to Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants); 
• 
The average maturity of outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed the average maturity 
of the mortgage credits and substitution assets allocated to the relevant issue of covered bonds; 
• 
The total amount of interest to be paid by an Institution under any covered bonds shall not exceed, 
at any point in time, the amount of interest to be collected from the mortgage credits and other 
assets comprised in the cover pool backing the relevant issue of covered bonds – this means, 
therefore, that under the Covered Bonds Law cash flows from the cover pool must at all times be 
sufficient to meet all scheduled payments due to the holders of covered bonds; 
• 
The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of covered bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law cannot exceed the net present value of the cover pool assigned to such covered bonds, 
including any hedging contracts also comprised in the cover pool. This ratio must also be met for 
200 basis points parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining 
financial and prudential requirements, Institutions are required to use the following criteria: 
(i) 
the mortgage credits shall be accounted for the nominal value of their outstanding principal, 
including any accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
the covered bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any other assets: 
(a) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(b) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for a value which is 
obtained in accordance with margin calculation rules laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued but unpaid interests. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Institution must use 
the foreign exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
The Covered Bonds Law also contains rules regarding the management of the cover pool allocated to one 
or more issues of covered bonds, allowing the Institution, inter alia, to assign new mortgage credits to the 
cover pool. The Institution may also enter into irrevocable credit facilities for the provision of liquidity in 
connection with the liabilities arising under the covered bonds. The credit facility counterparty must have 
a minimum credit rating of “A-”. 
An Institution is entitled to enter into derivatives contracts to hedge interest, exchange rate and liquidity 
risks. These derivatives contracts are also included in the cover pool and the derivative counterparties 
(who also benefit from the special creditor privilege) have to be rated “A-” or above. If a particular issue

--- Page 239 ---
239
 
 
of covered bonds is denominated in a currency other than the euro, the Institution must enter into 
adequate hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging the relevant currency exchange risk. 
If the limits and requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law are exceeded, the issuer is required 
to remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new mortgage credits, with or without substitution 
of those already allocated to the Covered Bonds; and/or (ii) purchasing outstanding covered bonds in the 
secondary market and/or (iii) allocating other eligible assets within the limits of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Institution and, if necessary to comply with 
the prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law, substituted by new mortgage credits. 
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or pledged if the Institution allocates new 
mortgage credits to the covered bonds sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and prudential 
requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Instruction 13/2006, of the Bank of Portugal, contains rules to be followed in respect of regulatory notices 
to the supervisory authority regarding the issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law in the 
context of first and subsequent issuances, including a chart showing the detailed composition of the 
autonomous pool of assets allocated to the covered bonds. On a monthly basis, the Institution is required 
to provide the supervisory authority with information on the number and amount of covered bonds 
outstanding and on any new issues of covered bonds and redemptions occurred. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND BANKING SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with 
the CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Institution of the financial and 
prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the independent auditor is required to issue an annual report 
covering the compliance by the issuer with the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Also, a common representative of the holders of the covered bonds – common to all mortgage or public 
covered bond issues (“obrigações hipotecárias”) or (“obrigações sobre o sector público”) – must be 
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Institution in order to represent the interest of the holders of 
covered bonds. 
The Bank of Portugal and the CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision respectively, with 
the CMVM having replaced the Bank of Portugal as the supervisory authority for Covered Bonds since 1 
July 2022. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation 
The assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Institution to the issues of covered bonds will remain 
and be registered in separate accounts of the Institution and will be identified under a codified form. The 
key to such code will be deposited with the supervisory authority. If the holders of covered bonds decide 
to accelerate the relevant covered bonds pursuant to Article 4.5 of the Covered Bonds, the common 
representative of such holders shall request the supervisory authority to disclose the information 
associated to such code key. 
The assets included in the register maintained by the Institution will form a segregate estate over which 
the holders of the covered bonds will have a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial), in 
particular in case of the winding-up and/or the dissolution of the Institution. 
In the event of insolvency of the Institution, the assets allocated to one or more issues of covered bonds

--- Page 240 ---
240
 
 
will be segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by a third 
party until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of covered bonds. In any case, and even if the 
Institution is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines that timely payments of interest and 
reimbursements under the covered bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
From and including 1 July 2022, the following regime applies under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, 
substituting the previous regime on such matters under the Covered Bonds Law: 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, CMVM shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, 
as the competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and interests of the holders of Covered Bonds, 
in particular by verifying the continuity and sound management of the covered bonds programme 
following the resolution action. 
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution 
authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the Issuer, 
informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the covered bonds in the resolution action applied. In 
addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of 
Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the authorisation of the Issuer.  
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent 
liquidation of the Issuer, CMVM may appoint a Special Administrator, within 10 business days after the 
revocation of such authorisation. The roles and responsibilities of the Special Administrator include: 
a) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
b) 
the management and settlement of hedging assets, including their transfer to another credit 
institution that issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered 
bonds; 
c) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(i) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(ii) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered 
Bonds; and 
(iii) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets in the Cover Pool and 
the transfer of the remaining assets, after the extinction of all hedging portfolio liabilities to 
the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer; 
d) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and 
respective guarantees, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; 
and 
(iv) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
e) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
The CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular in cases where such Special Administrator 
fails to fulfil and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. The remuneration of the Special Administrator is fixed by the CMVM and constitutes a charge on

--- Page 241 ---
241
 
 
the Cover Pool. 
Finally, the CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the 
Special Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the 
performance of their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in 
relation to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual 
report, regarding the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an 
independent auditor appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end 
of the relevant financial year, the Special Administrator will share with the CMVM the annual report, 
jointly with the audit report. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other 
creditors, for the purpose of redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant 
covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over 
any real estate preferential claims. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest 
and principal under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with 
unsecured creditors of the relevant Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the 
relevant counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) 
over such cover pool. Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of 
the covered bonds and, consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency 
of the Institution. 
From and including 1 July 2022, Article 5 (Dual Recourse) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds applies, 
which, while continuing to apply the same regime as above, specifies further detail thereto, confirming 
that the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds; (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the credit institution 
issuing the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the principal 
and any accrued and future interest; (c) in the case of the insolvency of the credit institution issuing the 
covered bonds and in the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a claim 
against the insolvency estate of that credit institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the credit 
institution’s ordinary unsecured creditors of the credit institution. It is further specified that the 
entitlements under (a) to (c) above are limited to the total payment obligations under the covered bonds 
and that the above dual recourse and special creditor privilege also applies in case of maturity extension 
of those covered bonds subject to automatic maturity extension, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
The remuneration costs and disbursements related with the tasks of the Common Representative will also 
benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) to the extent that the same are 
in line with the terms and conditions of the relevant issue. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of an Institution, a meeting 
of holders of covered bonds may decide, by a 2/3 (two thirds) majority vote, to accelerate the covered 
bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the estate allocated to the 
relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the Covered Bonds Law and in the relevant 
terms and conditions that govern such issue.

--- Page 242 ---
242
 
 
RISK-WEIGHTING & COMPLIANCE WITH EUROPEAN LEGISLATION 
Covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law are in compliance with the requirements 
of paragraph 4 of Article 52 of the UCITS Directive as well as with subparagraphs (a) to (f) of paragraph 1 
of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June 
2013, the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”). The risk-weighting applicable to covered bonds is also 
governed by Article 129 of the CRR 
HARMONISATION OF THE EU COVERED BOND FRAMEWORK 
The CBD was published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 
2020, establishing a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes 
and has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, 
which entered into force on 1 July 2022, which approved the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer of covered 
bonds under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, to convert its 
existing covered bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme 
compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, by submitting the application to the CMVM together 
with the adjusted programme documentation and other applicable supporting documents and 
information. If the CMVM authorises such conversion, the covered bonds issued under the Covered Bonds 
Law will become subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the terms of such compliant covered 
bonds programme. Until authorisation from the CMVM is provided, the existing covered bonds 
programme does not fulfil the legal requirements to be considered compliant with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the transitory regime set out Article 7 (4) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, this Base 
Prospectus is intended to be used solely for tap issues of grandfathered Covered Bonds. Such 
grandfathered covered bonds will continue to be governed by the Covered Bonds Law in conjunction with 
certain provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (e.g., certain provisions relating to insolvency of 
the issuer).

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are 
deemed to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortization or reimbursement premiums and other 
types of remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment 
income for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds or of any other debt securities are qualified as 
capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General tax regime on debt securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is 
made available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which 
is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income 
(englobamento), subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional 
surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. 
applicable on income exceeding €250,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties 
is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the 
income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will 
apply. 
In this case, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Capital gains obtained 
by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed at a special tax rate of 28 
per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each year, which 
is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, 
subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. 
applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €250,000. The State Budget Law for 2022 foresees that, from 1 January 2023 onwards, the 
positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of 
shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Covered 
Bonds, is mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less 
than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and 
capital losses, amounts to or exceeds € 75,009. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains obtained with the 
transfer of Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non resident legal

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are 
included in their taxable income and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (14.7 
per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as 
established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. (11.9 per cent. in the Autonomous 
Region of Azores) for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous 
Region of Azores) on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (“derrama 
municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of 
more than € 1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (“derrama estadual”) of 3 per cent. (2.1 per 
cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) on the part of their taxable profits that exceeds € 1,500,000 
up to € 7,500,000, of 5 per cent. (3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores), on the part of the 
taxable profits that exceeds € 7,500,000 and 9 per cent. (6.3 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of 
Azores) on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is 
deemed a payment on account of the final tax due (except where the beneficiary is either a financial 
institution, a collective investment undertaking or an exempt entity as specified by current Portuguese 
tax law). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts 
opened in the name of one or more resident accountholders or non resident accountholders with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject 
to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are 
identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non resident entities is the following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non resident individuals is subject to 
withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts 
opened in the name of one or more non resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more 
unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant 
beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such 
beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the 
“low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non resident in Portugal without 
a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax 
at a rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts 
opened in the name of one or more non resident accountholders without a permanent establishment in 
Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a 
consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to legal persons 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
“low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the 
applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax 
authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction 
may apply at source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these 
purposes may be available for viewing and downloading at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non resident individuals are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region 
subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by 
Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos 
países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 
per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold 
will not be applicable when the following cumulative conditions are met by the seller: (i) the entity at 
issue has its residence in the European Union or in the European Economic Area State or in any country 
with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees information exchange; (ii) such entity is 
subject and not exempt from IRC, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent of the 
Portuguese IRC rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights for at least 1 year 
uninterruptedly; and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial 
arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of 
obtaining a tax advantage) or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to 
a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial 
order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, 
territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Special Debt securities tax regime 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time, last amended by 
Law 42/2016, of 28 December 2016 (“Decree-Law 193/2005”), investment income paid on, as well as 
capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of the Covered Bonds, to non-Portuguese resident 
beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt securities are integrated 
in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such 
as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity 
established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area Member 
State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax 
matters existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered 
above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the application of the

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
a) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
b) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
c) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or 
d) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista 
dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais 
favoráveis), as amended from time to time (hereinafter “Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004”). 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the 
provision of information to that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a 
Noteholder is required to hold the Covered Bonds through an account with one of the following entities: 
a) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
b) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered 
entities”, is a client of the latter; or 
c) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the 
Noteholders in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
(a) 
Domestic Clearing Covered Bonds 
Registration of the Covered Bonds in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront 
and requires evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficiary, to be provided by the Noteholder to 
the direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income 
(rendimentos de capitais) and to the transfer of Covered Bonds, as follows: 
(i) 
if the beneficiary is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese 
State, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial owner 
of the Covered Bonds itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non- residence pursuant to 
(iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal 
not being necessary, and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately 
of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(ii) 
if the beneficiary is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an insurance company 
domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a double 
taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax identification official 
document; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration, 
or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds 
and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-
residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary, and the 
beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any change in the requisite 
conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
(iii) 
If a beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or a collective investment 
scheme domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a 
double tax treaty, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) 
declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax 
authorities, confirming its legal existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-
residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below, so long as the beneficial owners of Covered 
Bonds provide the confirmation referred to in paragraph (iv) below. 
(iv) 
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: confirmation must 
be made by the relevant beneficial owner of Covered Bonds by way of (A) a certificate of residence 
or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities, (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by 
an official entity taking part of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, 
indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country; for these purposes, an identification document 
such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is indirectly possible to 
presume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) are not 
acceptable. The beneficiary must provide an original or a certified copy of such documents and, as 
a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been 
issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the 
relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The Beneficiary must 
inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement conditions that 
may eliminate the tax exemption. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Covered Bonds are registered in an account 
held by an international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, on each 
interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct register entity or to its 
representative, and with respect to all accounts under its management, the identification and quantity of 
securities, as well as the amount of income, and, when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, segregated 
by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
a) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be imputable and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
b) 
entities which have residence in country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, 
included in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order (Portaria) 
no. 150/2004) and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
c) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be imputable, and which are exempt or not subject to withholding; 
d) 
other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income generated by the securities would be imputable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with 
respect to the beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, 
should also be transmitted: 
a) 
name and address; 
b) 
tax identification number (if applicable); 
c) 
identification and quantity of the securities held; and

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
d) 
amount of income generated by the securities. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, 
tax was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-
Law 193/2005, as amended from time to time, last amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 December 2016. The 
refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Covered Bonds within 6 (six) months 
from the date the withholding took place. Following the amendments to Decree-Law 193/2005, 
introduced by Law 83/2013, of 9 December, a new special tax form for these purposes was approved by 
Order (Despacho) 2937/2014, published in the Portuguese Official Gazette (Diário da República), second 
series, no. 37, of 21 February 2014 issued by the Secretary of State of Tax Affairs (Secretário de Estado dos 
Assuntos Fiscais). 
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed from the Portuguese tax 
authorities within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the withholding took place. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax 
(FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia 
(the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt.  
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and is the 
subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered 
Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 
December 2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning 
bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development in July 2014.  
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities 
of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) 
information regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the 
Council Directive. The information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of 
residence, tax identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the 
end of the calendar year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account 
during the calendar year; or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
dividends and any other income generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the 
financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution 
acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May.  
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October. 
Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the 
relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or States which have signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting 
Standard. 
In view of the abovementioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end 
were provided by the Ministry of Finance, through Order 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order 302-
C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016 and Order 302-E/2016, of 2 
December 2016, all as amended from time to time. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA 
or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru 
payments prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). 
However, if additional that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY 
TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE 
TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE 
IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE 
PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE 
TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any 
of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).  
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Covered Bonds are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder.  
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Covered Bonds, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered 
Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons of any identifiable 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act.  
Each purchaser of Covered Bonds outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every 
subsequent purchaser of such Covered Bonds in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that:  
a) 
the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S; and  
b) 
the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States except pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area (each a "Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State:  
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
 a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer shall be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
United Kingdom – Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed that:  
a) 
in relation to offers to the public in France:  
it has only made and will only make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers ("AMF") of approval 
of the prospectus in relation to those Covered Bonds, by the competent authority of a Member 
State, other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable French law and regulation; or  
b) 
in relation to offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France:  
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds in 
France to and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to 
be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant final terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the AMF. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Covered Bonds or caused such Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell such Covered Bonds or cause such Covered Bonds to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Covered Bonds, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 2001) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, 
the “SFA”)), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based 
contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Canada 
The Covered Bonds may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Covered Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to 
admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or distribute any 
Covered Bonds or any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds 
in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in an offer of securities to the public under the meaning of Article 2, letter 
(d) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or Article 1, paragraph 1, letter (t) of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) except:  
a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time 
to time; or  
b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation.  
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above 
must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from 
time to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or 
possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid 
and offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
quote bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified 
in the relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out 
in the relevant agreement. Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such 
agreements. A description of the main terms of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the 
relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer is an entity duly authorised to engage in financial transactions, through its Legal Entity Identifier 
Code (“LEI Code”) no. 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 26 June 2008 and 23 March 2016, in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Law. The last update of the Programme was duly authorised by the resolution of the Executive Committee 
passed on 18 October 2022 and by the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 31 October 2022. 
Listing 
Application has been made to list the Covered Bonds on Euronext Dublin and to admit the Covered Bonds 
to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance at Interbolsa, through the clearing systems to which 
it has adhered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position of Banco Montepio and/or the Group and 
no significant change in the financial performance of Banco Montepio since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published, 30 September 2022. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco Montepio since 31 December 2021, 
the date of the last audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Legal and arbitration proceedings”, the Issuer is not involved in any legal, 
governmental or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 (twelve) months which may have or have had a significant 
negative effect on the Issuer’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability thereof. 
Statutory Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at 
CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 
1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos 
José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737).  
The financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 
were audited in accordance with IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
and 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-relations: 
a) 
the constitutional documents (including the by-laws) of the Issuer (Portuguese and English

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
versions); 
b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (Portuguese and English versions), in each case with 
the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
c) 
the unaudited consolidated results of the Issuer for the first half of 2022 (Portuguese and English 
versions); 
d) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first nine months of 2022 (Portuguese and English 
versions); 
e) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures dated 27 April 2017, as amended; 
f) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement dated 18 November 2008, as amended and 
restated; 
g) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
h) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other 
than the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In relation to the documents referred to at (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Issuer confirms that the translations 
thereof are true and accurate; however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and the 
English translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Electronic copy of this Base Prospectus 
Electronic copies of this Base Prospectus (and any supplements thereto) are available from the official 
website of the Issuer (www.bancomontepio.pt) and the official website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Language of the Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within 
this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Covered 
Bonds, except if required by law, in which case such information will be disclosed at the Issuer’s website. 
Stabilisation Manager 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in Definitions), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or perform transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation 
Manager) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 (thirty) days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 (sixty) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
Data obtained through third party sources 
Where information is stated in this Base Prospectus to have been sourced from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The statements relating to market positions of the Issuer are based on calculations made by the Issuer 
using data produced by itself and/or obtained from other entities and which are contained or referred to 
in the Annual Report of the Issuer for 2020 and 2021 and the press release with the announcement of the 
results as of 30 September 2022 (available at www.cmvm.pt and www.bancomontepio.pt).  
Listing Agent scope 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Additional Security” means any other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of a Mortgage Credit. 
"Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by 
Euroclear S.A./N.V ("Euroclear Bank") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for 
the purpose of holding such accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 
April 2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
(acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent 
agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
interest amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Arranger” means NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity appointed as an arranger for the 
Programme and references in this Agreement to the Arranger shall be references to the relevant Arranger. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Auditor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., 
registered at CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon. 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and 
principal payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the the Cover Pool, any 
sale proceeds of any Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool (for the avoidance 
of doubt, such amounts do not include any collateral that may be transferred under the Hedging 
Contracts), any hedging payment amounts paid by the hedging counterparty under the Hedging Contracts, 
any balances standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, in all cases which 
are received by the Issuer between, and including, the sixth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the sixth Business 
Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, as calculated by the Agent pursuant to the Agency and 
Payment Procedures. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 17 November 2022 prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and 
any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” comprises Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC. 
“CHF”, “Swiss francs” means Swiss francs, the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
“Clearing Systems” means clearing systems through which Interbolsa ensures the clearing according to 
its regulations and procedures, and, each, a “Clearing System”. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, in its capacity as representative 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law (as supplemented 
by Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the 
terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. or any successor common representative 
appointed by a Meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 18 November 2008 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and 
conditions upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common 
Representative. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”. 
 “Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified 
in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), registered with the CMVM with 
registration number 20161485, with its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 
number 1, 3rd, 1069-316, in Lisbon. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 12 December 2018 entered into between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered 
Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, enacted by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
16 September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 513/2011 of the European Parliament and the Council 
and by Regulation (EU) 462/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council. 
“Credit Institutions General Regime” or “RGICSF” means Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended from time to time. 
“CSD” means a central securities depositary. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of 
the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings GmbH is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation. 
“Dealers” means each of BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ 
BANK AG Deutsche Zentral- Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, J.P. Morgan SE, Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Agreement and 
excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to clause 10 of the Programme 
Agreement. 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been 
repaid in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that 
Series has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake 
of clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as 
applicable) is not done by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned 
above. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank.  
“EEA” means the European Economic Area.  
“ESMA” means the European and Securities Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and 
as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 974/98, of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon, the official quotation market 
(“Mercado de Cotações Oficiais”) in Portugal. 
“Eurosystem” means the central banking system for the Euro. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses 
due to the Special Administrator, including any expenses incurred by the Special Administrator in 
connection with any actual or prospective disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to 
cover for the maintenance and operating of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees 
and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, Covered Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed 
and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the agreements entered into in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
“GBP”, “£”or “pounds sterling” means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the 
Cover Pool. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered 
bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series 
of Covered Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, 
following such occurrence, for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default 
of Payment Event. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
“Issuer Event” means an Insolvency Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“Liquidity Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a 5 (five) day prior notice to the Liquidity Facility 
Provider of not having enough available funds to make the payment of the Amounts of Interest due on 
the Covered Bonds in the Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond. 
“Liquidity Facility Provider” means a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the 
criteria of the Rating Agencies (and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by the 
Covered Bonds Law). 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” means Japanese yen, the lawful currency of Japan. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the legal regime of covered bonds, approved by Decree-Law 
31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (as amended from time to time). 
“Loan to Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment) and “Meetings” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service España, 
S.A. is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with such Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of voluntary mortgage over the 
relevant Property the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security for the repayment of that 
Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria 
established in the Covered Bonds Law: 
a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; 
b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all Mortgage Credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate 
insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) 
above. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and 
those payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as 
specified in the Register, including: 
a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the euro); 
b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
«A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to the same legal 
requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all times the Issuer shall 
ensure); and

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as defined 
by the supervisory authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred 
under the Hedge Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties (who benefit of a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) and of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating 
to the Cover Pool) and the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and the Special 
Administrator (who benefit of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating to 
the Cover Pool). 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge 
counterparty under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code (“Código das Sociedades 
Comerciais”) approved by Decree-Law 262/86, dated 2 September 1986, as amended from time to time, 
in particular by Decree-Law 76-A/2006, dated 29 March 2006. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means the “Código dos Valores Mobiliários”, approved by Decree-Law 
486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended from time to time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder 
of Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 conditional pass-through covered bonds programme of the 
Issuer. 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings 
sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum 
rating required by the Covered Bonds Law. The Programme Account, and any balance to the credit 
thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime 
as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 17 November 2022 entered into between the 
Issuer and the Dealers, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement, the Hedging Contracts and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time 
by the Issuer pursuant thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such 
Property in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time 
or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Regulatory Notice 5/2006; 
and 
b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognized indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law and Regulatory Notice 5/2006. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, of 14 
March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation 
(EC) 809/2004, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
regulatory technical standards on key financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the 
publication and classification of prospectuses, advertisements for securities, supplements to a 
prospectus, and the notification portal, and repealing Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 382/2014 
and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Provisions for Meetings of for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds” means the provisions 
contained in Schedule 1 of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement on Meetings of holders 
of Covered Bonds; 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings; 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's and Fitch Ratings. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Regulatory Notices; 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for 
mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of 
mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit 
institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal regulating certain 
aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 
13/2006 and Regulatory Notice 8/2006, as amended from time to time, and any amending, replacing or

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
supplementing secondary legislation passed by the CMVM, in accordance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Requirements of the Cover Pool” means the eligibility criteria and the prudential requirements of the 
assets allocated to the Cover Pool as set out in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, an in any case not lower than the minimum rating required 
by the Covered Bonds Law, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which shall be governed by 
Conditions 5.4 and 6.8 and the Reserve Account Agreement. The Reserve Account, and any balance to the 
credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal 
regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and 
the Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, 
on or about 7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including 
a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company registered 
in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered office at 
Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W319, acting through its 
UK Branch (registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, Fifth Floor, 
London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity 
as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 
2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual position was novated to Elavon 
Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in Ireland, and the definition of Reserve 
Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of 
all or of a given Series, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations 
or securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
rates and/or Issue Prices. 
“Special Administrator” means such entity as appointed by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission 
(Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, “CMVM”), in case of an Insolvency Event, pursuant to the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which shall be 
separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references in this 
Agreement to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds, be references to the 
stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered Bonds are from time to time, or are intended 
to be, listed. 
“Sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“TARGET Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, 
deduction or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable and comparable expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.4. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Transition Period” means the period of time elapsing on 31 December 2020 (unless it is extended) as 
foreseen in the Withdrawal Agreement in relation to the United Kingdom’s departure from the European 
Union entered into by and between the United Kingdom and the European Union on 17 October 2019. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America. 
“UCITS Directive” means Council Directive 2009/65/EC of the European of the European Parliament and 
the Council, of 13 July 2009, relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, 
which revoked as of 1 July 2011 Council Directive 85/611/EEC, of 20 December 1985 (as amended by 
Council Directive 2001/107/EC, of 21 January 2002 and 2001/108/EC of 21 January 2002). 
“Value” means:

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an 
amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with 
any matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan-to-Value calculation, an amount 
equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register; 
b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as entered 
on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem for 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of such 
securities, including matured and accrued interests. 
“Written Resolution” means, in relation to the Covered Bonds, a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all holders of Covered Bonds who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting 
in accordance with the Provisions for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such 
holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa 
económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisboa  
Portugal 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Étas-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex, France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden- Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart  
Germany 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 
Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
S.A. 
Palácio SottoMayor 
 Rua Sousa Martins, 1, 3º, 1069-316 Lisboa 
 Portugal 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5 LB 
United Kingdom 
AGENT and PAYING AGENT 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisboa  
Portugal 
AUDITORS 
To Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1, 3º, 1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Portuguese law 
António Frutuoso de Melo & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP RL 
Avenida da Liberdade 38 – 1.º 
1250-145 Lisboa  
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28  
1200-151 Lisboa  
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2  
Ireland