--- Page 1 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CAIXABANK, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in Spain) 
EURO 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro 30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme described in this Base Prospectus 
(which replaces the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2022, in respect of the Programme)), CaixaBank, S.A. (the 
Issuer, the Bank or CaixaBank) may from time to time issue notes governed by English law (the English Law Notes) 
and notes governed by Spanish law (the Spanish Law Notes and together with the English Law Notes, the Notes), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the English Law 
Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and the terms and 
conditions of the Spanish Law Notes (the Spanish Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and 
Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes".  References to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes and/or the Spanish 
Law Notes, as appropriate, and reference to the "Terms and Conditions", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or the 
"Conditions" shall be to the English Law Conditions and/or the Spanish Law Conditions, as appropriate.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the English Law Conditions, references to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes, and in 
the Spanish Law Conditions, references to the "Notes" shall be to the Spanish Law Notes.  Notes may be denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions.  CaixaBank and its subsidiaries comprise the CaixaBank Group (the CaixaBank Group or the 
Group).  
The Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes", as applicable) of Notes will state whether the Notes of such 
Tranche are to be (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated Notes and, if Senior Notes, whether such notes are (i) Ordinary 
Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are (i) Senior 
Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
Notes will be issued either in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered form (Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate 
original nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 
30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together 
the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see the 
section headed "Risk Factors".  
Potential investors should note the statements on pages 20 – 53 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained 
in respect of Notes and the disclosure requirements imposed by Law 10/2014 (as defined below) on the Issuer.  In

--- Page 2 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
2 
 
 
particular, payments on Notes may be subject to Spanish withholding tax if certain information relating to Notes is not 
received by the Issuer in a timely manner. 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI) in its capacity as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CBI only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II) or that are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market.  References in the Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or, as the case may be, a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  The Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  This document may be used to list Notes 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market pursuant to the Programme. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. If the 
Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange and offered in Taiwan, the Notes shall not be offered, sold or re-
sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than professional institutional investors (Professional Institutional 
Investors) as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act of the Republic of China. 
In such case, purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a 
Professional Institutional Investor. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.   
Notice of the aggregate original nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes", as applicable) of Notes will be set out in a 
final terms document (the form of which is contained herein) (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the CBI and, 
where listed, Euronext Dublin.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state in the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.

--- Page 3 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
3 
 
 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
The Issuer's long term ratings are Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moodyꞌs Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody's), A- (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P Global), BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(Fitch) and A (Stable Trend) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS).  Each of Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS is 
established in the European Union (EU) and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).  As such each of Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of 
Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch or DBRS are established in the United Kingdom, however they are each part of a group in 
respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The Issuer ratings issued by Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance

--- Page 4 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
4 
 
 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, which are administered by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the Central 
European Bank, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Bank of Japan, respectively.  As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in the European Securities and Markets Authoritiesꞌ (ESMA) 
register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation). The European Central Bank, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Bank of 
Japan are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Amounts payable on CMS Linked 
Interest Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purpose of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
5 
 
 
Arranger 
BARCLAYS 
Dealers  
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura  
  Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 April 2023.

--- Page 6 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
6 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any responsibility 
accepted for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus or 
the issue and offering of any Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any third party social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether the Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or 
similar labels. The Dealers or any of their respective affiliates are not responsible for the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds for any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates as to the suitability or reliability of the SDGs Funding Framework (as defined in the section headed 
"Use of Proceeds") or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 
issue of Notes, and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or 
other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
The Issuer's SDGs Funding Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ 
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
7 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 8 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
8 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE MERGER 
On 17 September 2020, the respective Board of Directors of CaixaBank and Bankia, S.A. (Bankia) entered 
into a shared merger project involving the absorption of Bankia by CaixaBank (the Merger).  CaixaBank took 
effective control of Bankia on 23 March 2021, once all conditions precedent to the Merger were met, and the 
date of the Merger for accounting purposes was 31 March 2021. From that date, the results generated by Bankia 
have been included in the various line items of CaixaBank's statement of profit or loss, and Bankia's balance 
sheet has been reflected in CaixaBank's balance sheet. 
The Merger, and particularly the inclusion of Bankia's results into CaixaBank's results from 31 March 2021, 
affects the comparability of CaixaBank's performance in 2021 with prior and later periods. In addition, 
CaixaBank's results for 2021 include an extraordinary income related to the Merger.  
The Merger involved extraordinary expenses of €2,118 million in 2021, comprising the cost associated with 
the restructuring process put in place as a result of the Merger (€1,884 million) and other integration expenses 
(€234 million). In addition, €93 million was charged to provisions to cover asset write-downs, mainly from 
the plan to restructure the commercial network in 2022. The Merger also generated a gain on disposals of 
assets and others of €4,464 million as a result of the following: (i) a gain of €4,300 million due to negative 
consolidation difference; (ii) a gain of €266 million from profits before tax related to the sale of certain line of 
business directly pursued by Bankia; (iii) a loss of €105 million due to asset write-downs; and (iv) other gains 
of €3 million.  
In order to facilitate the discussion and analysis of the evolution of CaixaBank's 2022 results compared 
to 2021, the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022 (as defined below) includes a pro forma statement 
of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2021. This pro forma statement of profit or loss for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 has been prepared by adding the results of Bankia for the first quarter of 2021 (prior 
to the Merger) to CaixaBank's results for the year ended 31 December 2021, without considering any 
extraordinary impacts related to the Merger. Additionally, the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022 
includes certain pro forma figures for the year ended 31 December 2020 for comparative purposes. These 
figures were derived from the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2021 (as defined below), which 
included a pro forma statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 that was prepared by 
adding the results of Bankia for the year ended 31 December 2020 to CaixaBank's results for the same period. 
Whether with respect to 2021 or 2020 figures, the information specifically described as "pro forma" in this 
context is provided for convenience only and does not constitute proforma financial information for the 
purposes of, nor has it been prepared in accordance with, Annex 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation) and has not been reviewed, audited, or verified by any third party.

--- Page 9 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
9 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Spain, France, Belgium, 
Republic of Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Australia and Canada (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 10 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
10 
 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE), AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
SFA) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the SFA)" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
SFA. The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
GUIDANCE UNDER THE HONG KONG MONETARY AUTHORITY CIRCULAR - in October 2018, 
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the HKMA) issued guidance on enhanced investor protection measures 
on the sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related products (the HKMA 
Circular). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss absorption features, being subject to the risk 
of being written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose 
returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments, are to be targeted in Hong Kong at 
professional investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Odinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) (the 
SFO) and its subsidiary legislation, Professional Investors) only and are generally not suitable for retail 
investors in either the primary or secondary markets. Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Notes 
in the primary or secondary markets unless they are Professional Investors only and understand the risks 
involved. The Notes are generally not suitable for retail investors. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars refer to United States dollars; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
 
Yen refer to Japanese yen; and 
 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended. 
The language of the prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
No holding of Zero Coupon Notes by Spanish individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below), to or by individuals (personas 
físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a Spanish Individual) is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of 
Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and 
void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero 
Coupon Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
11 
 
 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
12 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 13 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 20 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 54 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 57 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 61 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ............................................................................................. 84 
Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes .......................................................................................... 166 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 252 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 254 
Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers .................................................. 261 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 271 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 281 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 288

--- Page 13 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
13 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the relevant Terms and Conditions, in which event, and, 
if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Delegated Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes" shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
CaixaBank, S.A.  
LEI Code: 
7CUNS533WID6K7DGFI87 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  These are set 
out under "Risk Factors" below.  In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
 
Natixis 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 14 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
14 
 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Registrar: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) in aggregate 
original nominal amount of all Notes outstanding at any time.  The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed by 
way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of at least one year in the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Subordinated Notes and a minimum maturity of five years in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant competent 
authority or any applicable laws or regulations.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer form (Bearer Notes) or 
registered form (Registered Notes). Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes will on issue initially be represented by either a 
temporary global Note (Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note 
(Permanent Bearer Global Note).  Temporary Bearer Global Notes 
will be exchangeable either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note or (b) for Bearer Notes in definitive form (definitive 
Bearer Notes) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  Permanent 
Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under "Form 
of the Notes".

--- Page 15 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
15 
 
 
Registered Notes will on issue be represented by a global note in 
registered form (Registered Global Notes) and may be held under the 
new safe-keeping structure for registered global securities as 
described under "Form of the Notes".  Registered Global Notes will 
be exchangeable for Registered Notes in definitive form upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under "Form of the 
Notes". 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or, in relation to any Notes, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  Fixed Reset Notes 
may also be issued. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either (i) the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), as published by 
ISDA and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or (ii) the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and 
any successor thereto), (as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined 
by reference to one or more constant maturity swap rates.

--- Page 16 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
16 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and an 
Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in accordance 
with Condition 4.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and without any 
separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will have a 
maturity of more than 12 months) will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their original nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default and, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, following a Capital Event or, in the case 
of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, an 
Eligible Liabilities Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer (including, without limitation, pursuant to 
Condition 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)) 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.   
 
Redemption for taxation reasons or redemption at the option of the 
Issuer in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, or redemption following a Capital Event or an Eligible 
Liabilities Event, will be subject to the prior permission of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and may only 
take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time. In particular, redemption of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may only take 
place after five years from their date of issuance or any different 
minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations 
and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event 
has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms may be 
redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations).  
See Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Substitution and Variation: 
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes under Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2

--- Page 17 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
17 
 
 
Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes) occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Notes, including, in the case of English Law Notes by changing 
the governing law of the Notes from English law to Spanish law, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or 
remain, Qualifying Notes.  See Condition 19 (Substitution and 
Variation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each note will 
be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) in 
the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)), unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions (please 
refer to Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of 
interest and, in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes only (unless 
otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms), principal and/or 
any premium, as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amounts in respect of such interest and, in respect of Ordinary Senior 
Notes only (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms), 
principal and/or any premium, as would have otherwise been 
receivable by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
 
Except for Zero Coupon Notes, the Issuer considers that, according to 
the simplified information procedures set out in Royal Decree 
1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 
July (Royal Decree 1065/2007), the Issuer is not obliged to identify 
Noteholders as described in "Taxation – Simplified information 
procedures". For further information regarding the interpretation of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 please refer to "Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to the Spanish withholding tax regime". 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the information procedures 
described in "Taxation – Zero Coupon Notes" would need to be 
followed and the Issuer may be obliged to identify Holders of such 
Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
18 
 
 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by 
Spanish Individuals is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Zero 
Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such 
transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, 
the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish Individual as an owner of 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes may contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) if 
indicated as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the 
case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully 
described in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes).  
Rating: 
The Issuer's long term ratings are Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's, 
A- (stable outlook) by S&P Global; BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch 
and A (Stable Trend) by DBRS.  
 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin.  No unlisted Notes may be issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 19 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
19 
 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the English Law Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except the 
provisions relating to the status of the Notes, the capacity of the Issuer, 
the relevant corporate resolutions and the provisions relating to the 
exercise and effect of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and the acknowledgement of the same, which 
are governed by Spanish law.  
The Spanish Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Spanish Law Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, Spain, France, Belgium, Republic of 
Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Australia 
and Canada and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
20 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent, subject to resolution or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Notes.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as 
the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes and are classified by categories and listed in order of 
decreasing materiality within each category, taking into account both the probability that they might occur as 
well as the expected magnitude of their negative impact.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  The factors discussed below regarding the risks of 
acquiring or holding any Notes are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently 
known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact 
on the Notes. In particular, there are certain other risks, which are considered to be less important or because 
they are more general risks which have not been included in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Below are the risk factors which, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable legislation, are considered 
specific to CaixaBank and material when adopting an informed investment decision. 
All references made to CaixaBank, the Bank or the Issuer shall be understood to include all those companies 
that form part of the Group. 
As part of the global internal control framework, CaixaBank has a risk management framework that analyses 
the economic relevance of all risk exposure. The risk management framework is based on the following pillars: 
(i) appropriate organisation and governance, (ii) implementation of strategic processes for identifying, 
assessing, defining and monitoring risks and (iii) risks culture. 
One of the results of the aforementioned strategic process is the Group's internal risk taxonomy, known as the 
Corporate Risk Taxonomy (Taxonomy). The Taxonomy consists of a description of the material risks 
identified by the Risk Assessment strategic process, which is reviewed, at least, on an annual basis. The 
materialisation of any of the risks included in the Taxonomy could have a negative impact on the business, 
economic results, financial condition or even the image and reputation of the Group, as well as affect the credit 
rating of the Bank and the price of the securities admitted to trading on the capital markets, which could result 
in partial or total loss of any investment made. The Taxonomy is organised into categories (cross risks, 
financial risks and operational risk).  
In the future, risks which are currently not considered as relevant or unknown to the Bank may have a 
substantially negative impact on the business, economic results, financial condition, image or reputation of the 
Group. 
The materiality of these risks is therefore conditional to the level of exposure and the efficiency of the Bank's 
management and control systems as well as to certain relevant events that may result in a medium-term 
significant impact for the CaixaBank Group which, due to being external to the Group's strategy, may threaten

--- Page 21 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
21 
 
 
its performance. The Risk Assessment process is also the main source of identification of these events 
(Strategic Events).  
Using the abovementioned architecture for identifying and analysing risks and events, the content of this 
section is structured as follows: 
1. 
Risk factors arising from Strategic Events that may impact the future materiality of one or more risks of 
the Taxonomy. 
2. 
Risk factors linked to the main quantitative and qualitative risk indicators of the Taxonomy, ordered by 
materiality within each one of their respective categories. 
3. 
Risk factor of the Issuer's credit rating. 
Risk factors arising from Strategic Events  
The Strategic Events are those events that may potentially result in a medium-term material impact on the 
Group. The inability of anticipating and reacting properly to said events may have a material impact on the 
Group's business, economic results, financial standing, image and reputation. If a Strategic Event occurs, the 
impact may materialise through one or more of the risks of the Taxonomy. 
The most relevant Strategic Events currently identified by the Group are: shocks arising from the geopolitical 
and macroeconomic environment; pandemics and other extreme events; new competitors and application of 
new technologies, cybercrime and data protection; and evolution of the legal, regulatory or supervisory 
framework. 
With regard to the aforementioned Strategic Events, the following stand out: 
Shocks stemming from the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment (including, among others, 
inflation) 
 
Disturbances arising from the deterioration of the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment could have a 
material adverse effect on the business of the Group. A significant and persistent impairment of 
macroeconomic perspectives and the resulting increase of risk aversion in financial markets could negatively 
impact the Bank's activity. This could result from, for example, an escalation of the war in Ukraine, 
prolongation and intensification of inflationary tensions, other global geopolitical shocks, domestic political 
factors (such as territorial tensions, populist governments or social protests), a strong resurgence of the 
pandemic or renewed tensions within the euro area that would increase the risks of fragmentation. The potential 
consequences of this stage include the following: a rise of the country risk premium (cost of financing), 
pressure on costs (due to inflation), reduction in business volumes, deterioration in credit quality, outflows of 
deposits, material damage to offices or impediments to access to corporate centres (due to protests or sabotage 
as a result of social unrest). 
The rise in inflation has triggered a significant monetary policy response, which has resulted in the European 
Central Bank (ECB) raising interest rates. This increase will be passed on to the financial burden borne by 
some households, self-employed workers, small and medium enterprises (SME) and large companies, and 
could lead to difficulties in the repayment of debt, especially by those indebted at variable rates or with lower 
income. In this context, in relation to mortgages, in November 2022, CaixaBank's Board of Directors approved 
its adherence to the Codes of Good Practice, which include measures to support mortgagors in difficulty. 
CaixaBank has signed up to the extension of the current Code of Good Practices and also to the new one, 
which will have a two-year transitional period. CaixaBank is committed to applying this package of measures, 
which aims to anticipate and alleviate the possible difficulties that some households may have in the future in 
paying the mortgage on their primary residence as a result of the rise in interest rates. The NPL ratio could 
eventually be affected in the coming years as a result of a context of raising inflation and interest rates, together 
with the application of the aforementioned Code of Good Practices.

--- Page 22 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
22 
 
 
Continued inflation and related increases in interest rates could also potentially lead to a decrease in the value 
of certain financial assets of the Group, such as fixed-income assets, and may reduce gains or require the Group 
to record losses on sales of its loans or securities. Additionally, a combination of sustained interest rates and 
higher inflation could result in higher funding costs as central banks withdraw liquidity in excess in the banking 
system as they normalize monetary policy. 
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine is causing, among other effects, an increase in the price of certain 
raw materials and the cost of energy, as well as the adoption of sanctions, embargoes and restrictions towards 
Russia that affect the global economy generally and companies with operations with and in Russia specifically. 
The extent to which this conflict will impact in CaixaBank's business will depend on future events which 
cannot be reliably predicted at the date of this Base Prospectus. CaixaBank has no relevant direct exposures to 
companies based in those countries. The risk exposure to customers who are Russian nationals resident in 
Russia, including both on- and off-balance sheet exposures and considering the total loan portfolio was less 
than 0.03% as of 31 December 2022. 
CaixaBank is particularly exposed to fluctuations in the macroeconomic situation in the Spanish, Portuguese 
and other European Union (EU) markets. Of the total exposure in the credit risk portfolio, as of 31 December 
2022, 76% was related to Spain, 6% was related to Portugal, 11% was related to the rest of Europe and 7% 
was related to the rest of the world. CaixaBank is therefore mainly affected by Spanish, Portuguese and EU 
events, measures and regulations. 
Given the current macroeconomic updates and uncertainties, the Group maintains a Post Model Adjustment 
(PMA) in the provisioning funds, with a collective provisioning fund of €1,137 million at 31 December 2022. 
This PMA fund includes the update to the central macroeconomic scenario and the foreseeable effects of 
inflation and interest rates on the portfolio's credit quality, given that the movements in these macroeconomic 
figures have not led to increases in non-performing loans in recent years, and allows to absorb uncertainties in 
the estimation of these future macroeconomic prospects. This PMA fund is temporary in nature, is covered by 
the guidelines issued by supervisors and regulators and is backed by duly documented processes subject to 
strict governance. This collective fund will be reviewed in the future in light of new information and reduced 
macroeconomic uncertainties. 
During March 2023, there were episodes of instability in international markets as concerns had arisen with 
respect to the financial condition of a number of banking organisations in the United States and Europe, in 
particular those with exposure to certain types of depositors and large portfolios of investment securities. On 10 
March 2023, the U.S. authorities intervened in Silicon Valley Bank, and on 11 March 2023 Signature Bank, 
following a significant outflow of deposits. The CaixaBank Group has no exposure, whether direct or indirect, 
to these U.S. banks. In Europe, UBS announced on 20 March 2023 the acquisition of Credit Suisse with the 
support of the Swiss regulatory authorities, following a crisis of confidence. Government support for this 
acquisition has triggered a complete write-down of the nominal amount of Credit Suisse’s bonds issued as 
eligible Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital. The CaixaBank Group has no exposure to Credit Suisse’s instruments 
eligible as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) or AT1 capital, nor does it have any direct or indirect material 
exposure to Credit Suisse and its subsidiaries. However, the market turmoil generated by these situations and 
the solutions adopted by the authorities could have an impact on other financial institutions and the perception 
of the stability of other financial institutions, and could negatively affect the issuance and placement of AT1 
capital instruments by European financial institutions. 
Pandemics and other extreme events 
It is not known what the exact impact of extreme events, such as future pandemics or environmental events, 
will be for each of the risks of the Taxonomy, which will depend on uncertain future events and developments, 
including actions to contain or treat the event and curb its impact on the economies of affected countries. 
Taking COVID-19 pandemic as a reference, there may be high volatility in the financial markets, with 
significant crashes. Furthermore, macroeconomic perspectives may get significantly worse and with notable 
volatility in the prospective scenarios.

--- Page 23 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
23 
 
 
In the specific context of COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has responded to the financing needs of the public 
sector, arising from an exceptional context, while continuing to monitor the Group's level of exposure and risk 
appetite in this segment.  
In relation to the private sector in Spain, CaixaBank supplemented the legislative moratoriums with other 
agreements, mainly of a sectoral nature. These moratoriums expired in full in March 2022. 
Also noteworthy is the effort made to ensure the deployment of Official Credit Institute (ICO) guarantee lines, 
which CaixaBank is extending through working capital lines and special financing lines, among others.  
At 31 December 2022, the amount of loans and advances with ICO COVID-19 guarantees drawn by clients 
was €16,809 million. Of the total amount of loans granted with ICO COVID-19 guarantees, 34% had already 
been repaid (i.e. either the transaction had been cancelled or the initial amount granted had been reduced after 
the start of the corresponding repayment period); of the remaining amount, 98% are already paying principal 
and interest as of 31 December 2022. 
Risk factors linked to the main quantitative and qualitative risk indicators of the Taxonomy 
Cross risks 
This category includes: (i) business risk, (ii) solvency risk and (iii) reputational risk. 
Business profitability, growth prospects and other targets may be adversely affected by factors beyond the 
Group's control (Business risk) 
Business profitability risk is the risk of obtaining results below market expectations or Group targets that, 
ultimately, prevent the Group from reaching a level of sustainable returns that exceeds the cost of equity.  
The profitability targets, based on a financial planning and monitoring process, are defined in the Group's 
strategic plan, for a three-year term, and are specified annually in the Group's budget and in the challenges for 
the commercial network. 
The operations that generate this profitability are also carried out through the Group's subsidiaries. 
Consequently, the ability to pay dividends, insofar it is decided to do so, depends partly on the ability of the 
subsidiaries to generate profits and pay dividends. The payment of dividends, distributions and advances by 
the subsidiaries will depend on their earnings and commercial considerations and may be limited by legal, 
regulatory and contractual restrictions. As at 31 December 2022, average yield profitability measured as the 
return on tangible equity (ROTE) reached 9.8%, excluding extraordinary impacts linked to the Merger (7.6% 
as at 31 December 2021). 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Group's main regulatory challenges 
(Solvency risk) 
Defined terms relating to own funds and capital requirements in this section shall have, unless expressly 
defined herein, the meaning ascribed to them in section "Capital and eligible liabilities requirements and loss 
absorbing powers". 
Eligible own funds and capital adequacy risk is defined as the potential impairment of the Group's ability to 
bring its own funds and equity in line with regulatory requirements or with possible changes in its risk profile. 
The management of the Bank's capital is mainly shaped by the prevailing legislative framework, the evolution 
of which is uncertain and may affect the capacity for effective management and the generation of resources 
for CaixaBank. See section "Capital and eligible liabilities requirements and loss absorbing powers" for 
further information.  
On 14 December 2022, CaixaBank received the final update of the result of the supervisory review and 
evaluation process (SREP), setting the P2R at 1.65%.

--- Page 24 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
24 
 
 
Additionally, according to the Bank of Spain's communication in July 2022, the O-SII buffer requirement has 
increased from 0.375% in 2022 up to 0.50%1 beginning on 1 January 2023. This increase is due to the phase 
in granted in 2021 by the Bank of Spain after the merger process with Bankia. 
As a result, the CET1 requirement for 2023 is set at 8.46% (8.34% in 2022) of the total amount of risk weighted 
assets, which include: the Pillar 1 regulatory minimum (4.5% on RWAs); the ECB's P2R requirement2 (0.93% 
on RWAs); the capital conservation buffer (2.5% on RWAs); the O-SII buffer3 (0.50% on RWAs compared to 
0.375% in 2022); and the countercyclical buffer4 (0.03% of RWA based on the geographical composition of 
the portfolio as of 31 December 2022 (updated quarterly)). In addition, based on the requirements of Pillar 1 
applicable to Tier 1 (6%) and Total Capital (8%) and the P2R (1.65%), the requirements for 2023 stand at 
10.27% (10.15% in 2022) and 12.68% (12.56% in 2022), respectively. On the other hand, CaixaBank shall 
meet the minimum requirements of 3.00% of the LR (3.00% minimum Pillar 1 requirement and 0% P2R-LR 
add-on).  
The regulatory CET1 level under which the Group would be required to limit distributions in the form of 
dividend payments, variable remuneration and interest to holders of AT1 instruments (commonly referred to 
as the activation level of the maximum distributable amount trigger (MDA trigger)) is set at 8.46% for 2023, 
to which potential AT1 or Tier 2 capital shortfall is to be added. As of 31 December 2022, there is no such 
shortfall. 
At 31 December 2022, CaixaBank reached a CET1 of 12.8% of RWAs5, which totalled €215,103 million. The 
internal objective of the solvency rate CET1 approved by the Board of Directors is set between 11% and 12% 
(excluding IFRS 9) and a margin of between 250 and 350 basis points in relation to the SREP requirements. 
The Tier 1 ratio was 14.8%, covering the entire Tier 1 bucket, both in terms of Pillar 1 requirements (1.5%) 
and the corresponding part of the P2R requirements (0.31%). The Total Capital ratio stood at 17.3%. 
The leverage ratio stood at 5.6% of the regulatory exposure at 31 December 2022. 
On 16 March 2023, the Bank of Spain formally notified the minimum requirements of own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL requirements) as determined by the SRB, based on the information as of 31 December 2021. 
As set out in said notification, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024, with a 
minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 21.21% of RWAs, which would be equal to 24.24% 
when including the combined buffer requirement (CBR) expected on that date6. As for the intermediate 
requirement, the SRB decided that, since 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a Total MREL 
requirement of 19.33% of RWAs, which would be equal to 22.36% when including the current CBR.  
With regard to the requirement for a minimum amount of own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities (the 
Subordinated MREL Requirement), the SRB decided that CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must comply 
by 1 January 2024 with a Subordinated MREL Requirement of 15.37% of RWAs, which would be equal 
to 18.40% when including the CBR expected on that date. As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB 
decided that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a Subordinated MREL Requirement of 13.50% 
of RWAs, which would be equal to 16.53% when including the current CBR. 
Furthermore, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with a Total and 
Subordinated MREL Requirement of 6.19% of LRE. As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB has decided 
                                                     
1  
Capital buffer of Other Systemically Important Institution (O-SII). 
2  
The P2R does not apply at an individual level. 
3  
It does not apply at an individual level. 
4  
Applicable at both individual and consolidated level. It is possible to defer between the individual and the consolidated scope. 
As of 31 December 2022, it coincides in both perimeters. 
5  
At an individual level, CaixaBank's CET1 ratio reached 12.9% as of 31 December 2022. This is in comparison with a 
minimum requirement of CET1 for 2023 of 7.03% (including 0.03% of countercyclical buffer to be updated quarterly). Thus, 
capital requirements are more restrictive at a consolidated level than at an individual level. 
6  
Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR) applied 3.03% as of January 2023.

--- Page 25 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
25 
 
 
that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a Total and Subordinated MREL Requirement of 6.09% 
of LRE. 
As of 31 December 2022, at the consolidated level, CaixaBank reached an MREL ratio of 25.9% of RWAs 
and 9.9% in terms of LRE. At the subordinated level, including only Senior non-preferred debt, the MREL 
ratio of subordinated instruments reached 22.5% of RWAs and 8.6% in terms of LRE. All CaixaBank's MREL 
ratios are comfortably above the applicable regulatory requirements applicable in 2024. 
The Group faces the risk of reputational damage, which could lead to loss of trust of some of its stakeholders 
and could, as a result, materially adversely affect the results of its operations, financial condition or 
prospects (reputational risk) 
Reputational risk is the potential economic loss or lower revenues for the Group, as a result of events that 
negatively affect the perception that stakeholders have of the CaixaBank Group and the possibility that the 
Group's competitive edge could be blunted by loss of trust of some of its stakeholders, based on their 
assessment of actions or omissions, whether real or purported, of the Group, its senior management or 
governing bodies, or because of related unconsolidated financial institutions going bankrupt (step-in risk). By 
way of example, this includes the risk of disinformation or fake news, whereby false news is published on the 
situation or performance. It also includes potential reputational or economic loss resulting from not entirely 
transparent tax structures, the perception of non-contribution of taxes or the presence of the Group in tax 
heavens or low tax jurisdictions (either on its own or due to its customers). 
In addition, certain legal proceedings may harm the Group's reputation, such as the claim brought against 
CaixaBank for an alleged breach of anti-money laundering regulations (see Note 23.3 (Provisions for pending 
legal issues and tax disputes) of 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements). 
This risk is monitored using internal and external selected reputational indicators from various sources of 
stakeholder expectations and perception analysis. 
Throughout 2020, 2021 and 2022, the measures related to the management of Environmental, Social & 
Governance (ESG) risks, defined as the risk of a possible reputational or economic loss resulting from failure 
to integrate ESG aspects in the strategy, in the Group's own performance, in the business (financing, investment 
and products) and in the support programmes for customers in difficulties or that activate the economy, 
especially in times of crisis (mortgage debtors, socially excluded groups, entrepreneurs, etc.) have increased.  
Although the Group actively manages reputational risk through its policies and reputational risk management 
committees, implementing internal training in order to mitigate the appearance of the impact of reputational 
risks, establishing protocols to deal with those affected by the Group's actions, or defining contingency and/or 
crisis plans that will be activated should certain risks arise, in the case of reputational risks arising, this could 
have an adverse material effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of the Group's 
operations. 
Financial risks 
In this category, CaixaBank identifies, in order of materiality, (i) credit risk, (ii) actuarial risk, (iii) structural 
rate risk, (iv) liquidity and funding risk and (v) market risk. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses. (Credit risk) 
The Group considers credit risk as the risk of a decrease in the value of its assets due to uncertainty about a 
customer's ability to meet its obligations to the Group. It includes the risk due to operations in the financial 
markets (counterparty risk). In addition, it includes the risk of a reduction in the value of the Group's equity 
holdings and non-financial assets (mainly tangible assets such as real estate, intangible assets and tax assets) 
and climate risk. The latter is defined as the deterioration in the repayment capacity of the Group's debtors as 
a consequence of the real or expected materialisation of physical risks of gradual or abrupt climatic events (on

--- Page 26 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
26 
 
 
its assets, supply chains, etc.) or of the losses that could generate the transition risks to a low carbon economy 
(regulatory changes, technological changes, new customer preferences, etc.). 
Credit risk is the most significant risk on the Group's balance sheet as it is exposed to the credit solvency of 
its customers and counterparties, therefore it may experience losses in the event of total or partial non-
compliance of their obligations as a result of decreases in the credit worthiness and the recoverability of the 
assets, which could have a negative impact on the results of transactions.  
Loans and advances to customers, gross, stood at €361,323 million as of 31 December 2022, 2.4% increase 
compared to 31 December 2021. Loans and advances to customers, gross, stood at €352,951 million on 31 
December 2021. 
The Group's non-performing loans as at 31 December 2022 amounted to €10,690 million (€13,634 million 
on 31 December 2021), resulting in an NPL ratio of 2.7% at 31 December 2022 (3.0% in loans to 
individuals, 2.9% in loans to business and 0.1% in the public sector). As at 31 December 2021, the NPL ratio 
stood at 3.6% (4.2% in loans to individuals, 3.5% in loans to business and 0.3% public sector). 
Provisions for insolvency risk at 31 December 2022 stood at €7,867 million. As at 31 December 2021, they 
stood at €8,625 million. The NPL coverage ratio that represents this volume of funds is 74% versus 63% as 
at 31 December 2021. 
The total of refinanced transactions at 31 December 2022 amounted to €10,848 million (of which €5,409 
million are classified as non-performing), with expected credit losses totalling €2,566 million. As at 31 
December 2021 the total refinanced transactions amounted to €12,661 million (of which €7,216 million are 
classified as non-performing), with associated expected credit losses of €2,702 million. 
The balance of gross non-performing assets, which encompass non-performing loans and foreclosed assets 
held for sale and rent amounted to €15,534 million at 31 December 2022, versus €19,384 million at 31 
December 2021.  
With regards to the sovereign risk, the total exposure in Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt securities and 
loans totalled €80,791 million at 31 December 2022 (of which €17,502 million related to the exposure to 
Sociedad de Gestión de Activos Procedentes de la Reestructuración Bancaria, S.A. (SAREB)) and €78,523 
million at 31 December 2021 (of which €19,160 million related to the exposure to SAREB). The exposure to 
Italian investment securities stood at €3,854 million at 31 December 2022 (€3,183 million on 31 
December 2021). 
Lending to individuals makes up 50.58% of the composition of gross consumer lending at 31 December 2022, 
followed by financing for manufacturing sectors at 43.67% and the public sector at 5.74% (52.34%, 41.77% 
and 5.89% at 31 December 2021, respectively).  
At 31 December 2022, lending granted to individuals totalled €182,783 million, of which 76.07% was 
concentrated in home purchases (€184,752 million at 31 December 2021, of which 75.66% was concentrated 
on home purchases). 
The risk relating to the equity portfolio or the banking book is the risk associated with the possibility of 
incurring losses due to fluctuations in market prices, disagreements with other shareholders or defaults on the 
positions making up the equity portfolio with a medium to long time horizon (e.g. the stakes in Grupo 
Telefónica, S.A. and Banco de Fomento de Angola). The Group faces risks derived from both its acquisitions 
and disinvestments as well as the inherent risks to which the investees are exposed, for example, in their 
management, business sector, geography and regulatory framework, etc. The exposure and capital 
requirements of the equity portfolio totalled €6,452 million and €1,598 million respectively as of 31 
December 2022 (€7,558 million and €1,818 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2021). This 
represents 1.2% of the total credit risk exposure and 10.2% of total credit capital requirements as of 31 
December 2022 (1.2% and 11.6%, respectively, on 31 December 2021). The exposure and regulatory capital 
requirements associated with the equity portfolio include those that correspond to the shareholdings in the

--- Page 27 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
27 
 
 
subsidiary VidaCaixa, S.A.U. de Seguros y Reaseguros (VidaCaixa), given that the insurance business is 
consolidated by the equity method in the prudential balance sheet according to capital regulation. 
Actuarial Risk or Risk relating to the Insurance Business 
Actuarial risk, in line with the Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency II) 
(recast) (Solvency II Directive), is defined as the risk of loss or adverse modification of the value of 
commitments taken on via insurance contracts or pensions with customers or employees, derived from the 
divergence between the estimate for actuarial variables employed in pricing and reserves and their real 
evolution. 
The CaixaBank insurance group, headed by VidaCaixa (the VidaCaixa Group), is integrated for the 
regulatory capital requirements purposes of the Group under the optics of prudential banking supervision 
within credit risk as an investee portfolio. Likewise, the insurance business is also subject to sectorial 
supervision by the Spanish Directorate General of Insurance and Pension Funds (DGSFP). As of 31 December 
2022, VidaCaixa Group had a Solvency Capital Requirement coverage ratio of 150%, 26% lower when 
compared to the end of the previous financial year. After the Merger, BankiaVida, Sociedad Anonima de 
Seguros y Reaseguros, the insurance subsidiary of Bankia, was integrated into the Group and afterwards 
merged with VidaCaixa.  
Actuarial risk is managed on the basis of compliance with regulations established by Solvency II Directive 
(European Union - EIOPA) and the DGSFP. These regulations are the basis for the policies and monitoring 
procedures of technical trends in products, which are affected by the following risk factors: mortality, 
longevity, disability, expense and lapse risk in underwriting life contracts and lapse, expense and claims ratio 
in the lines of business for non-life and health insurance obligations. 
Thus, for each line of business/insurance, policies of both underwriting and reinsurance identify different risk 
parameters for approval, management, measurement, rate-setting and, lastly, to calculate and set the liabilities 
covering the underwritten contracts. Additionally, general operating procedures are set to control the 
underwriting process. Of the total profit of €3,145 million attributable to the Group in 2022, €870 million 
(or 27.66% thereof) came from the insurance business. 
Structural rates risk 
Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the Group's business (structural interest rate risk) 
Interest rate risk is defined as the negative impact on the economic value of balance sheet items or on financial 
income due to changes in the temporary structure of interest rates and their impact on asset and liability 
instruments and those off the Group's balance sheet not recognised in the trading book.  
The possible sources of structural interest rate risk are as follows: Gap risk8, basis risk9 and optionality risk10. 
The assets and liabilities subject to interest rate risk in the balance sheet are all those positions that are sensitive 
to balance sheet interest rates excluding the calculation of positions in the trading book. 
                                                     
8  
Potential negative impact associated with the different temporary structure or revision frequency of interest rate sensitive 
instruments together with the parallel shifts of the interest rate curve (parallel risk) or shifts on the yield curve by tranches 
(nonparallel risk). 
9  
This arises from the imperfect correlation between the trend of the underlying interest rates with the different masses of 
assets and liabilities that make up the balance, even when they have similar re-pricing and maturity characteristics. Basis risk 
can be broken down into Structural (between market rates and administered rates) and Non-Structural (as a result of the 
divergent shifts between the different market benchmark indexes). 
10  
This derives from the existence of the contractual rights of both customers and CaixaBank to modify the original cash flows 
from certain asset, liability or off balance sheet transactions, which may be initiated by a customer (their execution also 
depends on the interest rate levels, other factors could be the level of debt or the offer made by the competition) or activated 
automatically (changes in payment conditions for an operation due to certain events affecting interest rates).

--- Page 28 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
28 
 
 
There are no regulatory capital requirements for this risk. However, at 31 December 2022, the sensitivity of 
the net interest income and economic value of the assets and liabilities sensitive to a sudden scenario of rising 
and falling interest rates of 100 basis points is +12.78%/-4.28% and +4.44%/-10.58%.  
Changes in exchange rates may negatively affect the Group's business (Structural exchange rate risk) 
Structural exchange rate risk is defined as the potential loss in the market value of the balance sheet in response 
to adverse movements in exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency assets and liabilities in its balance 
sheet as a result of its commercial activity and shareholdings, in addition to the foreign currency assets and 
liabilities deriving from the Bank's measures to mitigate exchange rate risk.  
The equivalent euro value of all foreign currency assets and liabilities in the CaixaBank Group's balance sheet 
at 31 December 2022 is €24,262 million and €15,884 million, respectively, compared to €25,279 million 
and €15,692 million in 2021, respectively. For further information on foreign currency positions of the Group, 
as well as the main balance sheet items by currency, see Note 3.4.3 (Risks in the banking book) of the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group has a continuous need for liquidity to fund its business activities.  The Group may suffer during 
periods of market-wide or firm-specific liquidity constraints, and liquidity may not be available to the Group 
(liquidity and funding risk) 
Liquidity and funding risk refers to the deficit of liquid assets, or limitation in the capacity of access to market 
financing, to meet deposit withdrawals, contractual maturities of liabilities, regulatory requirements or the 
investment needs of CaixaBank. CaixaBank manages this risk with the dual objective of maintaining a liquidity 
position that makes it possible to comfortably meet payment commitments and that does not harm its 
investment activity due to a lack of loanable funds, remaining within the Group's Risk Appetite Framework at 
all times. 
While CaixaBank has in place a liquidity-risk-management policy seeking to manage, mitigate and control 
these risks, unforeseen systemic market factors make it difficult to completely eliminate them. Constraints in 
the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, could materially and adversely affect the cost of 
funding of its business, and extreme liquidity constraints may affect the Bank's current operations and ability 
to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as limit growth possibilities. Additionally, the Bank's 
activities could be adversely affected by liquidity tensions arising from generalised drawdowns of committed 
credit lines to its customers. 
The main indicators used by the Group to assess its liquidity profile are (i) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR), a short-term liquidity standard that measures the protection that a bank has against sudden net cash 
outflows, and (ii) the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), a regulatory ratio which measures the structural 
liquidity position of the Group. Both metrics are required to be above 100% at all times. 
The LCR ratio is designed to ensure that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net 
cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. CaixaBank’s average (last 12 months) LCR as of 31 
December 2022 was 194% (336% as of 31 December 2021). 
The NSFR measures the relationship between the amount of stable funding available (defined as the amount 
of own and third-party funding expected to be reliable for a one-year period) and the amount of stable funding 
required (given the liquidity characteristics and residual maturities of its assets and balance sheet exposures) 
was 142% as of 31 December 2022 (154% as of 31 December 2021), with a regulatory minimum level of 
100% from June 2021. 
CaixaBank relies primarily on retail household deposits as a source of funding. As of 31 December 2022, the 
balance of customer deposits represented 81% of the Group's total financial liabilities at amortised cost.

--- Page 29 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
29 
 
 
Since CaixaBank primarily relies on retail deposits, there is a risk that ongoing availability of this type of 
funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond its control, such as general economic conditions and the 
confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial services industry, and the availability and 
extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits between banks or with other products, such 
as mutual funds. Any of these factors could significantly increase the amount of retail deposit withdrawals in 
a short period of time, thereby reducing the ability of the Group to access retail deposit funding on appropriate 
terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Likewise, changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group's short and 
long-term wholesale financing. Credit spreads variations are market-driven and may be influenced by market 
perceptions of CaixaBank's creditworthiness. Changes to interest rates and to credit spreads occur continuously 
and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. As of 31 December 2022, debt securities issued by the Group 
represented 11% of the total financial liabilities at amortised cost. 
In response to the 2008 financial market crisis, followed by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the 
banking sector, the ECB has implemented important monetary policy measures, such as the Targeted Longer-
Term Refinancing Operations first introduced in 2014. In March 2019 the ECB announced a new series of 
quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO III) that were launched between September 
2019 and March 2021, each with a maturity of two years, subsequently extended for an additional year. As of 
31 December 2022, TLTRO III financing amounted to €15,620 million. As a result of the monetary policy 
decisions taken by the Governing Council of the ECB on 27 October 2022, in which the terms and conditions 
of the third round of TLTRO III were changed, neutralising part of the economic benefits of maintaining 
TLTROs to their final maturity, the Group partially early repaid €48.097 million in December 2022. During 
2022, CaixaBank made a TLTRO III repayment of €65,132 million of which €13,495 million was ordinary 
repayment and €51,637 million was early repayment. The early repayment does not substantially modify the 
liquidity profile of the Group compared to maintaining the initial aggregate amount until the original maturity 
(which was only six months later). 
The LCR and NSFR position as of December 2022 assuming full repayment of the remaining TLTRO III funds 
of €15,620 million would amount to 162% and 140% respectively.  
The Group has access to financing from the ECB and any changes to the policies and requirements for 
accessing funding from the ECB, including as part of the liquidity support via TLTRO programs, including 
any changes to the criteria for identifying the asset types eligible as collateral and/or their valuations, could 
affect its operations. It is not possible to predict the duration and extent of such liquidity support in the future 
including its full withdrawal. If such support were to be withdrawn or reduced, the Group would need to seek 
alternative sources of funding, which we may not succeed in doing, whether on equally favourable terms, or 
at all. 
During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Loan-to-Deposits ratio of the Group averaged 91%. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group's Total Liquid Assets (calculated as the sum of High Quality Liquidity 
Asset (HQLAs) plus the undrawn committed facilities granted by the ECB non-eligible as HQLA) stood 
at €139,010 million, €95,063 million of which were HQLA. The corresponding figures as of 31 December 
2021 were €168,349 million and €167,290 million, respectively. 
The Group also maintains issuance programmes to facilitate the issuance of short-term and medium-term 
securities to the market, as well as access to interbank and repo funding as well as to central counterparty 
clearing houses. 
CaixaBank cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking system, 
it will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the term of 
funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Group could be materially 
adversely affected.

--- Page 30 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
30 
 
 
Market risks associated with fluctuations in bond and equity prices and other market factors are inherent 
in the Group's business. Protracted market declines can reduce liquidity in the markets, making it harder 
to sell assets and leading to material losses (market risk) 
This risk refers to the loss of value, impacting on performance or solvency, of a portfolio (set of assets and 
liabilities), due to unfavourable movements in prices or market rates, mainly due to fluctuations in interest 
rates, exchange rates, credit spread, external factors or prices on the markets where said assets/liabilities are 
traded.  
In relation to the quantification of market risk, in order to standardise the risk measurement across the entire 
portfolio, as well as to include certain assumptions regarding the extent of changes in market risk factors, the 
Value at Risk methodology (VaR) is used (VaR: statistical estimate of potential losses from historical data on 
price fluctuations) with a one-day time horizon and a statistical confidence interval of 99% (i.e. under normal 
market conditions 99 times out of 100 the actual daily losses will be less than the losses estimated using the 
VaR model). 
The consumption of the average 1-day VaR at 99% attributable to the various risk factors stood at €1.8 million 
in 2022 (€2 million in 2021). They are concentrated in corporate debt spread risk, risk in the interest rate curve, 
which includes the credit spread on sovereign debt and share price volatility risk. 
Furthermore, market volatility can have an impact on the income statement (heading "Gains or losses from 
assets and liabilities held for trading, net") due to changes in the CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustments), or 
DVA (Debit Valuation Adjustments) and FVA (Funding Valuation Adjustments). CVA and DVA are added 
to the valuation of OTC derivatives (for both hedges and held for trading) due to the risk associated to the 
counterparty's and own credit risk exposure, respectively. FVA is a valuation adjustment of derivatives of 
customer transactions that are not perfectly collateralised that includes the funding costs related to the liquidity 
necessary to perform the transaction. 
Operational risk 
This last risk category includes operational risk. At an internal level, the categories of the Taxonomy identified 
as operational risk are, according to materiality: (i) conduct and compliance risk, (ii) legal and regulatory risk, 
(iii) technology risk, (iv) model risk and (v) other operational risks. 
The Group is exposed to conduct and compliance risk 
This is defined as the Group's risk arising from the application of conduct criteria that run contrary to the 
interests of its customers and stakeholders or acts or omissions by the Group that are not compliant with the 
legal or regulatory framework, or internal policies, rules or procedures or the code of conduct, ethical standards 
or good practices. CaixaBank monitors this activity to ensure that the Group offers positive results for its 
customers and the markets in which the Group operates. 
This is particularly relevant within the context of laws and regulations that are increasingly more complex and 
detailed, where their implementation requires a substantial and sophisticated improvement in technological 
and human resources, particularly those associated with anti-money laundering (AML) or data protection, 
against the financing of terrorism, against bribes and corruption and sanctions, where such acts or omissions 
or inappropriate judgements in the execution of commercial activities could result in severe consequences, 
including complaints, sanctions, fines and an adverse effect on reputation. CaixaBank is currently the subject 
to a claim for an alleged breach of AML regulations (see Note 23.3 (Provisions for pending legal issues and 
tax litigation) of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements). 
Financial crime has become the subject of enhanced scrutiny and supervision by regulators globally. AML, 
anti-bribery and corruption and international financial sanctions laws and regulations are continually evolving 
and subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight and focus, and the Group must comply with 
applicable regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates.

--- Page 31 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
31 
 
 
The aforementioned laws and regulations require, among other things, to conduct full customer due diligence 
(including sanctions and politically-exposed-person screening), to keep the Group's customers, documentation 
and information up to date and to implement policies and procedures against financial crime. The Group is 
also required to conduct AML training for its employees and to report suspicious transactions and activity to 
appropriate law enforcement following full investigation by its AML team. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims 
The Group is currently and, in the future, may be involved in various claims, disputes, legal proceedings and 
governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. See Note 23.3 (Provisions for pending legal 
issues and tax litigation) and Note 23.5 (Other Provisions) of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group is party to certain legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of its business, including 
claims in connection with lending activities, relationships with employees and other commercial or tax matters. 
The outcome of court proceedings is uncertain. The Group has recognised provisions covering obligations that 
may arise from various ongoing legal proceedings, totalling €654 million as at 31 December 2022 (€774 
million on 31 December 2021). Similarly, CaixaBank has recognised provisions under "Other Provisions" that 
totalled €552 million as at 31 December 2022 (€649 million on 31 December 2021) in order to cover other 
risks. 
Given the nature of these obligations, the expected timing of outflows of funds embodying economic benefits, 
should they arise, is uncertain. However, in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal 
matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present 
novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the early stages of investigation, the provisions 
made by the Group or the estimate for maximum risk could prove to be inadequate, and may have to be 
increased to cover the impact of the different proceedings or to cover additional liabilities, which could lead 
to higher costs for the Group. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results and financial 
condition. 
The Group is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental oversight. Adverse 
regulatory developments or changes in government policy could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition (regulatory risk) 
The financial services sector is among the most regulated sectors in the world. In response to the global 
financial crisis and the European sovereign debt crisis, governments, regulatory authorities and others have 
made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework for the financial services industry 
to enhance its capacity to respond against future crises. The Group's operations are subject to continuous 
regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes to the laws, regulations, policies 
and interpretations, in Spain, the EU and other markets in which it operates. This is particularly the case of the 
current market environment, where greater levels of governmental and regulatory intervention can be observed 
in the banking sector, which is expected to continue in the foreseeable future. This creates significant 
uncertainty for CaixaBank and the finance industry in general. 
The regulations which most significantly affect the Group are those related to prudential supervision, bank 
recovery and resolution and capital and liquidity requirements which have become increasingly stringent (see 
"Cross Risks - Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Group's main regulatory 
challenges (Solvency risk)" and "Financial Risks - The Group has a continuous need for liquidity to fund its 
business activities. The Group may suffer during periods of market-wide or firm-specific liquidity constraints, 
and liquidity may not be available to the Group (liquidity and funding risk)"). 
Regulation has also considerably increased in customer and investor protection, digital and technological 
matters, taxation and anti-money laundering, among others.

--- Page 32 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
32 
 
 
Another example of the increased legal, regulatory or supervisory pressure is the promotion of the gradual 
abandonment of Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs) as benchmark indices and their replacement with new risk-
free indices, leading to the disappearance of the LIBOR GBP and its replacement with the SONIA. However, 
the aforementioned does not affect the EURIBOR, as this index, following a reform of its methodology, has 
received the backing of supervisors and regulators and fully complies with the index regulation.  
The specific effects of a series of new laws, regulations and regulatory initiatives continue to create uncertainty 
because the drafting and implementation of these regulations (or the implementation of the corresponding 
regulatory initiatives) are still in progress and some of them have only just been adopted. As a result, the Group 
may be subject to greater liability or regulatory sanctions and it may be required to dedicate additional spending 
and resources to tackle the potential liability, and this may lead to additional changes in the near future and 
may also require the payment of levies, taxes, charges and comply with other additional regulatory 
requirements. 
On 29 December 2022, Law 38/2022, of 27 December, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy 
and credit institutions and the creation of the temporary solidarity tax for high-net-worth individuals 
(Ley 38/2022, de 27 de diciembre, para el establecimiento de gravámenes temporales energético y de 
entidades de crédito y establecimientos financieros de crédito y por la que se crea el impuesto temporal de 
solidaridad de las grandes fortunas, y se modifican determinadas normas tributarias) (Law 38/2022) entered 
into force. This law creates a temporary levy for credit institutions operating in Spain with a total interest and 
commission income in the year ended 31 December 2019 equal to or greater than €800 million (on an 
individual or a consolidated basis). This bank levy will apply during the years 2023 and 2024 and taxes, at a 
rate of 4.8%, the sum of the net interest income and commission income and expenses derived from the activity 
carried out in Spain. Amounts payable for the proposed levy will not be tax deductible in the taxable base for 
the purposes of the Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades). Moreover, the law expressly prohibits 
the direct or indirect pass-through of payments of the levy and failure to comply with this obligation would 
result in sanctions to the corresponding credit institution in the amount of 150% of the amount passed through. 
In accordance with Law 38/2022, CaixaBank and certain CaixaBank Group entities are subject to the above-
described levy, which will accrue on 1 January 2023 for the financial year 2023 (and on 1 January 2024 for 
the corresponding year) under the heading "Other operating expenses" in the income statement. The Group is 
working towards estimating the impact of this 4.8% levy on net interest income and net fee and commission 
income on the statement of profit or loss for 2023; although in the absence of a final calculation, it is estimated 
that the impact would be around €400 million. 
Implementation of the relevant procedures, monitoring and other technical and human requirements in relation 
to recent laws and regulations had and could further have an impact on CaixaBank's business by increasing its 
operational and compliance costs and, if not implemented correctly or in case of breaches in the relevant 
procedures, could lead to legal and regulatory claims (see "The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and 
regulatory claims"). 
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Group's 
business resulting from such legislation, as well as any deficiencies in the Group's compliance with such 
legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Group to pursue 
business opportunities in which the Group might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products 
and services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Group to increase its prices and therefore reduce 
demand for its products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Group or otherwise adversely 
affect its businesses. 
IT risk 
Also within the framework of regulatory operational risk, technology risk in the Taxonomy is defined as the 
risk of losses due to the inadequacy or failures of the hardware or software of technological infrastructure, due 
to cyberattacks or other circumstances that may compromise the availability, integrity, accessibility and 
security of infrastructure and data. The risk is broken down into five subcategories that affect Information and

--- Page 33 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
33 
 
 
Communications Technology (ICT): (i) availability; (ii) information security; (iii) operation and management 
of change; (iv) data integrity; and (v) governance and strategy. 
The Group's business and activities depend on its ability to process and report a large number of complex 
transactions efficiently and accurately with several and various products and services (generally brief due to 
their nature), relying on highly sophisticated ICT systems for data transmission, processing and storage. 
Nevertheless, ICT systems may be vulnerable to disruptions and failures, such as those caused by hardware 
and software malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking or cyberattacks and physical damage that the ICT 
centres could experience. This could result in disruptions to operations and unavailability of critical services, 
financial losses, and harm the Group's business. 
The risk is broken down into five sub-categories that affect ICT: (i) availability: risk of impaired performance 
and availability of ICT systems and data, including the inability to timely recover services in the event of 
failures of hardware or software ICT components or other weaknesses in ICT systems management; 
(ii) information security: risk of vulnerabilities allowing unauthorised access or damage to information or 
information systems; (iii) operation and management of change: risk derived from the inability to operate ICT 
systems and manage changes in a timely and controlled manner; (iv) data integrity: risk of data stored and 
processed by ICT systems being incomplete, inaccurate or incompatible with other ICT systems, for example 
as a result of inappropriate or inexistent controls during the ICT data life cycle (data architecture design, data 
model construction and/or data dictionaries, data extraction, data transfer and data processing, including data 
output), impairing the CaixaBank Group's ability to provide services and prepare the relevant and correct (risk) 
management and financial information; and (v) governance and strategy: risk of not having a proper 
governance of ICT strategy, aligned with the regulatory guidelines that require, among others, the involvement 
of Senior Management in strategic decision-making regarding technology, ensuring its contribution to the 
achievement of the business strategy goals. 
Model risk 
Model risk is defined as the possible adverse consequences for the Group that may arise from decisions based 
on the results of internal models, due to errors in the construction, application or use of these models. 
The Group uses a variety of internal models for several purposes: rating and scoring models are used in the 
approval process of credit transactions, provisions related to the credit and investment portfolio are calculated 
based on expected loss estimates, the Group's solvency ratios are determined based on calculations of capital 
requirements, financial projections and planning models, and so on. The decision-making of some strategic 
matters is based on the information provided by these internal models. In the event that these internal models 
would not be predictive enough, either due to defects in the way the models were built or failure to update the 
models over time, this could result in an inaccurate or inadequate decision making, for instance, recording 
excessive or insufficient provisions, errors in calculating capital requirements or relying on financial planning 
based on incorrect assumptions. This could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Other operational risks 
Within the Taxonomy, the category "Other operational risks" includes losses or damages caused by (i) errors 
or faults in processes, (ii) external events, or (iii) actions of third parties outside of the Group, whether 
accidental or intentional. It includes, among others, risk related to outsourcing, business continuity or external 
fraud. Third-party vendors and certain affiliated companies provide key components of the Group's business 
infrastructure such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process support, IT 
production and support, Internet connection and network access. 
Relying on these third parties and affiliated companies can be a source of operational and regulatory risk to 
the Group, including with respect to security breaches affecting such parties. The Group is also subject to risk 
with respect to security breaches affecting the vendors and other parties that interact with these service 
providers. As the Group's interconnectivity with these third parties and affiliated companies increases, the risk

--- Page 34 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
34 
 
 
of operational failure with respect to their systems increases. In addition, any problems caused by these third 
parties or affiliated companies, including as a result of them not providing their services for any reason, or 
performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the ability to deliver products and services to 
customers and otherwise conduct the Group's business, which could lead to reputational damage and regulatory 
investigations and intervention. Replacing these third-party vendors could also result in significant delays and 
expenses. Further, the regulatory and operational risk faced as a result of these arrangements may increase if 
such arrangements are restructured. Any restructuring could result in significant expense to the Group and 
significant delivery and execution risk, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations and financial condition of the Group. 
Risk Factors of the Issuer's credit ratings  
The risks assumed by CaixaBank in accordance with the Taxonomy can negatively impact its rating. Any 
downgrading of CaixaBank's credit rating could increase its borrowing costs, restrict access to the capital 
markets and negatively affect the sale or marketing of products and any involvement in transactions, especially 
those involving longer terms and derivatives. This could reduce the Group's liquidity and have an adverse 
effect on its net profit and financial condition.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CaixaBank has been assigned the following credit ratings: 
 
LONG-TERM DEBT 
SHORT-TERM DEBT 
OUTLOOK 
REVIEW DATE 
Moody's  
Baa1 
P-2 
Stable 
25/01/2023 
Standard & Poor's Global Ratings 
A- 
A-2 
Stable 
25/04/2022 
Fitch  
BBB+ 
F2 
Stable 
30/06/2022 
DBRS Ratings GmbH 
A 
R-1 (low) 
Stable 
14/03/2023 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Terms used in this section but not defined herein or indicated to be defined elsewhere have the meanings given 
to them in the sections headed "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers". 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features 
including factors which may occur in relation to any Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, subject to certain conditions. If the 
Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar 
effective return 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (a Tax Jurisdiction), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in whole, 
but not in part, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  The Notes may be also redeemed 
for taxation reasons if (i) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities 
in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the next payment date 
due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or (ii) if the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected.  In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such 
Notes if such additional payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the applicable 
tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or

--- Page 35 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
35 
 
 
regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if so permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations and in particular, 
Articles 77, 78 and 78a of the CRR) then in force and subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), as further described in Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons). 
Additionally, if Issuer's Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
choose to redeem the Notes, as further described in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)). Morevoer, if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer" is applicable to the Notes, the Issuer may have the option to redeem (in whole but not in part) a 
specific Series of Notes if a specific percentage, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of such Series have been previously redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer, as further described in Condition 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the Regulator 
considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, 
and not some only, of any Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force (in particular, Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR) and subject 
to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), as 
further described in Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes).  
If an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the competent 
authority considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law or the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) or any change in the official application or 
interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, Ordinary Senior Notes where the Eligible 
Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations and in particular, Articles 77, 78 and 78a of the 
CRR), as further described in Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): 
Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes). Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event 
only after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations).  
The EU Banking Reforms provide that the redemption of eligible liabilities instruments prior to the date of 
their contractual maturity is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority. According to the EU 
Banking Reforms, such permission will be given only if one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the eligible liabilities 
instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; or 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements laid

--- Page 36 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
36 
 
 
down in the CRR, the CRD 4 and the BRRD by a margin that the resolution authority in agreement 
with the competent authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with 
the own funds requirements laid down in CRR and in CRD 4 for continuing authorisation.  
Likewise, the EU Banking Reforms provide that the redemption of Tier 2 instruments is subject to the prior 
permission of the competent authority. According to the EU Banking Reforms, such permission will be given 
only if, either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the Tier 2 instruments with own 
funds instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the institution; or 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements laid 
down in the CRR, CRD 4 and the BRRD by a margin that the competent authority may consider 
necessary. 
In addition, pursuant to article 78.4 of CRR, for the redemption of Tier 2 instruments during the five years 
following their date of issuance the permission of the competent authority may be given only if, besides the 
above mentioned conditions, one of the following is met: 
(a) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the competent authority 
considers the change that would cause such Capital Event to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the 
institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the competent authority that the Capital Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the relevant Tier 2 instruments; or 
(b) 
in the case of redemption for tax reasons, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
competent authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
issuance of the relevant Tier 2 instruments; or 
(c) 
before or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the relevant Tier 2 instruments 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the competent authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the laws or regulations of Spain or the 
application or interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the 
circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will 
elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or, in the case where any prior permission of the Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority for such redemption is required, whether such permission will be 
given. There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such early redemption, Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the Notes. 
Early redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  During any period when the 
Issuer can redeem the Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer 
may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market 
believes that the Notes may become eligible for redemption in the near term.   
The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate

--- Page 37 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
37 
 
 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Notes provide for limited events of default unless in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, to which 
additional events of default apply 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not 
provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer.  Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes 
is not made when due, each Noteholder will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on their Notes 
but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Issuer have been instigated. This will apply to the Notes regardless of whether or not they have the condition 
of Green, Social and Sustainability Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes not eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, if the Bank so decides by applying additional events of default in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Noteholder will have an individual acceleration right in case certain events occur (including failure of 
payment on the Notes when due and cross default). 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes   
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes applies only to payments of interest 
due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal.  Equally, if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, equivalent limitation on the Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts with respect of principal may 
also apply to Ordinary Senior Notes.  As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts 
under the terms of such Notes to the extent that any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal.  
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to payments of principal under such Notes, 
holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due under the relevant Notes, and the market value 
of the relevant Notes may be adversely affected.  Holders of such Notes should note that principal for these 
purposes will include any payments of premium.  
Conversion of the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest rate, and the 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as 
the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect interest 
payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date.  On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date.  The First Reset Rate or

--- Page 38 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
38 
 
 
any Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Reset Rate 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
The application of the net proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes as described in "Use of 
Proceeds" may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes (as at 
the date of issuance of such Notes) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects allocated to 
any of the Green or Social Portfolios (such Notes being Green, Social or Sustainability Notes), as described in 
the Issuer's SDGs Funding Framework, published on the website of the Issuer (see "Use of Proceeds"). In case 
of asset divestment or if a project no longer meets the Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer intends to replace the asset 
in question with other Eligible Projects which are compliant with the Eligibility Criteria of the Issuer’s SDGs 
Funding Framework. Pending the full allocation of the proceeds, or in case of insufficient assets in the Eligible 
Portfolios, the Issuer intends to invest an amount equal to the balance of net proceeds from the Green, Social, 
or Sustainability Notes according to the Issuer’s general liquidity guidelines for short-term investments. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Issuer's SDGs Funding Framework 
and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of 
such proceeds for any eligible projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) and the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commision on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) or, if and to the extent finally approved and, to the extent applicable to the Notes, the Regulation 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on european green bonds, a draft of which was proposed by the 
European Commission on 6 July 2021 with reference 2021/0191(COD) (the draft European Green Bond 
Regulation). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not 
significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the determination of such a 
definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the implementation of delegated 
regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Likewise, the draft European Green Bond Regulation, includes a set of 
requirements that bonds and notes shall comply with in order to be labelled as “European Green Bonds”. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear whether or not (i) the draft European Green Bond 
Regulation will be finally approved; and (ii) the draft European Green Bond Regulation will be subject to 
modifications or amendments before its approval. Therefore, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
or any other requirements regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or requirements (including, without limitation, the requirements envisaged in the draft 
European Green Bond Regulation, if and to the extent finally approved) or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any eligible projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which

--- Page 39 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
39 
 
 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
and in particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other 
criteria.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes.  
In the event that any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply.  Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or 
assurance is given or made that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, there 
is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that the relevant project or use(s) the subject 
of, or related to, any project, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed 
for such project or that the Issuer can obtain and publish the relevant reports, assesments, opinions or 
certifications. Nor can there be any assurance that any eligible projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all, or that the maturity of an eligible green, social or sustainable asset or project will match the 
minimum duration of any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes for any eligible projects or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions 
and certifications or the fact that the maturity of an eligible green or social asset or project may not match the 
minimum duration of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes, or a failure of any Notes to meet investor 
expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics, or the 
Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid, will not (i) constitute a breach of or an event of default under the relevant Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes, or (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes against, or any other 
liability of, the Issuer, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem or repay such Notes or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the 
purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements.  For the avoidance of doubt, payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Notes shall not 
depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. There will 
be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green, Social and Sustainability Notes and the 
relevant projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Notes nor the discount (in case of discount Notes such as Zero Coupon Notes) nor any rights of 
Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant projects. Holders of any Green, Social and 
Sustainability Notes shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any relevant project nor 
benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
Finally, as further explained in the section headed "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements and Loss 
Absorbing Powers", Green, Social or Sustainability Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool and to write down 
and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution

--- Page 40 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
40 
 
 
Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green, Social or 
Sustainability Note (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution – The Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 
11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, 
any Notes").  
Likewise, Green, Social and Sustainability Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application 
of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as 
such, proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should 
cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. 
Additionally, their labelling as Green, Social or Sustainability Notes (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment 
of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes 
are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements; and (ii) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 3 (Status of 
the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.   
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes, the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or 
any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining 
or certifying on, and/or any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, any 
verification of whether the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes meet the Eligibility Criteria, or the monitoring 
of the use of proceeds of the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including a 
Dealer acting as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that 
such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which may influence 
the amounts that can be received by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Such Zero Coupon Notes will bear no interest and an investor will 
receive no return on the Notes until redemption. Any investors holding these Zero Coupon Notes will be 
subject to the risk that the amortised yield in respect of the Zero Coupon Notes may be less than market rates. 
In addition, the sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by Spanish Individuals is forbidden 
in all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer 
will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish 
Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their original nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such

--- Page 41 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
41 
 
 
securities is, the greater the price volatility they have as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate.  Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions.  Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate.  Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant 
margin, result in the actual floating rate being lower than the relevant margin.  
The value of the return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national 
and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks  
Reference rates and indices such as EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks), to which interest on 
securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reforms. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks. Such reform of Benchmarks includes the EU Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2021/168) as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, the Benchmarks Regulations). These reforms have resulted in the cessation and loss of 
representativeness of certain Benchmarks, including all London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) currencies 
and tenors, and may cause in the future Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulations apply, among other things, to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and the UK as applicable. Among other 
things, they (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses 
by EU or UK supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU or non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations or are eliminated. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant Benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks (i) discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
Benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and/or return on, any Notes linked to or 
referencing a Benchmark, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a Benchmark.

--- Page 42 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
42 
 
 
The working group on euro risk free-rates for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including commercial paper) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the working group on euro risk-free rates published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
In addition, EMMI as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as 
alternative to and as a new fallback rate for EURIBOR. It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether 
EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
The EMMI, as administrator of the EURIBOR, has developed a hybrid methodology for the determination of 
EURIBOR that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data based 
on expert opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the EU Benchmarks Regulation for the 
EURIBOR so calculated. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are 
widely regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based 
approach and because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets tend to prefer 
the use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there 
is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to 
or referencing a Benchmark. 
Fallback arrangements in respect of Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of and return on affected Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, 
including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (other than SOFR) 
ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs. These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined 
by the Issuer and an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
without any separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate and that an Adjustment Spread may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, together with 
the making of certain Benchmark Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the Adjustment Spread is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which the Issuer 
determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). However, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result 
in interest payments that are lower than, or otherwise do not correlate over time with, the payments that could 
have been made on the Notes if the relevant Benchmark continued to be available in its current form. 
Further, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread may be adopted, nor any other amendment 
to the Terms and Conditions of any Series of Notes may be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice 
the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL, 
in each case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 43 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
43 
 
 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Reset 
Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the initial Rate of Interest applicable 
to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA are risk-free rates that may differ from inter-bank offered rated and have 
a limited history. The market continues to develop in relation to €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA as a 
reference rate for Floating Rate Notes, investors may not be able to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on the relevant Notes and any failure of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect Noteholders. The relevant administrator of €STR, SONIA, SOFR 
and TONA may make changes that could change the value of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA or 
discontinue €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA  
Where the applicable Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, the Rate of Interest will be determined by 
reference to Compounded Daily €STR, SONIA or TONA, Compounded Daily €STR, SONIA or TONA Index, 
Weighted Average €STR, SONIA or TONA, Compounded Daily SOFR (including SOFR Compound with 
Lookback, SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay and SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift, the latter on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website) or SOFR Arithmetic Mean.  
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  
These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-
element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently 
over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market 
rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
A screen rate based on an observable publicly available average rate or index may evolve over time but there 
is no guarantee of this. Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk free rates are 
only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably

--- Page 44 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
44 
 
 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Floating Rate Notes become due 
and payable, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date such Floating Rate Notes became due 
and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA as reference rates in the 
capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR and TONA including term €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA reference rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA rate over a designated term). 
The development of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes.  
Holders of Notes that reference SOFR are exposed to the risk that such Floating Rate may not be widely 
accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR was developed for use in 
certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to LIBOR in part because it is 
considered to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure 
bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs 
of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or 
successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, 
as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market 
acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for instruments that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR. 
The use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA as reference rates continues to develop both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA. Publication of such reference rates has a 
limited history. The future performance of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA may therefore be difficult to 
predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA during the 
term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA. 
Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to €STR, SONIA, SOFR 
and TONA such as correlations, may change in the future. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in the future, issue notes 
referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and 
TONA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and 
TONA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing any such 
rate. 
To the extent the €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA rates are not published, the applicable rate to be used to 
calculate the rate of interest on Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA, as applicable, will be 
determined using the fallback provisions set out in the Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA 
and are distinct to those applying to other types of Notes. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been 
made on the Notes if the relevant €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA rate had been so published in its current

--- Page 45 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
45 
 
 
form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest 
to the Notes. 
The European Central Bank (or a successor) as administrator of €STR, the Bank of England (or a successor), 
as administrator of SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR 
and the Bank of Japan (or a successor) as administrator of TONA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA, respectively, including changes related to 
the method by which €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA, or timing related to the publication of €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR and TONA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of €STR, SONIA, SOFR and TONA (in which case the fallback methods of determining the 
interest rate on the relevant Notes will apply). The administrators have no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing €STR, SONIA, SOFR or 
TONA.  
Risks applicable to Senior Notes 
Claims of Noteholders under Senior Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors and 
claims of Noteholders under Senior Non-Preferred Notes are further junior to those of other senior 
creditors 
Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the insolvency (concurso) of 
the Issuer, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 (but subject 
to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated 
claims (créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law), will rank: (a) in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes: (i) senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) and (B) any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the 
future); and (ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes); and (b) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: (i) senior to any 
claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to any Senior Preferred 
Obligations.  
Senior Notes rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a 
privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. In addition, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes rank behind any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, including 
without limitation, the Issuer's Senior Preferred Obligations.  
In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interest accrued but unpaid under the Senior 
Notes as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer will constitute 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of 
the Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the 
Issuer.  
Therefore, the Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's secured indebtedness, to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other obligations that rank senior under the 
Spanish Law.

--- Page 46 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
46 
 
 
The Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as 
any right of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively 
subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency 
or resolution 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to all unsubordinated obligations 
(créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations).  Although Subordinated 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is an enhanced 
risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) 
subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation and the Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may also become subject to the Non-Viability Loss Absorption or (ii) insolvent. 
In the case of any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence 
of any resulting write-down or conversion of the Notes under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of Law 
11/2015 is described in the section headed "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements and Loss Absorbing 
Powers". 
In an insolvency scenario, after payment in full of unsubordinated and unsecured claims (créditos ordinarios, 
including any senior non-preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)) but before distributions to 
shareholders, under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of 
Law 11/2015 (as amended by RDL 7/2021), the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payments in full of 
unsubordinated claims but before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each 
class:  
(a) 
late or incorrect claims; 
(b) 
contractually subordinated liabilities (which is expected to be the case with Senior Subordinated 
Notes) in respect of principal; 
(c) 
interest (including accrued and unpaid interest due on the Notes, except for Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes);  
(d) 
fines;  
(e) 
claims of creditors which are specially related to the Issuer as provided for under the Insolvency Law;  
(f) 
detrimental claims against the Issuer where a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant creditor 
has acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal);  
(g) 
credits deriving from contracts with reciprocal obligations, corresponding to the Issuer's counterparty, 
or to the creditor, in case of restatement of financing agreements or of agreements for the acquisition 
of assets with a price to be paid in the future, when a judge considers, with a prior report of the 
insolvency administrators, that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against 
the interest of the insolvency; 
(h) 
liabilities qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments (which is expected to be the case with Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes); and

--- Page 47 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
47 
 
 
(i) 
liabilities qualifying as AT1 Instruments. 
Furthermore, second paragraph of Article 48(7) of BRRD 2, as implemented in Spain through Additional 
Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (as amended by RDL 7/2021), clarified that if an instrument is only partly 
recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from 
an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item.  
Under the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended from the date of the declaration 
of insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the 
Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes 
As further explained in the section headed "Capital and Eligibile Liabilities Requirements and Loss Absorbing 
Powers", the Notes may be subject to the bail-in tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power, as defined therein) and, in 
the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and pursuant to the BRRD 2 (implemented in Spain by means of 
Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April (RDL 7/2021), which amended Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 
1041/2021, of 23 November (RD 1041/2021), which amended RD 1012/2015) and the SRM Regulation 2, 
certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an institution or a group to the write down 
and conversion powers (the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, as defined therein) contemplated in article 59 of 
BRRD and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined 
therein) under Law 11/2015 and the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(the SRM Regulation). Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any 
exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions for resolution 
referred are met). 
To the extent that any resulting treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power 
is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
Noteholder may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation based on an 
independent valuation of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 of RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation.  Any such compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any applicable 
banking regulations (including, among other such compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 
11/2015) is unlikely to compensate that Noteholder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to 
be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation.  Compensation payments (if any) are also likely 
to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
The powers set out in the BRRD (as amended by BRRD 2) as implemented through Law 11/2015 (as amended 
by RDL 7/2021), RD 1012/2015 (as amended by RD 1041/2021) and the SRM Regulation will impact how 
credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, Noteholders may be subject to, among other things, on any application of the Spanish 
Bail-in-Power, a write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of 
amounts due under such Notes and, in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, may be subject to any Non-
Viability Loss Absorption.  The exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing some or 
all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under such Notes adversely affected.  For example, the 
Spanish Bail-in Power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders receiving a different 
security, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes.  Moreover, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power with respect to the Notes or the taking by an authority of any other action, or any suggestion that the

--- Page 48 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
48 
 
 
exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, 
the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes.  Furthermore, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and any Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes is likely to be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the Issuer's control.  In 
addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an element of discretion, Noteholders may not be 
able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-
in Power and any Non-Viability Loss Absorption.  Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to 
predict when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur, how 
any such powers may be exercised or what the results of such exercise may be. 
Uncertainty surrounding the exercise of these powers, as well as the actual exercise thereof, may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes.  The price and trading behaviour of the Notes may be affected by the threat of a 
possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 (including any early intervention measure before any 
resolution) or any suggestion of such exercise, even if the likelihood of such exercise is remote.  Moreover, 
the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such power without providing any advance notice to the 
Noteholders. 
Noteholders will not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of 
any early intervention, restructuring or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention, restructuring or resolution pursuant to the 
BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if the Issuer or its 
group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly deteriorating financial 
condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory requirements relating to 
solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or if the conditions for resolution referred to above 
are met (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution –The Notes may be subject to the exercise of 
the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and 
the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").  
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention, restructuring or resolution procedure shall not 
itself constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may 
otherwise have in respect thereof.  Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to 
apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its 
rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure 
and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation in relation to the 
exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and 
powers referred to above (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution –The Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  Other powers contained in 
Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the 
value of, any Notes").  Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be limited by 
the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation.  There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights 
of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the 
occurrence of any Event of Default may be limited in these circumstances.

--- Page 49 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
49 
 
 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency Law  
The Insolvency Law has been amended by Law 16/2022, of 5 September (Ley 16/2022, de 5 de septiembre, 
de reforma del texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) with the aim of implementing the restructuring framework 
required by Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on 
preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase 
the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (Directive on restructuring and insolvency). Pursuant to Article 583 of the 
Insolvency Law, credit institutions are not able to file restructuring plans. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not 
reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette, (ii) provisions 
in a contract granting one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency declaration or opening of the liquidation phase may not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of 
unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of 
insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date shall become subordinated. In the case of 
secured ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the value effectively covered 
by the relevant security, and (ii) interests shall keep accruing after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower 
of the limit of the secured amount and the value effectively covered by the relevant security, and only if a 
contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included 
in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 
20 February 2019). In the case of secured default interests, (i) those accrued prior to the insolvency declaration 
shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the value effectively covered by the relevant security, and (ii) 
they shall not accrue after the declaration of insolvency, in accordance with Article 152.2 of the Insolvency 
Law.  
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even 
if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment.  Secured and unsecured 
dissenting creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed (for up to 10 years in case of composition 
proposals), converted into a different financial instrument or equity of the refinanced or insolvent debtor as 
well as any other company, converted into participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchanged for assets 
or rights of the insolvent or refinanced debtor not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as 
a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), (i) to the extent that certain qualified 
majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in relation to the kind of claims or creditor apply (which 
would not be the case for the Notes). Any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of debt securities (other than 
Tier 2 instruments and AT1 instruments) as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure shall constitute 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law. 
The majorities regime envisaged for these purposes also depends on (i) the type of the specific restructuring 
measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.), and 
(ii) on the part of claims to be affected (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as 
calculated pursuant to the rules established in the Insolvency Law). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if passed by the 
relevant majorities.  For these purposes, liabilities held by those creditors considered specially related persons 
(personas especialmente relacionadas) with the insolvent debtor would not be taken into account for the 
purposes of calculating the majorities required for the approval of a composition agreement. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to 
the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. Additionally, other

--- Page 50 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
50 
 
 
restructuring regimes which may apply were the Issuer to be in financial difficulties (including under the UK's 
Companies Act 2006) may also impact claims of holders of Notes against the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Under Law 10/2014, income payments in respect of the Notes, other than income payments in respect of Zero 
Coupon Notes to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, will be made without withholding tax in Spain. 
In particular, article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference 
shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 (the Simplified Information Procedures), which are 
described under "Taxation - Simplified information procedures". The procedures apply to interest deriving 
from preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, 
including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months.  
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from the 
abovementioned securities originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside 
Spain, and are recognised by Spanish law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg)), will be paid free of 
Spanish withholding tax provided that the Principal Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement 
to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement. 
In accordance with such Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant Principal Paying Agent should 
provide the Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The 
statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the 
entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19%) on the total amount of the return on the relevant 
Notes otherwise payable to such entity.  
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, any payments under the Notes (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes) will be made by the Issuer free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Simplified 
Information Procedures described above (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied 
with by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.  
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting 
as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such depositary 
or custodian at the current rate of 19%. 
The Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 
19%) on any payment in respect of Zero Coupon Notes to Personal Income Tax taxpayers. 
In addition, in order for the Issuer to reimburse Zero Coupon Notes, the holders are required to provide the 
Issuer with the legally required certificate issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain 
which proves the prior acquisition of such Zero Coupon Notes and the corresponding acquisition price. In 
accordance with the legislation currently in force, in the case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer 
will not proceed to pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. The Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent on 
its behalf will not gross up payments in respect of any withholding tax arising from said Zero Coupon Notes. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct 
tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Principal Paying Agent or any clearing system 
(including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws 
and regulations is a summary only and neither of the Issuer or the Dealers, assumes any responsibility therefor.  
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other

--- Page 51 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
51 
 
 
things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will notify 
the holders of such information procedures and their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply 
withholding tax on distributions in respect of the relevant securities if the holders do not comply with such 
information procedures. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification and/or substitution 
without the consent of all or any investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 19 (Substitution and 
Variation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 19 (Substitution and Variation) of the Spanish Law 
Conditions, if a Capital Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event, an Alignment Event or a circumstance giving rise 
to the right to early redeem Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, Subordinated 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes for taxation reasons occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and without the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or (ii) 
to vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes (including, in the case of the English Law Notes, 
changing the governing law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law), in each case so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to, become or remain Qualifying Notes.  While Qualifying Notes must contain terms 
that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant Notes, there can be 
no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or 
that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded 
on the basis of their original terms.  In the case of the English Law Notes, any change in the governing law of 
such Notes from English law to Spanish law, so that the English Law Notes become or remain Qualifying 
Notes, shall not be subject to the requirement to be not materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders 
of the English Law Notes. Any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes (including, inter alia, through the 
removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders 
of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same 
ranking as is applicable to such Notes as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation 
for individual Noteholder.  No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Paying Agent, the Issuer, 
or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution 
or variation upon individual Noteholders.  
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that Noteholders waive any deduction, set-off, netting or 
compensation rights arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, 
or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever 
arising.  As a result Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights in respect of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes upon the opening of a resolution procedure would be prohibited by 
Article 68 of BRRD (as implemented into Spanish law in accordance with Law 11/2015). 
Substitution of the Issuer 
If the conditions set out in Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer) are met, the Issuer may, without the further 
consent of the Noteholders, subject to such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking

--- Page 52 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
52 
 
 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), be 
replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) as the principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant (the Substituted Debtor).  In that case, the Noteholders will 
assume the risk that the Substituted Debtor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Notes. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
The Notes will be represented on issue by Global Notes that will be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as the case may be).  Except in the circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors will not be entitled 
to receive Notes in definitive form.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are 
represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants.  
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes.  
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right under such Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the 
event of a default under the relevant Notes (except to the extent that they may rely, in the case of English Law 
Notes, upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant and, in the case of Spanish Law Notes, upon Condition 1 
(Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes and under the 
provisions of the Global Notes). 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, 
are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, should the 
Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes 
and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount.

--- Page 53 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
53 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes (including 
on an unsolicited basis).  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks related to structure, 
market and additional factors discussed above, and do not address the price, if any, at which the Notes may be 
resold prior to maturity (which may be substantially less than the original offering prices of the Notes), and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  However, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit 
rating will generally affect the market value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 54 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
54 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
English language translation of CaixaBank's audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (the IFRS-EU) 
(including the English language translation of the independent auditor's report thereon) for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements or 2022 CFS) 
and CaixaBank's consolidated management report in respect of the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022 or 2022 MR) available at:  
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p698%7C25116/documents 
(b) 
English language translation of CaixaBank's audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS–EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor's 
report thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements) and CaixaBank's consolidated management report in respect of the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2021) available at:  
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p698%7C25116/documents 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2022, 
at pages 81-159 and 160-242 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/c0a9f77f-fcfa-
463d-9afd-84fd2e9c5929.PDFhttps://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/377e96b6-6041-463d-aee0-cd569e6b9c19.PDF 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021, 
at pages 72-136 and 137-205 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/377e96b6-6041-
463d-aee0-cd569e6b9c19.PDF  
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2020, 
at pages 63-114 and 115-170 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5dd712d3-dc28-4498-a3cd-5888bb89ff02.pdf  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2019, 
at pages 88-135 and 136-187 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_91bdab4f-cfbb-46ef-aa30-be1d4be5e5c9.PDF   
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2018, 
as supplemented by the Supplement dated 18 September 2018, at pages 78-119 (inclusive) and 23-68 
(inclusive), respectively, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at:

--- Page 55 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
55 
 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FinalBaseProspectus_24f6896b-6daf-4194-a177-aa0afb70f2a3.PDF  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_fd19b879-5f01-4ed0-a805-dae3d234ab7a.PDF     
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017 
at pages 73-110 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FinalBaseProspectus_e42a1032-98cb-492e-b076-aba6726cc96d.PDF   
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2016 
at pages 60-95 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ae00599e-d866-49e4-a253-38e876d33859.PDF 
Translations in English have been prepared from the original Spanish language, and such translations constitute 
direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any discrepancy, the Spanish 
language version of the relevant document prevails. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
56 
 
 
Information of the Description of the Issuer incorporated by reference 
The table below sets out the relevant sections of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and of the 
CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022 where the following information of the Description of the 
Issuer can be found. 
Relevant information 
Section of the relevant document 
Pages(1) 
Information about the Issuer 
Note 1.1 of the 2022 CFS 
13 - 14 
Recent Events 
Note 1.9 of the 2022 CFS 
22 
Note 7 of the 2022 CFS 
143 - 144 
Note 16 of the 2022 CFS 
168 - 171 
"Our Identity -Significant events in the year" section in the 2022 MR 
18 
Credit Ratings 
Note 3.4.4 of the 2022 CFS 
125 
Business Overview 
Note 1.1 of the 2022 CFS 
13 - 14 
Note 8 of the 2022 CFS 
145 - 147 
"Our Identity –CaixaBank in 2022" section in the 2022 MR 
12 - 17 
"Value creation model" section in the 2022 MR 
183 - 241 
"Shareholders and Investors" section in the 2022 MR 
302 - 329 
"Glosary and Group structure –Group structure" section in the 2022 MR 
459 
Organisational Structure 
Note 1.1 of the 2022 CFS 
13 - 14 
Note 41 of the 2022 CFS 
242 - 246 
"Glosary and Group structure –Group structure" section in the 2022 MR 
459 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
"Corporate Governance Report" section in the 2022 MR 
54 - 153 
Note 9.3 of the 2022 CFS 
150 - 152 
Major Shareholders 
"Corporate Governance Report -The Property" section in the 2022 MR 
61 - 68 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Note 23.3 of the 2022 CFS 
195 - 201 
Note 23.5 of the 2022 CFS 
201 - 202 
(1) Page numbers in relation to the relevant document

--- Page 57 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
57 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached (Bearer 
Notes), or registered form, without interest coupons attached (Registered Notes).  Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes represented by such Bearer Global Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) Bearer 
Notes in definitive form (definitive Bearer Notes) of the same Series with, where applicable, interest Coupons 
and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  
The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary

--- Page 58 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
58 
 
 
Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest Coupons and 
Talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the English Law Notes or of the 
Spanish Law Notes (as applicable)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Notes represented 
by such Permanent Bearer Global Notes are required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and no alternative clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than the Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on 
all interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
If the Bearer Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche the Bearer Global Notes will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper and 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be informed whether or not the Bearer Global Notes are intended 
to be held as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem (Eurosystem eligible collateral).  
Depositing the Bearer Global Notes intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral with a Common 
Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes represented by such Bearer Global Notes will be 
recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.  In the case of Bearer Global Notes issued in NGN form which are not intended to be held as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future so that such Bearer Global Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, such Bearer Global 
Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper.

--- Page 59 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
59 
 
 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note) (a Bearer Global Note and/or a Registered Global Note (as the context may require), 
a Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a Common Depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of Registered Notes in definitive form (definitive Registered Notes). 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to 
be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes represented by such Registered Global Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for a Registered Global Note 
held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 5.4 
(Payments- Payments in respect of Registered Notes) of the English Law Notes or of the Spanish Law Notes 
(as applicable)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the definitive Registered Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 5.4 (Payments- Payments in respect of Registered Notes) of the English Law 
Notes or of the Spanish Law Notes (as applicable)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the English Law Notes or of the Spanish Law Notes (as applicable)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Notes represented by such Registered Global Notes are 
required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and no alternative clearing system 
is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 60 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
60 
 
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and 
ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.  A Note may be accelerated by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default).  In such circumstances, where 
any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, 
in either case, the payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of 
the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, each account holder which has Notes 
represented by such Global Note credited to its securities accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and will acquire 
all those rights that it would have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and authenticated Notes in 
definitive form in respect of the relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all payments due at 
any time in respect of the relevant Notes) subject to and in accordance with, in the case of English Law Notes, 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 18 April 2023 and executed by the Issuer, and, 
in the case of the Spanish Law Notes, under the provisions of Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) 
and the relevant Global Note and, from that time, the holder of the Global Note will have no further rights 
under such Global Note (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder or any other person may have 
under the Deed of Covenant (in the case of English Law Notes) or as a holder of Notes other than the Global 
Note (in the case of the Spanish Law Notes)). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Legend appearing on Zero Coupon Notes 
The following legend will appear on all Notes and on all receipts and coupons relating to Zero Coupon Notes: 
"THE SALE, TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION OF ZERO COUPON NOTES TO OR BY 
INDIVIDUALS (PERSONAS FÍSICAS) WHO ARE TAX RESIDENT IN SPAIN (EACH A SPANISH 
INDIVIDUAL) IS FORBIDDEN IN ALL CASES. ANY TRANSFER OF ZERO COUPON NOTES TO 
OR BY SPANISH INDIVIDUALS IS NOT PERMITTED AND SUCH TRANSFER WILL BE 
CONSIDERED NULL AND VOID BY THE ISSUER. ACCORDINGLY, THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
RECOGNISE ANY SPANISH INDIVIDUAL AS AN OWNER OF ZERO COUPON NOTES."

--- Page 61 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
61 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF EUR 100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturerꞌs product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturersꞌ target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[ꞌs/sꞌ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]1  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation] 2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included if the product governance requirements under MiFID II apply to the relevant Tranche in accordance with Directive 
(EU) 2021/338 (as implemented in the relevant Member States). 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (ii) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable"

--- Page 62 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
62 
 
 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore). 
[Date] 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EURO 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”]/[“Terms and Conditions 
of the Spanish Law Notes”] in the Base Prospectus dated 18 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  In addition, if the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, copies of the Final Terms will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The Notes have not been and shall not be offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than 
professional institutional investors (Professional Institutional Investors) as defined under Paragraph 2, 
Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act of the Republic of China (ROC). Purchasers of the Notes 
are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional 
Investor.] (To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange) 
[Application [has [also] been made]/[will [also] be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange in the Republic of China (TPEx). TPEx is not responsible for the 
content of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and 
no representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these Final Terms [and], the Base 
Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx expressly disclaims any and all 
liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or part of the contents of these Final 
Terms [and] the Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. Admission to listing 
                                                     
3   
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 63 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
63 
 
 
and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes.] 
(To be inserted if Instruments are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.) 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 April 2023 [under the section entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes”]/[ “Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes”] [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [is/are] incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 April 2023.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 April 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.4  The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable) 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
                                                     
4  
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation 
references are to be removed.

--- Page 64 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
64 
 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples 
of the specified minimum denomination) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(a) 
Trade Date: 
[          ]  
(b) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
for Zero Coupon Notes) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[[    ] month [€STR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
CMS Rate / TONA]] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 
17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition 6.7 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable][see paragraph 23 below]  
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 6.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable][see paragraph 19 below] 
Issuer Call – Capital Event (Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) pursuant to [Condition 6.4 of the Terms and

--- Page 65 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
65 
 
 
Conditions of the Notes] is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Issuer Call – Eligible Liabilities Event (Subordinated 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred/Ordinary Senior Notes) 
pursuant to [Condition 6.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes] is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option pursuant 
to Condition 6.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes is [Applicable/Not Applicable][see paragraph 
22 below] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior Notes 
– Senior Non-Preferred Notes][Subordinated Notes - 
Senior Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes - 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
(b) 
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
14. 
Gross-up in respect of principal and any 
premium (pursuant to Condition 7.1 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes) 
(Include “Not Applicable” if issue is of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable from (and including) [   ] to 
(and excluding) [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 66 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
66 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
or 
30/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
16. 
Fixed Reset Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Applicable from (and including) [   ] to 
(and excluding) [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/other] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] (Amend as necessary) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[       ] [and [      ]] 
(j) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Sterling Reference Bond Rate/Non-
Sterling Reference Bond Rate/U.S. Treasury Rate]

--- Page 67 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
67 
 
 
(k) 
Initial Reference Rate: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applies if Reset Reference Rates is neither Mid-
Swap Rate nor U.S. Treasury Rate) 
(l) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[       ] 
(Only applies if Reset Reference Rates is not Mid-
Swap Rate) 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][       ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(p) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[       ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis]) 
(q) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
(r) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(s) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[[          ][The Principal Paying Agent] will act as 
Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
(t) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(u) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Applicable from (and including) [   ] to 
(and excluding) [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 68 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
68 
 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[[          ][The Principal Paying Agent] will act as 
Calculation Agent [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] month [[currency] €STR / EURIBOR / SONIA / 
SOFR / TONA / CMS Reference Rate] 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[   ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(v) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only 
relevant for CMS Rate) 
(vi) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ]  
(In the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is Euro, the second day on 
which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period) 
[Second [specify type of day] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]  
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro) 
[[ ] London Banking Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date])]  
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA) 
[[ ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
€STR) 
[[ ] Tokyo Banking Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
TONA)

--- Page 69 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
69 
 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings or 
captions) 
(viii) 
Calculation Method: 
Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: [SONIA 
Compounded Daily]/[SONIA Index Compounded 
Daily]/[SONIA Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift]/ ]/[SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay]/[SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is €STR: [€STR 
Compounded Daily]/[€STR Index Compounded 
Daily]/[€STR Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compounded Daily]/[TONA Index Compounded 
Daily]/[TONA Weighted Average]] 
(ix) 
Observation Method: 
[Include 
where 
the 
Calculation 
Method 
is 
SONIA/€STR/TONA 
Compounded 
Daily: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]] 
(x) 
p: 
[[specify] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/ [TARGET 
Business Days]/[Tokyo Banking Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, €STR, 
TONA or SOFR (where the Calculation Method is 
SOFR 
Compound: 
SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Lookback)) 
(xi) 
Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift)

--- Page 70 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
70 
 
 
(xii) 
Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
(xiii) 
Interest Period End Dates: [As per Conditions] [specify] [Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, €STR 
or TONA and the Observation Method is “Lag”, 
“Shift” or “Lock-out” or SOFR and the Calculation 
Method is Compound with Observation Period Shift, 
Compound with Payment Delay or Index with 
Observation Shift) 
(xiv) 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
(xv) 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in Condition 
4.3(b)(v)(D).]] 
(xvi) 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period.  In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 71 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
71 
 
 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback:  
Lookback: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift:  
Observation Period Shift: [   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days. 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [   ] Lockout Period Business Days. 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
Lookback: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days. 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable.]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
Lockout: [   ] Lockout Period Business Days. 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ]/[Applicable 
Business Days.]] 
(vii) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days. 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 72 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
72 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call (pursuant to Condition 6.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Period: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
20. 
Capital Event (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6.4 of Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
21. 
Eligible Liabilities Event (Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred or Ordinary 
Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 6.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (pursuant to Condition 6.6 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
73 
 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [   ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[   ] per Note / [   ] 
23. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: The Optional Redemption Amount cannot be 
other than a specified amount per Calculation 
Amount) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
(N.B. Only required to be completed where notice 
periods are different to the notice periods set out in 
Condition 6.6. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent) 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, on an 
event of default [or upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event] [or upon the occurrence 
of an Eligible Liabilities Event]: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
26. 
Ordinary Senior Notes optionality: 
(Note that this paragraph provides additional 
optionality to apply Additional Events of Default to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) 
(N.B. Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes.  
Include “Not Applicable” if issue is of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and delete 
sub-paragraph (a)) 
(a) 
Additional Events of Default 
(Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes): 
 
[Condition 9.2(a) [Not] Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
74 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes [upon an 
Exchange Event [including/excluding] the exchange 
event described in paragraph (ii) of the definition in 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes [upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note]] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14th 
December, 20055]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Bearer Global Notes) 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Registered Global Notes) 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest 
to which sub-paragraph 17(c) relates) 
                                                     
5  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 75 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
75 
 
 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
30. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks:] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by 
reference to [insert name of Benchmark], which is 
provided by [insert name of the administrator]. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name 
of the administrator] is [not] included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011).] 
(Only relevant for CMS Linked Interest Notes)

--- Page 76 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
76 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of CaixaBank, S.A.: 
By:
 ...........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 77 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
77 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to 
be admitted to the [Official List of Euronext Dublin] 
and admitted to trading on the [regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [    ].] 
[Application [has [also] been made]/[will [also] be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange in 
the Republic of China (TPEx). TPEx is not 
responsible for the content of these Final Terms, the 
Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made 
by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these 
Final Terms [and], the Base Prospectus [and the 
amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx 
expressly disclaims any and all liability for any 
losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, 
all or part of the contents of these Final Terms [and] 
the Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. Admission to listing and 
trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as 
an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to whether the Notes 
will be, or will remain, listed on TPEx. If the Notes 
fail to or cease to be listed on TPEx, certain investors 
may not invest in, or continue to hold or invest in, 
the Notes] (To be inserted if Notes are listed on the 
Taipei Exchange) 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from [    ].] 
[Application [has [also] been/will [also] be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on TPEx with effect from [    ].] 
(To be inserted if Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Taipei Exchange) 
[Not Applicable] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)

--- Page 78 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
78 
 
 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[As such [insert the legal name of the relevant CRA 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name 
of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-registered 
CRA entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation].  As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the UK (delete 
as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity

--- Page 79 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
79 
 
 
that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation), but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation[[[EITHER:] 
and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [ and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU CRA entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong

--- Page 80 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
80 
 
 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the UK (delete 
as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity 
that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for fees [   ] [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
(N.B. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing requirements of the CaixaBank 
Group / Other – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general financial requirements and there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will need 
to be stated here] [The Notes are intended to be 
issued as [Green Notes / Social Notes / Sustainable 
Notes] and the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes will be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Base Prospectus] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Reset 
Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.

--- Page 81 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
81 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(d) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 82 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
82 
 
 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
8. 
[ROC TAXATION] 
 
(To be inserted if the Notes are listed on the Taipei Exchange)  
The following is a general description of the principal Republic of China (ROC) tax consequences for 
investors receiving interest in respect of, or disposing of, the Notes and is of a general nature based on the 
Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice. It does not purport to be comprehensive and does not 
constitute legal or tax advice. 
This general description is based upon the law as in effect on the date hereof and that the Notes will be 
issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, to Professional Institutional Investors only. This 
description is subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. Investors should appreciate that, as a 
result of changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. Investors 
should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, 
holding or selling the Notes. 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest [or 
deemed interest] to be paid on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest [or deemed interest] (applicable for Zero Coupon Notes 
only) receivable under the Notes as part of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate of 20 per 
cent (unless the total taxable income for a fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject to income 
tax on their worldwide income on an accrual basis. The alternative minimum tax (AMT) is not applicable.

--- Page 83 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
83 
 
 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to a 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
tax (STT) on the transaction price. However, Article 2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 2010 to 
31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted on or 
before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to STT at 0.1 
per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise provided by the tax laws that may be in force at that time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from income tax. Accordingly, ROC corporate 
holders are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
ROC corporate holders should include the capital gains in calculating their basic income for the purpose of 
calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT exceeds the ordinary income tax calculated pursuant to 
the Income Basic Tax Act of the ROC (also known as the AMT Act), the excess becomes the ROC corporate 
holders’ AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred by such holders may be carried over 5 years to offset 
against capital gains of the same category of income for the purposes of calculating their AMT. 
[Specify and update if necessary to reflect change as at the date of the Final Terms] 
9. 
[ROC SETTLEMENT AND TRADING] 
 
(To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei Exchange)  
[Investor with a securities book-entry account with a ROC securities broker and a foreign currency deposit 
account with a ROC bank may request the approval of the Taiwan Depositary & Clearing Corporation 
(TDCC) to the settlement of the Notes through the account of TDCC with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and if such approval is granted by the TDCC, the Notes may be so cleared and settled. In such 
circumstances, TDCC will allocate the respective Notes position to the securities book-entry account 
designated by such investor in the ROC. The Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to the applicable 
rules and operating procedures of TDCC and the TPEx as domestic bonds. 
In addition, an investor may apply to TDCC (by filing in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its own 
account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for trading in the domestic market or vice versa for trading in overseas markets. 
For such investors who hold their interests in the Notes through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such 
holders may be made by payment services banks whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign 
currency deposit accounts of the holders. Such payment is expected to be made on the second ROC business 
day following TDCC’s receipt of such payment (due to time difference, the payment is expected to be 
received by TDCC one ROC business day after the distribution date). However, when the holders will 
actually receive such distributions may vary depending upon the daily operations of the ROC banks with 
which the holder has the foreign currency deposit account.]

--- Page 84 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
84 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, if so specified in Part A – Contractual 
Terms of the Final Terms, which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) 
and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by CaixaBank, S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note either in bearer form (a Bearer Global Note) or 
in registered form (a Registered Global Note) (a Bearer Global Note and/or a Registered Global Note 
(as the context may require), a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any Bearer Notes (as defined below) in definitive form (definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange 
for a Bearer Global Note; and  
(d) 
any Registered Notes (as defined below) in definitive form (definitive Registered Notes) (whether or 
not issued in exchange for a Registered Global Note). 
Notes will be issued in either bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered form (Registered Notes). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 18 April 2023 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar (as defined below), the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents), BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include 
any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Registrar, the Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes, have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes which have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on 
issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue.

--- Page 85 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
85 
 
 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
18 April 2023 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or replaced. 
In the Conditions: 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
Calculation Agent means the Principal Paying Agent, or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount and such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to an entity, any entity controlled by that first person entity where control is 
determined in accordance with Regulation 43 of Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain as 
amended from time to time (Norma 43 de la Circular 4/2017, de 27 de noviembre, del Banco de España), 
whether any such entity is a financial institution or not.

--- Page 86 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
86 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Ordinary Senior Note will be deemed to be eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements even if it is not so eligible provided that its ineligibility arises solely as a result of the 
circumstances described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (iv) of the definition of Eligible Liabilities Event. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note (which term includes 
a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms) or a Zero 
Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note and, in the case of a Senior Note, an 
Ordinary Senior Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, and in the case of a Subordinated Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be required 
to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer or such registered holder (as applicable) 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
87 
 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for definitive Registered Notes or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a definitive Registered Note 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being scheduled to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a definitive Registered Note, a new definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 88 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
88 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes (Ordinary Senior Notes) or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, the 
Senior Notes), and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes (Senior 
Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and together with 
the Senior Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes).  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power (as defined in Condition 18). The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting 
arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither 
secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the ranking of the claims 
under the Notes.  
3.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Ordinary Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios). 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Ordinary Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the 
Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of 
the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the Conditions: 
Insolvency Law means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de 
crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as amended by RDL 7/2021). 
RDL 7/2021 means Royal Decree-Lay 7/2021, of 27 April, on implementation of European Directives 
(Real Decreto-ley 7/2021, de 27 de abril, de transposición de directivas de la Unión Europea en las 
materias de competencia, prevención del blanqueo de capitales, entidades de crédito, 
telecomunicaciones, medidas tributarias, prevención y reparación de daños medioambientales, 
desplazamiento de trabajadores en la prestación de servicios transnacionales y defensa de los 
consumidores). 
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary claims 
(créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.

--- Page 89 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
89 
 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any non-
preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to Ordinary Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law.  
Ordinary claims rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits 
with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary claims.  
Ordinary claims rank above non-preferred ordinary claims, subordinated claims and the rights of 
shareholders.  
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest under Ordinary Senior Notes shall 
be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of holders of 
Ordinary Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, 
junior to claims on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than liabilities qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments).  
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) under Additional 
Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015.  It is expressly stated for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.2 of 
Law 11/2015 that, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank below 
any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) (other than non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes)) against the Issuer and accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any such other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) 
(other than non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)) against the Issuer. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to comply with the requirements of Article 72b of CRR so 
that they qualify as eligible liability instruments for the purposes of Article 72a of CRR.  Accordingly, 
as set out in Article 72a of CRR, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be considered as debt 
instruments with embedded derivatives solely because of any Issuer Call or Investor Put for the 
purposes of Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations.

--- Page 90 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
90 
 
 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) as defined 
in the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. Non-preferred ordinary claims 
rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa), credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) and the rest of ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) which shall be 
paid in full before non-preferred ordinary claims. Non-preferred ordinary claims rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest under Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, 
junior to claims on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than liabilities qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments). 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Subordinated Notes 
in the applicable Final Terms (which may be, in turn, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer.  In accordance with the 
Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that 
may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank 
as follows: 
(a) 
for so long as the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes do 
not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
principal thereunder would rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, 
to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other contractually subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in respect of principal under 
instruments which do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 91 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
91 
 
 
(b) 
for so long as the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer thereunder would 
rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted 
by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under Tier 2 Instruments; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments, and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or 
by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under Tier 2 Instruments; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); (ii) any subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under instruments which do not constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments (such as the Senior Subordinated 
Notes, if and as applicable); and (iii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted 
by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under Tier 2 Instruments. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the basis that 
such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group.  Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis that such 
Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
In the Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 4, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution 
and/or solvency then in effect of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, in each case 
to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group). 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means any instrument of the Issuer constituting an Additional Tier 1 
Capital instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.3º of Law 11/2015. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come 
into effect in place thereof (including the BRRD 2), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 
(as amended by RDL 7/2021) and RD 1012/2015 (as amended by RD 1041/2021), as amended or 
replaced from time to time and including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time).

--- Page 92 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
92 
 
 
CRD 4 means any or any combination of the CRD 4 Directive, the CRR, and any CRD 4 Implementing 
Measures. 
CRD 4 Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (in all 
cases, as amended from time to time, including by the CRD 5 Directive). 
CRD 4 Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 4 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, 
the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on 
a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
as amended from time to time, RD 84/2015, as amended from time to time, and any other regulation, 
circular or guidelines implementing CRD 4 (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time, including by CRR 2). 
Law 10/2014 means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de 
crédito), as amended from time to time. 
RD 1012/2015 means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (Real 
Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de 
recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que 
se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 84/2015 means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, 
supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 1041/2021 means Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November, amending Royal Decree 2606/1996, 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 and Royal Decree 2606/1996 (Real Decreto 1041/2021, de 23 de noviembre, 
por el que se modifican el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de 
depósitos de entidades de crédito; y el Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se 
desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de 
diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito). 
Regulator means the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority exercising primary 
bank supervisory authority, or any other entity or institution carrying out such duties on its/their behalf 
(including the Bank of Spain), in each case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.

--- Page 93 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
93 
 
 
Tier 2 Instrument means any instrument of the Issuer constituting a Tier 2 Capital instrument 
(instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and as 
referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.2º of Law 11/2015. 
Under Spanish Law, accrual of interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be suspended from the date 
of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Subordinated Noteholders in respect of interest 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims of the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law, read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015.   
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only or Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that this Condition 4.1 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) definitive 
Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are definitive Bearer Notes, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a definitive Bearer Note is a multiple of the

--- Page 94 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
94 
 
 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(c) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the interest period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
interest period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day a month, or (b) 
the last day of the interest period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and

--- Page 95 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
95 
 
 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or, if 
none, the Maturity Date (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 4.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 4.2 as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes.  The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall 
otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2.  Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset 
Period, adjusted as necessary; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the relevant Reset Determination Date for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on the Relevant

--- Page 96 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
96 
 
 
Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the 
Reset Period; 
Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond 
Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such 
time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying 
the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date;  
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case 
calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is 
equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant 
Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page;

--- Page 97 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
97 
 
 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are 
provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided.  If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided.  
If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-Swap Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page on or after the most recent Reset Date or, if none, the Issue Date, 
if any, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If no such Mid-Swap Rate is available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page (determined on the basis that the Reset Determination Date were the date on 
which the Mid-Swap Rate so last appeared);  
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank 
or financial institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if five or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) such 
quotations; or 
(b) 
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all such 
quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; or 
(d) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, where U.S. Treasury Rate 
does not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate, the Initial Reference Rate and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate, the Reset Reference Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
or where U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the third paragraph in the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate; 
Reset Reference Rate means one of the (i) Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, 
(iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Sterling Reference Bond Rate means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as 
a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section

--- Page 98 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
98 
 
 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), on an annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin 
for any Subsequent Reset Period, adjusted as necessary; and 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset Determination Date, 
the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the average of the yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period, for the five business days immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date and 
appearing under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” at the Reset Determination Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently published statistical release designated 
“H.15 Daily Update”, or any successor publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to 
constant maturity, under the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period; or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum 
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; or (3) if the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot 
be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (1) or (2) above, “U.S. Treasury Rate” means 
the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield 
on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most 
recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities 
adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available date 
preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release (or any 
successor release). 
(b) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day (where a London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter.

--- Page 99 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
99 
 
 
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Reset Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 4.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only or Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that this Condition 4.3 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count 
Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 100 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
100 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.3(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (A) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (II) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (B) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (II) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor thereto (T2) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the

--- Page 101 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
101 
 
 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix 
(and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (I) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (II) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, (I) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (II) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a)  
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b)  
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(c)  
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period

--- Page 102 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
102 
 
 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Applicable Business Days, Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, Lockout Period 
Business Days, Overnight Rate Averaging Method, Averaging with Lookback, 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing EURIBOR, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 103 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
103 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 4.3(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 4.3(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(E) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F) below, as applicable: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily €STR Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(D) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.3(b)(iii): 
Compounded Daily €STR means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily €STR as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 104 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
104 
 
 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
€STR Reference Rate means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, and 
subject to as provided in Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F) below, a reference rate equal 
to the daily €STR for such TARGET Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (the 
ECB's Website) (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise 
published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day 
(in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank 
or the successor administrator of such rate);  
€STRi means, in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi: 
 (y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(1)  
in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2)  
the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the €STR Reference Rate for such TARGET Business 
Dayi; 
€STRi-pTBD means:

--- Page 105 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
105 
 
 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a TARGET Business Dayi, €STR 
Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day falling p 
TARGET Business Days prior to such TARGET Business Dayi; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a TARGET Business Dayi, 
€STRi in respect of such TARGET Business Dayi;  
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
ni, for any TARGET Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Business Dayi up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Business Day;  
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where “Lag” or “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, two 
TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) where "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; 
Reference Day means each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a TARGET Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
TARGET Business Day or TBD means any day on which T2 is open; and 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any 
successor thereto; 
Compounded Daily €STR Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the €STR as a 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) by reference to the screen rate or index

--- Page 106 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
106 
 
 
for compounded daily €STR rates administered by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) that is 
published or displayed on the website of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) or any successor source from time to time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
€STR Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which €STR Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day 
in relation to which €STR Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
p means two TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
€STR Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
€STR Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period;  
€STR Compounded IndexEnd means with respect to an Interest Period, the 
€STR Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
TARGET Business Day or TBD means any day on which T2 is open; and 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any 
successor thereto; and 
Weighted Average €STR means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the €STR Reference 
Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a TARGET Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET 
Business immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of 
such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be 
the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these

--- Page 107 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
107 
 
 
purposes, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of any calendar day which is 
not a TARGET Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(E) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(B), if the relevant €STR Compounded Index is not published or 
displayed by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, if later, 
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period for 
which the €STR Compounded Index is not available in accordance with Condition 
4.3(b)(iii)(A) above and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Shift”. 
(F) 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, unless both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, and both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
€STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator) (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that: 
I. 
if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references 
to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB's Website (the EDFR) on such TARGET Business Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate 
and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the 
EDFR Spread); and 
II. 
if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
"€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Business Day plus 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended

--- Page 108 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
108 
 
 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined at the last 
preceding €STR Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding €STR 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references 
to €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date 
than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest published EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread. 
As used in this Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F): 
I. 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(x)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank 
for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
II. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
III. 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended

--- Page 109 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
109 
 
 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; and 
IV. 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided.. 
(G) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(D) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(E) below, as applicable. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 110 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
110 
 
 
 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 111 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
111 
 
 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, two London Banking Days or such 
greater number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) where 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
zero; 
Reference Day means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that 
is not a London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
SONIA reference rate, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day);  
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Dayi: 
 (y)  
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Dayi; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIA reference rate in respect of the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Dayi; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such 
London Banking Dayi. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions:

--- Page 112 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
112 
 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
 
where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means two London Banking Days or such other number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of the Conditions: 
Weighted Average SONIA means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Banking 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or

--- Page 113 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
113 
 
 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest Period, 
the SONIA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(B) above, if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not 
published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other 
information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest 
Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(A) above and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall 
be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(E) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
reference rate shall be: 
I. 
(a) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (a) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined or (b) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
follow such guidance to determine the SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA 
reference rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 4.3(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be

--- Page 114 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
114 
 
 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(v)(A) or Condition 4.3(b)(v)(B) below, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(v)(D) below: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Compound”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Compounded Daily SOFR means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal 
to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
I. 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 115 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
115 
 
 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Lookback Period means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days or 
such other number of days as specified as “p” in the applicable Final Terms; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
(pUSBD), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and including, the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period; 
II. 
if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 116 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
116 
 
 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
that is the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
III. 
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Interest Payment Dates shall be the dates occurring the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes become due and 
payable; 
Interest Payment Delay means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 117 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
117 
 
 
Interest Determination Date shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi; and 
SOFRi means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi. 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with 
respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Notes become due and payable, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date. 
IV. 
if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
dc means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Observation Shift Days means two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR IndexFinal means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 118 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
118 
 
 
SOFR IndexInitial means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
SOFR means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the SOFR Determination Time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on the immediately following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, 
if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Screen Page); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the 
period from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next 
occurring Interest Period End Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For 
these purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; 
SOFR Cut-Off Date means, unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such Interest

--- Page 119 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
119 
 
 
Period (or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 4.3(b)(v)(A) to 4.3(b)(v)(B) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in 
Condition 4.3(b)(v)(D) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all 
determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Issuer will appoint an agent (the Replacement Rate Determination Agent) 
which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer, 
(z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the 
Issuer determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) or Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
(as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection 
with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for 
interest rate derivatives published from time to time;

--- Page 120 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
120 
 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series, 
as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as applicable in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Benchmark means (a) (unless “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 4.3(b)(v)(C) above); 
SOFR Replacement means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in accordance with: 
(x) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(y) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set 
forth below: 
(1) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(2) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(3) 
Industry Replacement, 
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant

--- Page 121 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
121 
 
 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a 
subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives means: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement); 
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the ISDA Fallback Replacement); or 
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Industry Replacement); 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);

--- Page 122 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
122 
 
 
SOFR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(x) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (x) or (y) of the definition of “SOFR Transition 
Event” the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(y) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (z) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(z) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (aa), the last such consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (x) or (y)above, should such event or circumstance 
referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than 
three months after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
SOFR Transition Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,

--- Page 123 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
123 
 
 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(z) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(aa) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.  
(E) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing TONA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is TONA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(E) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(F) below, as applicable: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily TONA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest

--- Page 124 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
124 
 
 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(D) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.3(b)(vi): 
Compounded Daily TONA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in Japanese Yen (with the daily TONA as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Tokyo Banking Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;

--- Page 125 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
125 
 
 
ni, for any Tokyo Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following Tokyo 
Banking Day;  
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, (i) in respect of an Interest Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, five 
Tokyo Banking Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) in respect of an Interest Period where "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
zero; 
Reference Day means each Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a Tokyo Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA reference rate, means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily TONA rate for such Tokyo Banking Day as 
provided by the a Bank of Japan and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors (in each case on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day);  
TONAi means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Dayi: 
(x)  if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TONA reference rate in respect of pTBD in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi; or 
(y)  if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any Tokyo Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, 
the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(z)  if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TONA reference rate for such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
TONAi-pTBD means:

--- Page 126 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
126 
 
 
(x)  if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in respect of the 
Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to such Tokyo 
Banking Dayi (pTBD); or 
(y)  if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in respect of 
such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
Compounded Daily TONA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Yen (with the daily TONA as a 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) by reference to the screen rate or index 
for compounded daily TONA rates administered by the administrator of the TONA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the TONA Compounded Index) and will be 
calculated as follows: 
( 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 365
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which TONA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day 
in relation to which TONA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
p means two Tokyo Banking Days or such larger number of days as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
TONA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
TONA Compounded IndexEnd means with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
Weighted Average TONA means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the TONA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the TONA reference 
rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a Tokyo Banking Day shall be 
deemed to be the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or

--- Page 127 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
127 
 
 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the TONA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest Period, 
the TONA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
TONA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a Tokyo 
Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(E) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(B), if the relevant TONA Compounded Index is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the TONA reference rate or other information 
service by 5.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-
prevailing operational procedures of the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for the Interest Period for which the TONA Compounded Index is not 
available in accordance with Condition 4C.08(A) above and for these purposes the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(F) 
If the TONA reference rate is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the TONA reference rate for such 
Tokyo Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the Tokyo Overnight Average published 
by the administrator of the TONA reference rate on the Relevant Screen Page for the 
last preceding Tokyo Banking Day on which the Tokyo Overnight Average was 
published by the administrator of TONA on the Relevant Screen Page. 
(G) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vii) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be calculated by the relevant Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions set out below and the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
As used above: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes means Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified to be the CMS Rate. 
CMS Rate shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per

--- Page 128 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
128 
 
 
annum) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the relevant Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation 
for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If three or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For this purpose: 
Margin has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the 
Issuer. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined 
by the relevant Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the 
ISDA Definitions; 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of 
six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA 
with a designated maturity of three months;

--- Page 129 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
129 
 
 
(C) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual 
fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three 
months; and 
(D) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
Relevant Time has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) definitive 
Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or (B) such definitive Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are definitive Bearer Notes, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 130 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
130 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a definitive Bearer Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 131 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
131 
 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 132 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
132 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal 
Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.3 by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SOFR, when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determining, no later than three Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4.4(a) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(c) below). 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 133 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
133 
 
 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner): 
(i) 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4); 
or 
(ii) 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 above). 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, do not agree on the selection 
of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Conditions 4.2 (Interest 
on Fixed Reset Notes) and 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be, shall continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.4(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4.4(a). 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.4 and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.4(d) below, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4.4(c) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(c), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading.

--- Page 134 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
134 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or Eligible Liabilities, in each 
case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date (including any Reset Date) 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) any Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 4.4; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor or Alternative Rate and any Adjustment Spread. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Principal Paying Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying 
Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so.

--- Page 135 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
135 
 
 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.4(a) to (d) above, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2 (Interest on Fixed Reset 
Notes) and 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, 
will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 4.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread or quantum (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital market transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such spread, quantum, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with 
(i) to (iii) above, the Issuer, in its discretion and following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate period in the Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(c) above. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 136 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
136 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the Specified Future Date) (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a Specified Future 
Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.4, 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate(as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 137 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
137 
 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Paying Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to payments)) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the

--- Page 138 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
138 
 
 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8 
(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose original nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the original nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Bearer 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) in the case of Registered Global Notes, at the close of 
the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) in the case of definitive Registered Notes, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date.  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with 
a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of 
payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country

--- Page 139 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
139 
 
 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) in the case of Registered Global Notes, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) in the case of definitive Registered Notes, 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before 
the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant

--- Page 140 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
140 
 
 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes only, the relevant place of presentation; or 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.8); 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal 
amount or (ii) such percentage of its principal amount to be determined by the Issuer as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes (including Zero Coupon Notes that have the condition of 
Senior Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) will have an original maturity of at least one year from 
their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations).

--- Page 141 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
141 
 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (including Zero Coupon Notes that have the condition of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of effective 
disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to 
time by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note); or  
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note),  
on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of any payment of interest 
to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or 
(iii) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer (i) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, (ii) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the materially affected 
applicable tax treatment.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
(i) deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) use its best efforts to deliver to the Principal Paying 
Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
a copy of the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to redemption, if 
and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations).

--- Page 142 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
142 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 78 and 78a 
of the CRR) in force at the relevant time. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and pursuant to Article 78(4) of the CRR, in the case of any 
redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for tax reasons during the five years following their date of 
issuance, the Issuer will have to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the change is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance in addition to meeting one of 
the conditions referred to in Article 78(1) of the CRR. 
In these Conditions, a Relevant Resolution Authority means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada 
Bancaria (FROB), the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing 
Power (as defined in Condition 18 (Loss Absorbing Power)) from time to time.  
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the 
prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations), having given not less than 5 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  In these Conditions, Optional Redemption Date means any date so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive.  In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will: 
(i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and  
(ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in either case, in compliance with applicable law.   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 143 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
143 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under any of Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) or 6.6 
(Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call. 
In particular, redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place 
after five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as a result of a change (or any pending 
change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking 
Regulations or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (including as a result of the implementation or 
applicability in Spain on or after the Issue Date of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined below)), the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (in particular, Articles 77 and 78 
of the CRR) in force at the relevant time and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator, if and 
as required pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 
calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is not 
or would likely not be eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or Group (but, in 
the case of partial ineligibility, only if early redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in such 
circumstances is permitted under then Applicable Banking Regulations) pursuant to then Applicable 
Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
as applicable to the Issuer). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and pursuant to Article 78(4) of the CRR, in the case of any 
redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years following their date of issuance due to 
the occurrence of a Capital Event, the following two conditions will have to be met in addition to 
meeting one of the conditions referred to in Article 78(1) of the CRR: (i) that the Regulator considers 
the change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable at their date of issuance.

--- Page 144 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
144 
 
 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event as 
a result of a change (or any pending change which the competent authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Spanish law or the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 78 and 78a of the CRR) in force at the relevant time and 
subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption).  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Eligible Liabilities Event means:  
(a) 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the 
determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding principal amount of such Notes will 
not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL 
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
for such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible Liabilities 
within prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations 
applicable in Spain);

--- Page 145 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
145 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except 
where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify to 
comply with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-
qualification is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where such 
ineligibility for inclusion of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the Eligible Liabilities or for Subordinated Notes to comply with the 
MREL Requirements arises as a result of (a) any legislation which gives effect to the EU Banking 
Reforms in the Kingdom of Spain differing in any respect from the EU Banking Reforms (including 
if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented 
in Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and including, in particular, a determination or interpretation of 
the existence of an embedded derivative against the literal terms of the last paragraph of Article 72a.2 
of CRR.  
Applicable MREL Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD 4, the BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
the MREL, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
BRRD 2 means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
CRD 5 Directive means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding

--- Page 146 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
146 
 
 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. 
CRR 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
EU Banking Reforms means the CRD 5 Directive, BRRD 2, CRR 2 and the SRM Regulation 2.  
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), the 
CRR, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and Eligible Liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in Spain. 
MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer.  
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer.  
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
SRM Regulation 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
6.6 
Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if 75 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Clean-Up Percentage) of 
the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche 
of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, subject in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in 
force and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), at any time, at its option, and having given not less than 5 nor 
more than 30 calendar days' notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), to the 
Noteholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on 
the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.

--- Page 147 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
147 
 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where Clean-Up Redemption Option has been specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms may be redeemed in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR.  
6.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.7 applies to Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, if specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if allowed under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 
78 and 78a of the CRR), which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.7 for 
full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date.  No such redemption option will be applicable to any Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, unless as permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6.7 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of 
such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes - Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form).  If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default).

--- Page 148 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
148 
 
 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) and 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, the purchase of the relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time and will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 

y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 




--- Page 149 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
149 
 
 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Purchases) above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) and 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.8(b) above as if the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Taxation in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes 
All payments in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (and their respective Coupons) by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts in respect of interest and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, principal (and 
premium, if any), as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
Ordinary Senior Notes, or their respective Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of Ordinary 
Senior Notes or their Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Senior Notes or 
their Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Ordinary Senior 
Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements including those specified in the

--- Page 150 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
150 
 
 
Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of a Zero Coupon Notes; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning the identity and tax residence of the holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to 
comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by Spanish Individuals is forbidden in 
all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such 
transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any 
Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
7.2 
Taxation in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes 
All payments in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of interest (but not in respect of payments of principal or any premium) 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Senior Non-Preferred and 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
amount of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Senior Non-
Preferred and Subordinated Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements 
including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate 
General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a 
withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of a Zero Coupon Notes; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholder's identity 
and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be

--- Page 151 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
151 
 
 
implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made 
by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by Spanish Individuals is forbidden in 
all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such 
transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any 
Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
See "Taxation – Spain – Simplified information procedures" for a fuller description of certain tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, the formalities which must be followed in order to claim 
exemption from withholding tax and for a description of certain disclosure requirements imposed on 
the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default relating to the Notes 
If: 
(a) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Additional Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9.2 (Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes)) occurs and is 
continuing, 
(each an Event of Default), then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest 
then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the relevant Notes shall, when permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all accrued interest thereon without

--- Page 152 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
152 
 
 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Notes to the contrary.  
Except as contemplated under Condition 9.1(a) above and unless it is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that Additional Events of Default apply, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these 
purposes includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will under no 
circumstances be entitled to declare any Notes due and payable, it being therefore understood that the 
adoption of any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
(or a moratorium) or the non performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes will not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
9.2 
Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 9.2(a) only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes, in addition to Condition 9.1 (Events of 
Default relating to the Notes), if so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Ordinary Senior Notes and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
If this Condition 9.2(a) applies, each of the following events shall be an Additional Event of Default: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, the Deed of Covenant and such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days or after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period; or 
(B) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Relevant Subsidiaries or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has 
occurred) any person entitled to such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in sub-paragraph 
(A) and/or sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(iv) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount which individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(v) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including 
the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or 
other similar person) provided that the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such

--- Page 153 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
153 
 
 
Security Interest relates either individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except in any such case for 
the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) or the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vii) 
Insolvency proceedings: (i)(A) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent 
court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it, and in 
respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such 
Relevant Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (except in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted 
Reorganisation); or (B) an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
(or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them; or (C) an encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries); or (D) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and (ii) in any case is 
or are not discharged within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or  
(ix) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of 
Covenant, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of Spain or 
England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or  
(x) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 9:  
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stocks, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital. 
Permitted Reorganisation means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has been 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a financial institution 
(entidad de crédito) under Article 1 of Law 10/2014 (or any other law or regulation which

--- Page 154 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
154 
 
 
may replace it in the future), as amended and restated and (B) has a rating for long-term senior 
debt assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH equivalent to or higher than the 
rating for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation; and  
(b) 
with respect to a Relevant Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) is on a 
solvent basis. 
When related to a Relevant Subsidiary, an Event of Default shall only be considered as such when the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such event, 
where: materially weaker shall mean that two of the four Rating Agencies modify at least by three 
lower notches the rating previously applied to the Issuer; and Rating Agencies shall mean S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
Relevant Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the Group 
as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the 
case may be) of such Subsidiary and the most recently published audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues 
of the Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated 
accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, no consolidated accounts are 
prepared and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated gross revenues shall be 
determined on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need not be audited) of 
the relevant Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if (A) any Subsidiary shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason 
produce audited accounts or (B) any Subsidiary shall not have produced at the relevant time 
for the calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period 
as the period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer relate, then there 
shall be substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such 
Subsidiary for such period; 
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Issuer there shall be excluded from all 
calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any Subsidiary to or by 
the Issuer and any Subsidiary shall be excluded; and

--- Page 155 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
155 
 
 
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to 
any relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such 
financial items. 
9.3 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are 
stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section (the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure and the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes, as appropriate), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
10. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any or all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under 
or in connection with any Note (the Waived Set-Off Rights) against any right, claim, or liability the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note) and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, 
such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have 
taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 10 is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or 
that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition 10. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require and in accordance with applicable law.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 156 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
156 
 
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor paying agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) if the rules 
of the exchange on which the Bearer Notes are listed so require, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (b) if 
and for so long as the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin, on the Euronext Dublin's website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant

--- Page 157 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
157 
 
 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Noteholders and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons present whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented by him or them, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes any matter defined in the Agency Agreement 
as a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification of certain of these Conditions (including 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the nominal amount or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons present holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned meeting not 
less than one-third, of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal 
Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 158 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
158 
 
 
15.2 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of, the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or  
(b) 
any modification (except a Basic Terms Modification (being a matter in respect of which an 
increased quorum is required as mentioned above)) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Principal 
Paying Agent agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations and subject to the approval of relevant 
governmental authority or agency (if any), the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) may, with respect to any Series 
of Notes issued by it (the Relevant Notes), without the further consent of the Noteholders but, 
subject to such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations), be replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned 
Subsidiaries as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed of 
Covenant (the Substituted Debtor), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) and the Substituted Debtor have 
granted or entered into a deed poll and such other documents (the Documents) as are 
necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken 
in favour of each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the debtor in respect of 
such Notes in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17) and 
pursuant to which the Issuer shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the New 
Guarantee) in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted 
Debtor as such principal debtor with the Issuer's obligations under the New Guarantee ranking 
pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes prior to the substitution becoming 
effective; 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Residence) other 
than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes (the

--- Page 159 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
159 
 
 
Former Residence) the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an 
undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with references to the New 
Residence.  The Documents also contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which arise by 
reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 17 and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any 
political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or 
is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iv) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and for the performance by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the Documents and that 
all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange (of the Issuer or the Substituted Debtor is otherwise satisfied of the 
same); 
(vi) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the 
Substituted Debtor and the country which laws governs this Programme, confirming, as 
appropriate, that upon the substitution taking place the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their 
terms; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the 
Documents that upon the substitution taking place the Documents (including the New 
Guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in England that upon the substitution 
taking place the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of 
the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto 
under English law; 
(ix) 
any rating agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant Notes shall have 
confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the credit rating 
of the Relevant Notes will remain the same or be improved; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Relevant Notes and any Coupons and the Documents; and

--- Page 160 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
160 
 
 
(xi) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the applicable 
laws. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substituted 
Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the 
Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) under the Relevant Notes and any 
related Coupons or Talons and the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant with the 
same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the principal debtor in place of the 
Issuer herein, and the Issuer or any previous substitute under these provisions shall, upon the 
execution of the Documents be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and any 
related Coupons or Talons and under the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) above, the Substituted Debtor may, without 
the further consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified 
in Condition 17(a) and 17(b) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor.  
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) above any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the further consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent for so long as 
any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Debtor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated or settled or discharged.  Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
18. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWER 
18.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 18 includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due;

--- Page 161 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
161 
 
 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
18.3 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes. No failure or delay by the Issuer to 
deliver a notice to the Noteholders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power. 
18.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) none of 
the Agents shall be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement 
shall impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of 
any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to less than the 
total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant 
to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.  
18.6 
Condition Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder. 
18.7 
No Event of Default 
None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amount Due, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer or the exercise of 
the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or otherwise constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholders to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived.  
18.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition 18:

--- Page 162 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
162 
 
 
Amounts Due means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 7 (Taxation).  
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Loss Absorbing Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and 
any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time, including by the SRM 
Regulation 2, the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can 
be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but not 
limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) and as 
amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Loss 
Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of 
their parent or holding companies. 
19. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
19.1 
This Condition 19.1 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes under Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to giving not 
less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) and the Principal Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date for 
substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Regulator 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes.  Such substitution or variation shall be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders.  
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept 
the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority 
to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the

--- Page 163 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
163 
 
 
Noteholder which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes.  
19.2 
In the Conditions: 
An Alignment Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in, or amendment to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or interpretation thereof, that results 
in the requirements for Ordinary Senior Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments and for Subordinated Notes to to comply with MREL Requirements being different in any 
respect from the Conditions, provided that if an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute an Alignment Event also constitutes an Eligible Liabilities Event, it will be treated as an 
Eligible Liabilities Event and will not constitute an Alignment Event.  
Eligible Liabilities means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in Applicable 
MREL Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes.  
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as applicable) provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) and the Principal Paying Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in 
the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a 
variation of the Notes, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, contain 
terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
contain terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (iii) in the case of Senior Subordinated 
Notes contain terms which comply with the then current MREL Requirements, in each case 
as embodied in the Applicable MREL Regulations; and (iv) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, as embodied in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and (ii) in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event or an early redemption right for taxation reasons 
according to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and

--- Page 164 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
164 
 
 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any change in the governing law of the Notes from English law to 
Spanish law so that the English Law Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes shall not be 
subject to the requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the 
English Law Notes, and (ii) any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 
3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) resulting from any such substitution or 
modification (including, inter alia, through the removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be 
materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes 
following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing law 
The status of the Notes, the capacity of the Issuer, the relevant corporate resolutions and the provisions 
relating to the exercise and effect of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and the acknowledgment of the same are governed by Spanish law.  The Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes (save as provided above), the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  The Notes are issued in 
accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish company law. 
21.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 21.2(c) and 21.2(d) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the above, each of the Issuer and any Noteholder submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in particular, to the venue of the city of Valencia, in relation 
to any dispute arising out of or in connection with the application of any Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (a Bail-in Dispute). Each of the Issuer and any 
Noteholder in relation to a Bail-in Dispute further waives any objection to the Spanish courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in 
Dispute.

--- Page 165 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
165 
 
 
(d) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes (other than a Bail-in Dispute), take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints CaixaBank, S.A., United Kingdom Branch at 8th floor, 63 St Mary Axe, London 
EC3A 8AA, as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation 
to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of CaixaBank, S.A., United Kingdom Branch being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 166 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
166 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SPANISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes, if so specified in Part A – Contractual 
Terms of the Final Terms, which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) 
and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by CaixaBank, S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note either in bearer form (a Bearer Global Note) or 
in registered form (a Registered Global Note) (a Bearer Global Note and/or a Registered Global Note 
(as the context may require), a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any Bearer Notes (as defined below) in definitive form (definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange 
for a Bearer Global Note; and  
(d) 
any Registered Notes (as defined below) in definitive form (definitive Registered Notes) (whether or 
not issued in exchange for a Registered Global Note). 
Notes will be issued in either bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered form (Registered Notes). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 18 April 2023 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent), and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar (as defined below), the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents), BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include 
any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Registrar, the Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes, have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes which have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on 
issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue.

--- Page 167 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
167 
 
 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or replaced. 
In the Conditions: 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
Calculation Agent means the Principal Paying Agent, or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount and such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to an entity, any entity controlled by that first person entity where control is 
determined in accordance with Regulation 43 of Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain as 
amended from time to time (Norma 43 de la Circular 4/2017, de 27 de noviembre, del Banco de España), 
whether any such entity is a financial institution or not. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Ordinary Senior Note will be deemed to be eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements even if it is not so eligible provided that its ineligibility arises solely as a result of the 
circumstances described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (iv) of the definition of Eligible Liabilities Event.

--- Page 168 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
168 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note (which term includes 
a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms) or a Zero 
Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note and, in the case of a Senior Note, an 
Ordinary Senior Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, and in the case of a Subordinated Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be required 
to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer or such registered holder (as applicable) 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the above, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note 
(or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day, each account holder which has Notes represented by such Global Note credited to 
its securities accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and will acquire all those rights that it would 
have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and authenticated definitive Notes in respect of the 
relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all payments due at any time in respect of the 
relevant Notes) under the provisions of this Condition 1 and the relevant Global Note and, from that

--- Page 169 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
169 
 
 
time, the bearer of the Global Note will have no further rights under such Global Note (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer or any other person may have as a holder of Notes other than 
the Global Note).  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for definitive Registered Notes or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a definitive Registered Note 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being scheduled to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a definitive Registered Note, a new definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption  
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail

--- Page 170 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
170 
 
 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes (Ordinary Senior Notes) or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, the 
Senior Notes), and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes (Senior 
Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and together with 
the Senior Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes).  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power (as defined in Condition 18). The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting 
arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither 
secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the ranking of the claims 
under the Notes.  
3.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Ordinary Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios). 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Ordinary Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the 
Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of 
the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the Conditions: 
Insolvency Law means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de 
crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as amended by RDL 7/2021). 
RDL 7/2021 means Royal Decree-Lay 7/2021, of 27 April, on implementation of European Directives 
(Real Decreto-ley 7/2021, de 27 de abril, de transposición de directivas de la Unión Europea en las 
materias de competencia, prevención del blanqueo de capitales, entidades de crédito, 
telecomunicaciones, medidas tributarias, prevención y reparación de daños medioambientales, 
desplazamiento de trabajadores en la prestación de servicios transnacionales y defensa de los 
consumidores).

--- Page 171 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
171 
 
 
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary claims 
(créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any non-
preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to Ordinary Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law.  
Ordinary claims rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits 
with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary claims.  
Ordinary claims rank above non-preferred ordinary claims, subordinated claims and the rights of 
shareholders.  
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest under Ordinary Senior Notes shall 
be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of holders of 
Ordinary Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, 
junior to claims on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than liabilities qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments).  
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) under Additional 
Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015.  It is expressly stated for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.2 of 
Law 11/2015 that, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank below 
any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) (other than non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes)) against the Issuer and accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any such other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) 
(other than non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)) against the Issuer. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to comply with the requirements of Article 72b of CRR so 
that they qualify as eligible liability instruments for the purposes of Article 72a of CRR.  Accordingly, 
as set out in Article 72a of CRR, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be considered as debt 
instruments with embedded derivatives solely because of any Issuer Call or Investor Put for the 
purposes of Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future);

--- Page 172 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
172 
 
 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) as defined 
in the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. Non-preferred ordinary claims 
rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa), credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) and the rest of ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) which shall be 
paid in full before non-preferred ordinary claims. Non-preferred ordinary claims rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest under Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, 
junior to claims on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than liabilities qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments). 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Subordinated Notes 
in the applicable Final Terms (which may be, in turn, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer.  In accordance with the 
Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that 
may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank 
as follows: 
(a) 
for so long as the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes do 
not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
principal thereunder would rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, 
to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other contractually subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in respect of principal under 
instruments which do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior

--- Page 173 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
173 
 
 
Non-Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
for so long as the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer thereunder would 
rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted 
by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under Tier 2 Instruments; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments, and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or 
by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under Tier 2 Instruments; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); (ii) any subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under instruments which do not constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments (such as the Senior Subordinated 
Notes, if and as applicable); and (iii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted 
by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under Tier 2 Instruments. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the basis that 
such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group.  Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis that such 
Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
In the Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 4, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution 
and/or solvency then in effect of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, in each case 
to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group). 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means any instrument of the Issuer constituting an Additional Tier 1 
Capital instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.3º of Law 11/2015. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come 
into effect in place thereof (including the BRRD 2), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 
(as amended by RDL 7/2021) and RD 1012/2015 (as amended by RD 1041/2021), as amended or

--- Page 174 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
174 
 
 
replaced from time to time and including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRD 4 means any or any combination of the CRD 4 Directive, the CRR, and any CRD 4 Implementing 
Measures. 
CRD 4 Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (in all 
cases, as amended from time to time, including by the CRD 5 Directive). 
CRD 4 Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 4 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, 
the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on 
a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
as amended from time to time, RD 84/2015, as amended from time to time, and any other regulation, 
circular or guidelines implementing CRD 4 (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time, including by CRR 2). 
Law 10/2014 means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de 
crédito), as amended from time to time. 
RD 1012/2015 means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (Real 
Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de 
recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que 
se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 84/2015 means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, 
supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 1041/2021 means Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November, amending Royal Decree 2606/1996, 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 and Royal Decree 2606/1996 (Real Decreto 1041/2021, de 23 de noviembre, 
por el que se modifican el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de 
depósitos de entidades de crédito; y el Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se 
desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de 
diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito). 
Regulator means the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority exercising primary 
bank supervisory authority, or any other entity or institution carrying out such duties on its/their behalf 
(including the Bank of Spain), in each case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer 
and/or the Group.

--- Page 175 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
175 
 
 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.  
Tier 2 Instrument means any instrument of the Issuer constituting a Tier 2 Capital instrument 
(instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and as 
referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.2º of Law 11/2015. 
Under Spanish Law, accrual of interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be suspended from the date 
of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Subordinated Noteholders in respect of interest 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims of the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law, read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015.   
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only or Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that this Condition 4.1 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) definitive 
Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are definitive Bearer Notes, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 176 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
176 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a definitive Bearer Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(c) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the interest period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
interest period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month

--- Page 177 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
177 
 
 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day a month, or (b) 
the last day of the interest period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and  
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or, if 
none, the Maturity Date (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 4.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 4.2 as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes.  The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall 
otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2.  Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset 
Period, adjusted as necessary;

--- Page 178 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
178 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the relevant Reset Determination Date for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the 
Reset Period; 
Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond 
Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such 
time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying 
the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date;  
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case 
calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is 
equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate

--- Page 179 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
179 
 
 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant 
Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are 
provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided.  If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided.  
If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-Swap Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page on or after the most recent Reset Date or, if none, the Issue Date, 
if any, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If no such Mid-Swap Rate is available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page (determined on the basis that the Reset Determination Date were the date on 
which the Mid-Swap Rate so last appeared);  
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank 
or financial institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if five or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) such 
quotations; or 
(b) 
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all such 
quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; or 
(d) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, where U.S. Treasury Rate 
does not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate, the Initial Reference Rate and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate, the Reset Reference Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
or where U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the third paragraph in the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate; 
Reset Reference Rate means one of the (i) Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, 
(iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 180 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
180 
 
 
Sterling Reference Bond Rate means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as 
a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), on an annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date;  
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin 
for any Subsequent Reset Period, adjusted as necessary; and 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset Determination Date, 
the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the average of the yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period, for the five business days immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date and 
appearing under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” at the Reset Determination Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently published statistical release designated 
“H.15 Daily Update”, or any successor publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to 
constant maturity, under the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period; or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum 
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; or (3) if the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot 
be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (1) or (2) above, “U.S. Treasury Rate” means 
the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield 
on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most 
recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities 
adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available date 
preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release (or any 
successor release). 
(b) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth

--- Page 181 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
181 
 
 
London Business Day (where a London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter.  
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Reset Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 4.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only or Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that this Condition 4.3 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count 
Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified

--- Page 182 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
182 
 
 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.3(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (A) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (II) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (B) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (II) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor thereto (T2) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 183 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
183 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix 
(and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions)  as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (I) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (II) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, (I) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (II) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a)  
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b)  
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 184 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
184 
 
 
(c)  
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Applicable Business Days, Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, Lockout Period 
Business Days, Overnight Rate Averaging Method, Averaging with Lookback, 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing EURIBOR, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 185 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
185 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 4.3(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 4.3(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(E) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F) below, as applicable: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily €STR Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“€STR Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(D) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.3(b)(iii): 
Compounded Daily €STR means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily €STR as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 186 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
186 
 
 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
€STR Reference Rate means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, and 
subject to as provided in Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F) below, a reference rate equal 
to the daily €STR for such TARGET Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (the 
ECB's Website) (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise 
published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day 
(in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank 
or the successor administrator of such rate);  
€STRi means, in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi: 
 (y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(1)  
in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2)  
the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the €STR Reference Rate for such TARGET Business 
Dayi; 
€STRi-pTBD means:

--- Page 187 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
187 
 
 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a TARGET Business Dayi, €STR 
Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day falling p 
TARGET Business Days prior to such TARGET Business Dayi; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a TARGET Business Dayi, 
€STRi in respect of such TARGET Business Dayi;  
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
ni, for any TARGET Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Business Dayi up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Business Day;  
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where “Lag” or “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, two 
TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) where "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; 
Reference Day means each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a TARGET Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
TARGET Business Day or TBD means any day on which T2 is open; and 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any 
successor thereto; 
Compounded Daily €STR Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the €STR as a 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) by reference to the screen rate or index

--- Page 188 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
188 
 
 
for compounded daily €STR rates administered by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) that is 
published or displayed on the website of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) or any successor source from time to time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
€STR Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which €STR Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day 
in relation to which €STR Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
p means two TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
€STR Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
€STR Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period;  
€STR Compounded IndexEnd means with respect to an Interest Period, the 
€STR Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
TARGET Business Day or TBD means any day on which T2 is open; and 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any 
successor thereto; and 
Weighted Average €STR means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the €STR Reference 
Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a TARGET Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET 
Business immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of 
such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be 
the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these

--- Page 189 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
189 
 
 
purposes, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of any calendar day which is 
not a TARGET Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(E) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(B), if the relevant €STR Compounded Index is not published or 
displayed by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, if later, 
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period for 
which the €STR Compounded Index is not available in accordance with Condition 
4.3(b)(iii)(A) above and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Shift”. 
(F) 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, unless both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, and both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
€STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator) (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that: 
I. 
if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references 
to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB's Website (the EDFR) on such TARGET Business Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate 
and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the 
EDFR Spread); and 
II. 
if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
"€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Business Day plus 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended

--- Page 190 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
190 
 
 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined at the last 
preceding €STR Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding €STR 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references 
to €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date 
than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest published EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread. 
As used in this Condition 4.3(b)(iii)(F): 
I. 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(x)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; or 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
II. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
III. 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 191 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
191 
 
 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
IV. 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided. 
(G) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(D) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(E) below, as applicable. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 192 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
192 
 
 
 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 193 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
193 
 
 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, two London Banking Days or such 
greater number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) where 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
zero; 
Reference Day means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that 
is not a London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
SONIA reference rate, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day); 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Dayi: 
 (y)  
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Dayi; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIA reference rate in respect of the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Dayi; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such 
London Banking Dayi. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions:

--- Page 194 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
194 
 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
 
where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means two London Banking Days or such other number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of the Conditions: 
Weighted Average SONIA means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Banking 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or

--- Page 195 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
195 
 
 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of 
such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to 
be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is 
not a London Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(B) above, if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not 
published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other 
information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the 
Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in 
accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(iv)(A) above and for these purposes the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(E) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
reference rate shall be: 
I. 
(a) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (a) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined or (b) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
follow such guidance to determine the SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA 
reference rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 4.3(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be

--- Page 196 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
196 
 
 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(v)(A) or Condition 4.3(b)(v)(B) below, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(v)(D) below: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Compound”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Compounded Daily SOFR means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal 
to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
I. 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 197 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
197 
 
 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Lookback Period means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days or 
such other number of days as specified as “p” in the applicable Final Terms; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
(pUSBD), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and including, the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period; 
II. 
if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 198 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
198 
 
 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
that is the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
III. 
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Interest Payment Dates shall be the dates occurring the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes become due and 
payable; 
Interest Payment Delay means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 199 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
199 
 
 
Interest Determination Date shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi; and 
SOFRi means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi. 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with 
respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Notes become due and payable, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date. 
IV. 
if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
dc means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Observation Shift Days means two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR IndexFinal means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 200 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
200 
 
 
SOFR IndexInitial means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
SOFR means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the SOFR Determination Time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on the immediately following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, 
if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Screen Page); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the 
period from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next 
occurring Interest Period End Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For 
these purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; 
SOFR Cut-Off Date means, unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such Interest

--- Page 201 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
201 
 
 
Period (or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 4.3(b)(v)(A) to 4.3(b)(v)(B) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in 
Condition 4.3(b)(v)(D) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all 
determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Issuer will appoint an agent (the Replacement Rate Determination Agent) 
which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer, 
(z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the 
Issuer determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) or Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
(as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection 
with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for 
interest rate derivatives published from time to time;

--- Page 202 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
202 
 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series, 
as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as applicable in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Benchmark means (a) (unless “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 4.3(b)(v)(C) above); 
SOFR Replacement means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent), 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in accordance with: 
(x) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(y) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set 
forth below: 
(1) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(2) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(3) 
Industry Replacement, 
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant

--- Page 203 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
203 
 
 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a 
subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives means: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement); 
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the ISDA Fallback Replacement); or 
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Industry Replacement); 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);

--- Page 204 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
204 
 
 
SOFR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(x) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (x) or (y) of the definition of “SOFR Transition 
Event” the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(y) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (z) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(z) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (aa), the last such consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (x) or (y) above, should such event or circumstance 
referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than 
three months after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
SOFR Transition Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,

--- Page 205 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
205 
 
 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(z) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(aa) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.  
(E) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing TONA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is TONA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(A), Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(B) or 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(C) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(E) and 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(F) below, as applicable: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily TONA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“TONA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest

--- Page 206 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
206 
 
 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(D) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4.3(b)(vi): 
Compounded Daily TONA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in Japanese Yen (with the daily TONA as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
I. 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
II. 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Tokyo Banking Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period); 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;

--- Page 207 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
207 
 
 
ni, for any Tokyo Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following Tokyo 
Banking Day;  
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, (i) in respect of an Interest Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, five 
Tokyo Banking Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) in respect of an Interest Period where "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
zero; 
Reference Day means each Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a Tokyo Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA reference rate, means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily TONA rate for such Tokyo Banking Day as 
provided by the a Bank of Japan and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors (in each case on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day);  
TONAi means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Dayi: 
(x)  if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TONA reference rate in respect of pTBD in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi; or 
(y)  if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any Tokyo Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, 
the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(z)  if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TONA reference rate for such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
TONAi-pTBD means:

--- Page 208 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
208 
 
 
(x)  if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in respect of the 
Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to such Tokyo 
Banking Dayi (pTBD); or 
(y)  if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in respect of 
such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
Compounded Daily TONA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Yen (with the daily TONA as a 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) by reference to the screen rate or index 
for compounded daily TONA rates administered by the administrator of the TONA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the TONA Compounded Index) and will be 
calculated as follows: 
( 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 365
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which TONA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day 
in relation to which TONA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
p means two Tokyo Banking Days or such larger number of days as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
TONA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
TONA Compounded IndexEnd means with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
Weighted Average TONA means: 
I. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the TONA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the TONA reference 
rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a Tokyo Banking Day shall be 
deemed to be the TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; or

--- Page 209 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
209 
 
 
II. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the TONA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest Period, 
the TONA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
TONA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a Tokyo 
Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
TONA reference rate in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(E) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(b)(vi)(B), if the relevant TONA Compounded Index is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the TONA reference rate or other information 
service by 5.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-
prevailing operational procedures of the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for the Interest Period for which the TONA Compounded Index is not 
available in accordance with Condition 4C.08(A) above and for these purposes the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(F) 
If the TONA reference rate is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the TONA reference rate for such 
Tokyo Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the Tokyo Overnight Average published 
by the administrator of the TONA reference rate on the Relevant Screen Page for the 
last preceding Tokyo Banking Day on which the Tokyo Overnight Average was 
published by the administrator of TONA on the Relevant Screen Page. 
(G) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vii) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be calculated by the relevant Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions set out below and the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin  
As used above: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes means Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified to be the CMS Rate. 
CMS Rate shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per

--- Page 210 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
210 
 
 
annum) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the relevant Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation 
for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If three or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For this purpose: 
Margin has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the 
Issuer. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined 
by the relevant Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the 
ISDA Definitions; 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of 
six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA 
with a designated maturity of three months;

--- Page 211 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
211 
 
 
(C) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual 
fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three 
months; and 
(D) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
Relevant Time has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) definitive 
Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or (B) such definitive Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are definitive Bearer Notes, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 212 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
212 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a definitive Bearer Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 213 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
213 
 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 214 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
214 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal 
Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.3 by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SOFR, when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determining, no later than three Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4.4(a) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(c) below).

--- Page 215 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
215 
 
 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner): 
(i) 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4); 
or 
(ii) 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4.4 above). 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, do not agree on the selection 
of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Conditions 4.2 (Interest 
on Fixed Reset Notes) and 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be, shall continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.4(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4.4(a). 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.4 and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.4(d) below, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4.4(c) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 216 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
216 
 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(c), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or Eligible Liabilities, in each 
case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date (including any Reset Date) 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) any Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 4.4; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor or Alternative Rate and any Adjustment Spread. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Principal Paying Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying 
Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in

--- Page 217 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
217 
 
 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.4(a) to (d) above, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2 (Interest on Fixed Reset 
Notes) and 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, 
will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 4.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread or quantum (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital market transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such spread, quantum, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with 
(i) to (iii) above, the Issuer, in its discretion and following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate period in the Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(c) above. 
Benchmark Event means:

--- Page 218 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
218 
 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the Specified Future Date) (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a Specified Future 
Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.4, 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group

--- Page 219 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
219 
 
 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Paying Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).

--- Page 220 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
220 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to payments)) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 3 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8 
(Prescription)) or, if later, 3 years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose original nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the original nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Bearer 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) in the case of Registered Global Notes, at the close of 
the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) in the case of definitive Registered Notes, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due

--- Page 221 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
221 
 
 
date.  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with 
a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of 
payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) in the case of Registered Global Notes, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) in the case of definitive Registered Notes, 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before 
the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 222 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
222 
 
 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes only, the relevant place of presentation; or 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.8); 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal 
amount or (ii) such percentage of its principal amount to be determined by the Issuer as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 223 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
223 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes (including Zero Coupon Notes that have the condition of 
Senior Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) will have an original maturity of at least one year from 
their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (including Zero Coupon Notes that have the condition of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of effective 
disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to 
time by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note); or  
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note),  
on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of any payment of interest 
to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or 
(iii) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer (i) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, (ii) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the materially affected 
applicable tax treatment. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
(i) deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a

--- Page 224 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
224 
 
 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) use its best efforts to deliver to the Principal Paying 
Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
a copy of the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to redemption, if 
and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 78 and 78a 
of the CRR) in force at the relevant time. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and pursuant to Article 78(4) of the CRR, in the case of any 
redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for tax reasons during the five years following their date of 
issuance, the Issuer will have to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the change is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance in addition to meeting one of 
the conditions referred to in Article 78(1) of the CRR. 
In these Conditions, a Relevant Resolution Authority means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada 
Bancaria (FROB), the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing 
Power (as defined in Condition 18 (Loss Absorbing Power)) from time to time.  
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the 
prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations), having given not less than 5 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In these Conditions, Optional Redemption Date means any date so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will:

--- Page 225 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
225 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and  
(ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in either case, in compliance with applicable law.   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under any of Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) or 6.6 
(Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call.   
In particular, redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place 
after five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as a result of a change (or any pending 
change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking 
Regulations or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (including as a result of the implementation or 
applicability in Spain on or after the Issue Date of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined below)), the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (in particular, Articles 77 and 78 
of the CRR) in force at the relevant time and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator, if and 
as required pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 
calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is not 
or would likely not be eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or Group (but, in 
the case of partial ineligibility, only if early redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in such 
circumstances is permitted under then Applicable Banking Regulations) pursuant to then Applicable 
Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
as applicable to the Issuer).

--- Page 226 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
226 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and pursuant to Article 78(4) of the CRR, in the case of any 
redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years following their date of issuance due to 
the occurrence of a Capital Event, the following two conditions will have to be met in addition to 
meeting one of the conditions referred to in Article 78(1) of the CRR: (i) that the Regulator considers 
the change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable at their date of issuance. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event as 
a result of a change (or any pending change which the competent authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Spanish law or the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 78 and 78a of the CRR) in force at the relevant time and 
subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption).  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Eligible Liabilities Event means:  
(a) 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the 
determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding principal amount of such Notes will 
not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL 
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or

--- Page 227 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
227 
 
 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
for such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible Liabilities 
within prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations 
applicable in Spain);  
(b) 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except 
where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify to 
comply with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-
qualification is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where such 
ineligibility for inclusion of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the Eligible Liabilities or for Subordinated Notes to comply with the 
MREL Requirements arises as a result of (a) any legislation which gives effect to the EU Banking 
Reforms in the Kingdom of Spain differing in any respect from the EU Banking Reforms (including 
if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented 
in Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and including, in particular, a determination or interpretation of 
the existence of an embedded derivative against the literal terms of the last paragraph of Article 72a.2 
of CRR.  
Applicable MREL Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD 4, the BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
the MREL, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements,

--- Page 228 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
228 
 
 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
BRRD 2 means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
CRD 5 Directive means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. 
CRR 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
EU Banking Reforms means the CRD 5 Directive, BRRD 2, CRR 2 and the SRM Regulation 2.  
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), the 
CRR, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and Eligible Liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in Spain. 
MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer.  
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer.  
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
SRM Regulation 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
6.6 
Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if 75 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Clean-Up Percentage) of 
the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche 
of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, subject in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable

--- Page 229 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
229 
 
 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in 
force and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), at any time, at its option, and having given not less than 5 nor 
more than 30 calendar days' notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), to the 
Noteholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on 
the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where Clean-Up Redemption Option has been specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms may be redeemed in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR.  
6.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.7 applies to Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, if specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if allowed under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations, and in particular, Articles 77, 
78 and 78a of the CRR), which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.7 for 
full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date.  No such redemption option will be applicable to any Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, unless as permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6.7 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of 
such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes - Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form).  If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time.

--- Page 230 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
230 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) and 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, the purchase of the relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time and will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 

y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 




--- Page 231 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
231 
 
 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Purchases) above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) and 6.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.8(b) above as if the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Taxation in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes 
All payments in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (and their respective Coupons) by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts in respect of interest and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, principal (and 
premium, if any), as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
Ordinary Senior Notes or their respective Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of Ordinary 
Senior Notes or their Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Senior Notes or 
their Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on

--- Page 232 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
232 
 
 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Ordinary Senior 
Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements including those specified in the 
Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of a Zero Coupon Notes; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning the identity and tax residence of the holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to 
comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by Spanish Individuals is forbidden in 
all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such 
transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any 
Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
7.2 
Taxation in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes 
All payments in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of interest (but not in respect of payments of principal or any premium) 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Senior Non-Preferred and 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
amount of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Senior 
Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes do not comply with applicable exemption 
requirements including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the 
Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made; or

--- Page 233 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
233 
 
 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of a Zero Coupon Notes; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholder's identity 
and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be 
implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made 
by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes, to or by Spanish Individuals is forbidden in 
all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such 
transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any 
Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
See "Taxation – Spain – Simplified information procedures" for a fuller description of certain tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, the formalities which must be followed in order to claim 
exemption from withholding tax and for a description of certain disclosure requirements imposed on 
the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
To the extent that Article 950 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio) applies to the 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), claims for payment in respect of Notes and Coupons will 
become void unless made within a period of three years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default relating to the Notes 
If: 
(a) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Additional Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9.2 (Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes)) occurs and is 
continuing,

--- Page 234 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
234 
 
 
(each an Event of Default), then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest 
then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the relevant Notes shall, when permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all accrued interest thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Notes to the contrary.  
Except as contemplated under Condition 9.1(a) above and unless it is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that Additional Events of Default apply, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these 
purposes includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will under no 
circumstances be entitled to declare any Notes due and payable, it being therefore understood that the 
adoption of any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
(or a moratorium) or the non performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes will not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
9.2 
Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes  
(a) 
This Condition 9.2(a) only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes, in addition to Condition 9.1 
(Events of Default relating to the Notes), if so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable to the Ordinary Senior Notes and references to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If this Condition 9.2(a) applies, each of the following events shall be an Additional Event of Default: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Agency 
Agreement, and such default remains unremedied for 30 days or after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period; or 
(B) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior 
to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case 
may be) the Relevant Subsidiaries or (provided that no event of default, 
howsoever described, has occurred) any person entitled to such Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in sub-paragraph 
(A) and/or sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(iv) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount which individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Relevant

--- Page 235 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
235 
 
 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(v) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including 
the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or 
other similar person) provided that the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such 
Security Interest relates either individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except in any such case for 
the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) or the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vii) 
Insolvency proceedings: (i)(A) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent 
court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it, and in 
respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such 
Relevant Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (except in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted 
Reorganisation); or (B) an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
(or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them; or (C) an encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries); or (D) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and (ii) in any case is 
or are not discharged within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or  
(ix) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that 
those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the 
Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of Spain or England is not taken, fulfilled or 
done; or  
(x) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 9:  
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stocks, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital.

--- Page 236 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
236 
 
 
Permitted Reorganisation means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has been 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a financial institution 
(entidad de crédito) under Article 1 of Law 10/2014 (or any other law or regulation which 
may replace it in the future), as amended and restated and (B) has a rating for long-term senior 
debt assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH equivalent to or higher than the 
rating for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation; and  
(b) 
with respect to a Relevant Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) is on a 
solvent basis. 
When related to a Relevant Subsidiary, an Event of Default shall only be considered as such when the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such event, 
where: materially weaker shall mean that two of the four Rating Agencies modify at least by three 
lower notches the rating previously applied to the Issuer; and Rating Agencies shall mean S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
Relevant Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the Group 
as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the 
case may be) of such Subsidiary and the most recently published audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues 
of the Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated 
accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, no consolidated accounts are 
prepared and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated gross revenues shall be 
determined on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need not be audited) of 
the relevant Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if (A) any Subsidiary shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason 
produce audited accounts or (B) any Subsidiary shall not have produced at the relevant time 
for the calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period 
as the period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer relate, then there 
shall be substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such 
Subsidiary for such period;

--- Page 237 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
237 
 
 
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Issuer there shall be excluded from all 
calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any Subsidiary to or by 
the Issuer and any Subsidiary shall be excluded; and 
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to 
any relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such 
financial items. 
9.3 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are 
stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section (the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure and the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes, as appropriate), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
10. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any or all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under 
or in connection with any Note (the Waived Set-Off Rights) against any right, claim, or liability the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note) and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, 
such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have 
taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 10 is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or 
that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition 10. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require and in accordance with applicable law.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 238 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
238 
 
 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor paying agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) if the rules 
of the exchange on which the Bearer Notes are listed so require, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (b) if 
and for so long as the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin, on the Euronext Dublin's website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 239 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
239 
 
 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Noteholders and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
(a) 
Convening of Meetings, Quorum, Adjourned Meetings 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a 
meeting of the Noteholders and if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the 
meeting the meeting may be convened by the relevant Noteholders.  Whenever the Issuer is 
about to convene any meeting it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Dealers of the day, time and place of the meeting which need not be a 
physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform, and of the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting.  
Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given 
to the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 14 (Notices).  The notice, which shall 
be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be transacted at 
the meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall either (i) specify the 
terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed or (ii) inform Noteholders that the terms 
of the Extraordinary Resolution are available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, 
provided that, in the case of (ii), such resolution is so available in its final form with effect on 
and from the date on which the notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid.  The 
notice shall include statements as to (i) the manner in which Noteholders may arrange for 
voting certificates or block voting instructions to be issued and, if applicable, appoint proxies

--- Page 240 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
240 
 
 
or representatives or (ii) inform Noteholders that details of the voting arrangements are 
available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, provided that, in the case of (ii) the 
final form of such details are so available with effect on and from the date on which the notice 
convening such meeting is given as aforesaid.  A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to 
the Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
(iii) 
The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall 
be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made or if at any meeting 
the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the 
meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be Chairperson failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson.  The Chairperson of an adjourned meeting need 
not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which the adjournment took 
place. 
(iv) 
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form a 
quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a 
Chairperson) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the 
commencement of business.  The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes any of the following matters (Basic Terms Modification, each of which shall only 
be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date (if any) of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of 
the nominal amount payable at maturity; or 
(B) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in respect of the Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes; or 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(E) 
modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(F) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 15.1(b)(ix)(F) 
below; or 
(G) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to Condition 15.1(a)(v) below, 
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(v) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be 
dissolved.  In any other case it shall be adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if that

--- Page 241 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
241 
 
 
day is a public holiday the next following business day) at the same time and place (except in 
the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days 
and at a place appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Principal Paying Agent).  If 
within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction 
of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may either dissolve the 
meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days (but without any maximum 
number of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after 
the adjourned meeting) and approved by the Principal Paying Agent, and the provisions of 
this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(vi) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum 
and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or 
other resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at 
the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been present 
provided that at any adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters 
specified in the proviso to Condition 15.1(a)(iv) above the quorum shall be one or more 
Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(vii) 
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be submitted shall 
be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if 21 were substituted for 
10 in Condition 15.1(a)(ii) above and the notice shall state the relevant quorum.  Subject to 
this it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
(b) 
Conduct of Business at Meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands 
and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands and on 
a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled 
as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) 
demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present (whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairperson that a resolution 
has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular 
majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of 
the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 15.1(b)(v) below, if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken 
in the manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll.  The demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place.  No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) 
have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

--- Page 242 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
242 
 
 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(vi) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting.  Subject to this, but without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of 
outstanding in Condition 15.1(c) below, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor 
shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or join with others in 
requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person.  No person shall be 
entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer.  Nothing contained in this paragraph shall prevent 
any of the proxies named in any block voting instruction from being a director, officer or 
representative of or otherwise connected with the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 15.1(b)(vi) above, at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of: 
I. 
each EUR 1.00; and 
II. 
in the case of a meeting of the holders of Notes denominated in a currency 
other than Euros, the equivalent of EUR 1.00 in that currency (calculated as 
specified in Condition 15.1(b)(xiii) below), 
or such other amount as the Principal Paying Agent shall in its absolute discretion 
specify in nominal amount of Notes in respect of which he is an Eligible Person. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies named in any block voting instruction, any 
person entitled to more than one vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes to which 
he is entitled in the same way. 
(viii) 
The proxies named in any block voting instruction need not be Noteholders. 
(ix) 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
quorum contained in Conditions 15.1(a)(iv) and 15.1(a)(vi) above), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders and Couponholders or any of them; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect 
of the rights of the Noteholders and Couponholders against the Issuer or against any 
of its property whether these rights arise under the Agency Agreement, the Notes or 
the Coupons or otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency 
Agreement or the Conditions, the Notes or the Coupons which is proposed by the 
Issuer (other than any change arising from the discontinuation of any interest rate 
benchmark used to determine the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes); 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this Schedule 
or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 243 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
243 
 
 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, 
shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations 
and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or 
into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as stated above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
(G) 
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons. 
(x) 
Any resolution (i) passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held (ii) passed 
as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way of electronic consents given by Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s), shall be binding upon all the Noteholders whether 
present or not present at the meeting referred to in Condition 15.1(b)(i) above and whether or 
not voting and upon all Couponholders and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the 
resolution accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the 
circumstances justify its passing.  Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly 
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
by the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
(xi) 
The expression Extraordinary Resolution when used herein means (a) a resolution passed 
at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of 
this Schedule by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting on 
the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority consisting 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll or (b) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all the Noteholders/the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more of the Noteholders or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on 
behalf of all the Noteholders/the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(xii) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered 
in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes 
signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings 
had shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary is 
proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall 
be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had 
at the meeting to have been duly passed or had. 
(xiii) 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Notes which are not denominated in euros, the 
nominal amount of such Notes shall: 
(A) 
for the purposes of Condition 15.1(a) above, be the equivalent in euros at the spot rate 
of a bank nominated by the Principal Paying Agent for the conversion of the relevant

--- Page 244 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
244 
 
 
currency or currencies into euros on the seventh dealing day before the day on which 
the written requirement to call the meeting is received by the Issuer; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of Conditions 15.1(a)(iv), 15.1(a)(vi) and 15.1(a)(vii) above (whether 
in respect of the meeting or any adjourned meeting or any poll), be the equivalent at 
that spot rate on the seventh dealing day before the day of the meeting, 
and, in all cases, the equivalent in euros of any Notes issued at a discount or a premium shall 
be calculated by reference to the original nominal amount of those Notes. 
In the circumstances set out above, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for 
each EUR 1.00 in nominal amount of the Notes (converted as above) which he holds or 
represents. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 15: 
(i) 
Eligible Person means those persons entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
Noteholders as stated in the relevant notice of meeting or pursuant to the relevant voting 
arrangements details of which are available from the Principal Paying Agent, in each case in 
accordance with Condition 15.1(a)(ii) above (being the relevant Noteholders or duly 
appointed proxies or representatives of such Noteholders);  
(ii) 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; and  
(iii) 
a relevant clearing system means, in respect of any Notes represented by a Global Note, any 
clearing system on behalf of which the Global Note is held or which is the bearer or (directly 
or through a nominee) registered owner of the Global Note, in each case whether alone or 
jointly with any other clearing system(s).  
15.2 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these purposes includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will be deemed to have expressly 
consented to any modification of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement pursuant to this 
Condition 15.2. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations and subject to the approval of relevant 
governmental authority or agency (if any), the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first

--- Page 245 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
245 
 
 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) may, with respect to any Series 
of Notes issued by it (the Relevant Notes), without the further consent of the Noteholders but, 
subject to such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations), be replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned 
Subsidiaries as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, Coupons and Talons (the 
Substituted Debtor), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) and the Substituted Debtor have 
granted or entered into such documents (the Documents) as are necessary to give effect to the 
substitution and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder 
of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 17) and pursuant to which the Issuer shall unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee (the New Guarantee) in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all 
sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor with the Issuer's obligations 
under the New Guarantee ranking pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
prior to the substitution becoming effective; 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Residence) other 
than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes (the 
Former Residence) the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an 
undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with references to the New 
Residence.  The Documents also contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which arise by 
reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 17 and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any 
political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or 
is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iv) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and for the performance by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the Documents and that 
all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed

--- Page 246 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
246 
 
 
on such stock exchange (of the Issuer or the Substituted Debtor is otherwise satisfied of the 
same); 
(vi) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the 
Substituted Debtor and the country which laws governs this Programme, confirming, as 
appropriate, that upon the substitution taking place the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their 
terms; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the 
Documents that upon the substitution taking place the Documents (including the New 
Guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom copies 
will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the 
Documents that upon the substitution taking place the Documents constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the parties thereto; 
(ix) 
any rating agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant Notes shall have 
confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the credit rating 
of the Relevant Notes will remain the same or be improved; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Documents; and 
(xi) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the applicable 
laws. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substituted 
Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the 
Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 17) under the Relevant Notes and any 
related Coupons or Talons and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer herein, and 
the Issuer or any previous substitute under these provisions shall, upon the execution of the 
Documents be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and any related Coupons 
or Talons and under the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) above, the Substituted Debtor may, without 
the further consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified 
in Conditions 17(a) and 17(b) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor.  
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) above any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the further consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent for so long as 
any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Debtor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally

--- Page 247 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
247 
 
 
adjudicated or settled or discharged.  Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(g) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to any 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 17.  
18. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWER 
18.1 
Exercise of Loss Absorbing Power and Acknowledgment  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited, by the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
18.3 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes.  No failure or delay by the Issuer to 
deliver a notice to the Noteholders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power. 
18.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) none of 
the Agents shall be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement 
shall impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of 
any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to less than the 
total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant 
to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.  
18.6 
No Event of Default 
None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amount Due, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer or the exercise of 
the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or otherwise constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation.

--- Page 248 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
248 
 
 
18.7 
Definitions 
In this Condition 18: 
Amounts Due means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 7 (Taxation).  
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Loss Absorbing Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and 
any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time, including by the SRM 
Regulation 2, the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity), 
including the Notes, can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Accordingly, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under 
the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(e) 
the amendment of the terms of the Notes. 
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but not 
limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) and as 
amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Loss 
Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of 
their parent or holding companies. 
19. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION  
19.1 
This Condition 19.1 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-

--- Page 249 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
249 
 
 
Preferred Notes under Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to giving not 
less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) and the Principal Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date for 
substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Regulator 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes.  Such substitution or variation shall be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders.  
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept 
the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority 
to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the 
Noteholder which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes.  
19.2 
In the Conditions: 
An Alignment Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in, or amendment to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or interpretation thereof, that results 
in the requirements for Ordinary Senior Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments and for Subordinated Notes to to comply with MREL Requirements being different in any 
respect from the Conditions, provided that if an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute an Alignment Event also constitutes an Eligible Liabilities Event, it will be treated as an 
Eligible Liabilities Event and will not constitute an Alignment Event.  
Eligible Liabilities means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in Applicable 
MREL Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes. 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as applicable) provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) and the Principal Paying Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in 
the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a 
variation of the Notes, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, contain 
terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
contain terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (iii) in the case of Senior Subordinated 
Notes contain terms which comply with the then current MREL Requirements, in each case

--- Page 250 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
250 
 
 
as embodied in the Applicable MREL Regulations; and (iv) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, as embodied in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and (ii) in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event or an early redemption right for taxation reasons 
according to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 
3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) resulting from any such substitution or 
modification (including, inter alia, through the removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be 
materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes 
following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish common law (Derecho civil 
común).  The Notes are issued in accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish companies 
law.  The Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the courts of Spain, in particular, the courts of the city of 
Valencia, have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such 
courts.

--- Page 251 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
251 
 
 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of the 
city of Valencia, Spain, on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 252 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
252 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes (including Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes) will be applied by the Issuer: 
(i) 
to finance the general financing requirements of the CaixaBank Group of which it forms a part; or 
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part: 
(i) 
Eligible Projects allocated to the Green Portfolio, in which case the relevant Notes will be 
identified as "Green Notes" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Eligible Projects allocated to the Social Portfolio, in which case the relevant Notes will be 
identified as "Social Notes" in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iii) Eligible Projects allocated to any of the Eligible Portfolios, in which case the relevant Notes will 
be identified as "Sustainability Notes" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria specified by CaixaBank as set out in the SDGs Funding 
Framework. 
Eligible Portfolios means any of the Green or Social Portfolios. 
Eligible Projects means new or existing loans, investments and expenditures meeting the Eligibility Criteria. 
Green Portfolio means Eligible Projects falling under the categories set out in the SDGs Funding Framework 
which are indicated to be ICMA GBP Categories, and, at any time, include any other "green" projects in 
accordance with any update of the ICMA Green Bond Principles at such time. 
ICMA Green Bond Principles means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
ICMA Social Bond Principles means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
SDGs Funding Framework means the latest Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Funding Framework 
published by CaixaBank for the purposes of issuing Green, Social or Sustainability Notes, available for 
viewing 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.caixabank.com/en/shareholders-investors/fixed-income-
investors/framework.html) (including as amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise updated on such 
website from time to time).  
The current SDGs Funding Framework of CaixaBank dated November 2022 addresses the four key pillars of 
the Green Bond Principles 2021, Social Bond Principles 2021 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, each 
published by the International Capital Market Association, which are (i) use of proceeds; (ii) process for project 
evaluation and selection; (iii) management of proceeds; and (iv) reporting. CaixaBank may amend, 
supplement, replace, update or withdraw the SDGs Funding Framework in the future. The SDGs Funding 
Framework, including any changes thereto, will be available on 
CaixaBank's website at 
https://www.caixabank.com/en/shareholders-investors/fixed-income-investors/framework.html.

--- Page 253 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
253 
 
 
The SDGs Funding Framework is subject to a second party opinion and the allocation of the net proceeds will 
be subject to external review, available at https://www.caixabank.com/en/shareholders-investors/fixed-
income-investors/framework.html.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the SDGs Funding Framework nor the second party opinion, nor any of 
the above reports, opinions or contents of any of the above websites are, nor shall either of them be deemed to 
be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Social Portfolio means Eligible Projects falling under the categories set out in the SDGs Funding Framework 
which are indicated to be ICMA SBP Categories, and, at any time, include any other "social" projects in 
accordance with any update of the ICMA Social Bond Principles at such time.

--- Page 254 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
254 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The description of the Issuer is set out in certain sections of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and 
of the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022, updated, when applicable, as stated below. These 
sections have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference", which provides a table reconciling the content of this section with the corresponding sections of 
the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and of the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2022). 
The description of the Issuer set out in the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and in the CaixaBank 
Group Management Report for 2022 is updated as follows:  
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
Recent Events 
€750 million Perpetual Non-Cumulative Contingent Convertible Additional Tier 1 Preferred Securities – 
March 2023 
On 13 March 2023, CaixaBank issued €750 million Perpetual Non-Cumulative Contingent Convertible 
Additional Tier 1 Preferred Securities.  
The remuneration of the preferred securities, which is discretionary and subject to certain conditions, is 8.25% 
until 13 September 2029; thereafter, it will be revised every five years by applying a spread of 514.2 basis 
points to the 5-year Mid Swap Rate. The preferred securities are perpetual, although they may be redeemed in 
certain circumstances at CaixaBank’s option, and, in any case, are to be converted into newly issued ordinary 
shares of CaixaBank if the CET1 ratio of CaixaBank or of the CaixaBank Group falls below 5.125%. The 
conversion price of the preferred securities would be the highest of: (i) the average of the daily volume-
weighted average prices of an ordinary share of CaixaBank on each of the five consecutive business days 
ending on the date on which the conversion event is announced, (ii) €2.701, and (iii) the nominal value of an 
ordinary share of CaixaBank at the time of conversion. 
The preferred securities have been admitted to trading on AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija. 
MREL Requirement 
On 16 March 2023 CaixaBank was notified by the Bank of Spain of its MREL requirement, as determined by 
the SRB. Please see "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers -Capital and 
Eligible Liabilities Requirements -Capital and MREL requirements of the Bank". 
Credit Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned the following debt ratings by the following 
credit rating agencies: 
Agency 
Review date 
Short-term rating 
Long-term rating 
Outlook 
Moody's 
25 January 2023 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
S&P Global 
25 April 2022 
A-2 
A- 
Stable 
Fitch 
30 June 2022 
F2 
BBB+ 
Stable 
DBRS 
14 March 2023 
R-1 (low) 
A 
Stable

--- Page 255 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
255 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors 
The table below sets out the names of the members of the Board of Director, their positions within CaixaBank 
and the nature of their membership: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
José Ignacio Goirigolzarri  
Chairman 
Executive 
Tomás Muniesa  
Deputy Chairman 
Proprietary(1) 
Gonzalo Gortázar  
CEO 
Executive 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz 
Lead Independent Director 
Independent 
Joaquín Ayuso  
Director 
Independent 
Francisco Javier Campo  
Director 
Independent 
Eva Castillo 
Director 
Independent 
Fernando María Ulrich 
Director 
Other external 
María Verónica Fisas  
Director 
Independent 
Cristina Garmendia  
Director 
Independent 
María Amparo Moraleda  
Director 
Independent 
Teresa Santero  
Director 
Proprietary(2) 
José Serna  
Director 
Propietary(3) 
Koro Usarraga  
Director 
Independent 
Óscar Calderón 
General Secretary and Secretary to the Board of 
Directors 
General Secretary and Secretary to the Board of Directors 
(non-director) 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary to the Board of Directors 
First Deputy Secretary to the Board of Directors (non-
director) 
Notes: 
(1) Shareholder represented: "la Caixa" Banking Fundation. 
(2) Shareholder represented: Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria (FROB) and BFA Tenedora de Acciones, S.A.U. (BFA). 
(3) Shareholder represented: "la Caixa" Banking Fundation. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4, 46002 Valencia, 
Spain. 
Additionally, the Shareholders' Ordinary General Meeting held on 31 March 2023 approved the appointment 
of Mr Peter Löscher (independent director) as new member of the Board of Directors, covering the vacancy 
left by Mr John S. Reed resignation, subject to verification of his suitability by the ECB. 
Conflicts of interest of directors with the Group 
Since 1 January 2023, no director has notified the Issuer of any situation that places him or her in a permanent 
conflict of interest with the Group. However, on the following occasions, directors abstained from intervening 
and voting in the deliberation of matters in sessions of the Board of Directors in accordance with article 228c) 
of the Spanish Corporations law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital):

--- Page 256 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
256 
 
 
 Director 
 
Conflict 
 
Mr José Ignacio Goirigolzarri  
(Chairman) 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the resolutions regarding the bonus scheme 
and individual business goals corresponding to 2022. 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the resolutions regarding his individual 
remuneration corresponding to 2023. 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the proposal of amending the Directors 
Remuneration Policy to be submitted to the General Shareholders Meeting, in relation to 
his remuneration as executive director. 
Mr Gonzalo Gortázar  
(CEO) 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the resolutions regarding the bonus scheme 
and individual business goals corresponding to 2022. 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the resolutions regarding his individual 
remuneration corresponding to 2023. 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the proposal of his reelection as Chief 
Executive Officer to be submitted to General Shareholders Meeting 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the proposal of amending the Directors 
Remuneration Policy to be submitted to the General Shareholders Meeting, in relation to 
his remuneration as executive director. 
Ms Cristina Garmendia 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the proposal of her reelection as director to 
be submitted to General Shareholders Meeting. 
Ms María Amparo Moraleda 
Abstention from deliberations and voting on the proposal of her reelection as director to 
be submitted to General Shareholders Meeting. 
 Ms Teresa Santero  
Abstention from deliberation and voting on the resolution regarding the signature of a 
European Master Agreement (EMA) with BFA Tenedora de Acciones, S.A.U. enabling 
future potential financial transactions (repos and security loans). 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
Executive Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
José Ignacio Goirigolzarri  
Chairman 
Executive 
Tomás Muniesa  
Vocal 
Proprietary 
Gonzalo Gortázar  
Vocal 
Executive 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz 
Vocal 
Independent 
Eva Castillo 
Vocal 
Independent 
María Amparo Moraleda 
Vocal 
Independent 
Koro Usarraga  
Vocal 
Independent 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
- 
Appointments and Sustainability Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Appointments and Sustainability Committee is composed of the 
following directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
María Amparo Moraleda 
Chairwoman 
Independent 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz 
Vocal 
Independent 
Francisco Javier Campo 
Vocal 
Independent 
Fernando María Ulrich 
Vocal 
Other external 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
-

--- Page 257 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
257 
 
 
Audit and Control Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit and Control Committee is composed of the following 
directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz 
Chairman 
Independent 
Francisco Javier Campo 
Vocal 
Independent 
Cristina Garmendia 
Vocal 
Independent 
Teresa Santero 
Vocal 
Proprietary 
José Serna 
Vocal 
Proprietary 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
- 
Remuneration Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
Eva Castillo 
Chairwoman 
Independent 
Joaquín Ayuso 
Vocal 
Independent 
Cristina Garmendia 
Vocal 
Independent 
José Serna 
Vocal 
Proprietary 
Koro Usurraga 
Vocal 
Independent 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
- 
Risks Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risks Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
Koro Usurraga 
Chairwoman 
Independent 
Joaquín Ayuso 
Vocal 
Independent 
Fernando María Ulrich 
Vocal 
Other external 
María Verónica Fisas 
Vocal 
Independent 
Tomás Muniesa  
Vocal 
Proprietary 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
- 
Innovation Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Innovation Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
José Ignacio Goirigolzarri  
Chairman 
Executive 
Gonzalo Gortázar  
Vocal 
Executive 
Francisco Javier Campo 
Vocal 
Independent 
Eva Castillo 
Vocal 
Independent 
Cristina Garmendia 
Vocal 
Independent 
María Amparo Moraleda 
Vocal 
Independent 
Óscar Calderón 
Non-Director Secretary 
- 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary (non-director) 
-

--- Page 258 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
258 
 
 
Management Committee 
The following table identifies the members of the senior management (Comité de Dirección) of CaixaBank, 
which is composed of CaixaBank’s CEO and the persons responsible for the different areas as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
 
Name  
Post 
Date of appointment (Management Committee) 
Gonzalo Gortázar  
CEO 
30-06-2011 
Iñaki Badiola  
Head of CIB and International Banking 
22-11-2018 
Luis Javier Blas  
Chief Operating Officer 
30-10-2019 
Matthias Bulach  
Head of Accounting, Management Control and 
Capital 
28-11-2016 
Óscar Calderón  
Board Secretary and General Council 
29-05-2014 
Manuel Galarza  
Head of Control and Compliance 
30-03-2021 
David López  
Chief Human Resources  
30-03-2021 
María Luisa Martínez  
Head of Communications and Institutional Relations 
27-05-2016 
Jordi Mondéjar  
Chief Risks Officer  
10-07-2014  
Javier Pano  
Chief Financial Officer 
24-10-2013 
Marisa Retamosa  
Head of Internal Audit 
22-11-2018 
Eugenio Solla  
Chief Sustainability Officer  
30-03-2021 
Javier Valle  
Head of Insurance 
22-11-2018 
Mariona Vicens 
Head of Digital Transformation and Advanced 
Analytics 
11-01-2023 
The business address of each member of the Management Committee is Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4, 46002 
Valencia, Spain. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The following table sets forth information as of the date of this Base Prospectus concerning the significant 
ownership interests of CaixaBank's shares (as defined by Spanish regulations, those who hold a stake in the 
Issuer's share capital representing 3% or more of the total voting rights, or 1% or more if the relevant significant 
shareholder is established in a tax haven), based on filings with the CNMV, excluding the members of the 
Board of Directors: 
Name of Shareholder 
Ownership (voting rights in shares) 
 
% Direct 
% Indirect 
% Through financial instruments 
% Total 
la Caixa Banking Foundation(1)   
0 
30.012 
0 
30.012 
FROB(2)  
0 
16.117 
0 
16.117 
Blackrock INC(3)  
0 
4.402 
0.615 
5.017 
Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
(1)  La Caixa Banking Foundation's indirect stake is held through its wholly subsidiary CriteriaCaixa, S.A.U. 
(2)  FROB's indirect stake is held through its wholly subsidiary BFA. 
(3)  The total indirect stake of Blackrock INC. is held through several investment management companies controlled by Blackrock INC. 
and is obtained as follows: 4.402% through shares and 0.615% through financial instruments (0.210% through securities lent and 0.405% 
through financial instruments with similar economic effect -CFDs). 
 
 
LITIGATION 
IRPH (Mortgage Loan Reference Index) 
The Court of Justice of the European Union, by Order of 28 February 2023, has ruled on the questions referred 
for a preliminary ruling by a court of first instance in Palma de Mallorca, confirming the doctrine of the 
Supreme Court.

--- Page 259 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
259 
 
 
Litigation linked to consumer credit contracts ("revolving" cards) by application of the Usury Repression 
Act of 1908, as a result of the Spanish Supreme Court case law between 2020 and 2023  
Through several rulings issued between 2020 and 2023 related to "revolving" credit, the Spanish Supreme 
Court has been gradually defining the applicable legal framework for assessing when the interest rate of this 
specific type of financing is significantly higher than the market price. 
The gradual definition of this legal framework over three years resulted in disparity of legal criteria in the 
meantime, which in turn contributed to extensive litigation in a context of legal uncertainty. 
The legal framework laid down by the Spanish Supreme Court is currently based on the following: 
 
Revolving credit cards are considered a specific market within credit facilities.  
 
The specific reference interest rate for this product, included by the Bank of Spain in its statistical data 
publication since June 2010, should serve as initial reference for determining what the "normal interest 
rate" is. The general consumer interest rate should not be applied for these purposes in the absence of 
such statistical data for any period before June 2010. 
 
In order to determine whether an interest rate is "manifestly disproportionate", the Annual Percentage 
Rate (APR) should be compared.  
 
A contract shall be considered usurious if the interest rate exceeds by six percentage points the APR 
considered as "normal interest rate", which shall be the average interest rate of the credit cards and 
revolving cards section of the Bank of Spain's statistics.  
 
For revolving cards contracts subscribed entered into before June 2010, the speciﬁc information in the 
credit cards and revolving cards section of the Bank of Spain's statistics closest in time should be used 
for the purpose of determining the "normal interest rate" in comparative terms. 
 
Where a financial services contract of indefinite duration includes the possibility of unilaterally 
amending the interest rate of the credit transaction (by giving prior notice to the borrower and having 
the borrower the right to terminate the contract at that time by paying the amounts due at the agreed 
interest rate), each amendment of interest rate shall be considered as a new contract in which a new 
interest rate is determined. 
To date, the Group has been -and will continue to be- constantly monitoring the risk and evolution of litigation 
related to this specific type of financing, together with the relevant provision in terms of financial prudence 
and according to the best estimate at any given time. Several contractual and customer service measures were 
also taken, aimed at improving transparency, risk prevention and understanding of customers' concerns. These 
efforts shall continue, bearing in mind that the legal framework now in place provides greater legal certainty 
for the purposes of defining and implementing any specific action. 
CaixaBank and its card-issuing subsidiary, CaixaBank Payments & Consumer, E.F.C. E.P., S.A.U. 
(CaixaBank Payments & Consumer) are subject to individual claims and are also subject to a class action 
brought by the Association of Financial Users (ASUFIN) seeking an injunction against, inter alia, the interest 
rate and the early termination clause in revolving credit card agreements. On 30 December 2020, the Valencia 
Commercial Court No. 4 dismissed the claim against CaixaBank and only required CaixaBank Payments & 
Consumer to discontinue the early termination clause, disregarding all other requests regarding lack of 
transparency in the operation of cards, interest calculation methods, the right to compensation for debt and the 
change of conditions under contracts of an indefinite duration. This ruling was appealed by ASUFIN, 
CaixaBank and CaixaBank Payments & Consumer. The 9th Section of the Valencia Provincial Court issued a 
ruling on 3 October 2021 dismissing ASUFIN’s appeal and upholding CaixaBank’s and CaixaBank Payments

--- Page 260 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
260 
 
 
& Consumer’s appeal, and consequently dismissed the claim in its entirety, partially overturning the first-
instance judgment. This ruling is not final. 
Based on the information available to date, the heading "Other Provisions" of the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements includes the estimate of present obligations that could arise from legal proceedings, including those 
relating to revolving and/or deferred payment cards or, to a lesser extent, from personal loans at the interest 
rate subject to judicial review under these jurisprudential considerations, the occurrence of which has been 
considered probable. In any case, any disbursements that may ultimately be necessary will depend on the 
specific terms of the judgments which the Company must face, and/or the number of claims that are brought, 
among others. Given the nature of these obligations, the expected timing of the outflow of financial resources 
is uncertain, and, in accordance with the best available information today, the Group also deems that any 
responsibility arising from these proceedings will not, as a whole, have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
businesses, financial position or the results of its operations. 
Bandenia Proceedings Preliminary Diligences 115/2015, Central Investigation Office No. 5 of Madrid  
On 23 February 2023 the investigation was closed, and the case dismissed. The Court ruling is final and was 
also backed by the Public Prosecutor. Both stated that CaixaBank had an effective compliance system to 
prevent money laundering, the employees complied with internal regulations and received technical training, 
and that preventive tools and controls were duly applied.

--- Page 261 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
261 
 
 
CAPITAL AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING POWERS 
CAPITAL AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES REQUIREMENTS 
The following is a summary of the most relevant aspects of the regulatory framework applicable to the Group 
relating to regulatory capital requirements and the minimum requirement for own funds level and eligible 
liabilities (MREL). In addition, see "Risk Factors" which includes the relevant information on regulatory 
liquidity and funding requirements. 
The CaixaBank Group is subject to capital requirements according to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended) (CRR), Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended) (the CRD IV Directive), any 
regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be 
introduced and which are applicable to CaixaBank or to the Group (including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit entities (as amended) (Law 10/2014) and 
Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014) (as amended) (RD 84/2015)) (all of them 
together, CRD IV), and to any other regulations, regulatory technical standards, circulars or guidelines 
implementing CRD IV through which the EU is implementing the Basel III capital reforms. 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, CaixaBank is also subject to the regime under 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended, the BRRD Directive), and to any other recovery and resolution 
rules developing, complementing or implementing this Directive which are applicable to CaixaBank or to the 
Group (including, without limitation, Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended) (Law 11/2015) and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, 
implementing Law 11/2015 (as amended) (RD 1012/2015)) (all of them referred together as the BRRD), and 
to other regulations or policies through which the EU is implementing the recovery and resolution framework. 
This framework prescribes, among others, that banks shall hold a minimum level of capital and eligible 
liabilities in relation to total liabilities and own funds (pursuant to BRRD II (as defined below), it shall be 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the total exposure measure of the institution, 
calculated in each case in accordance with CRR). 
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, the CRD IV Directive, the BRRD 
Directive and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the SRM Regulation) came into force: (i) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time, the CRD V Directive) amending the CRD IV Directive, (ii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, 
replaced or supplemented from time to time, BRRD II) amending, among other things, the BRRD Directive 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, 
replaced or supplemented from time to time, CRR II) amending, among other things, the CRR as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements, and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to 
time, the SRM Regulation II) amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II 
and the SRM Regulation II, the EU Banking Reforms). Most of the provisions of the EU Banking Reforms 
have started to apply. The CRD V Directive and BRRD II have been partially implemented into Spanish law 
through Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April (RDL 7/2021), which amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 
and Law 11/2015. Furthermore, Royal Decree 970/2021, of 8 November, amended, amongst others, RD

--- Page 262 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
262 
 
 
84/2015 to continue the implementation into Spanish law of CRD V Directive, and Royal Decree 1041/2021, 
of 23 November amended, amongst other, RD 1012/2015 and completed the implementation of BRRD II into 
Spanish law. Full implementation of CRD V Directive was completed by the approval of a new Bank of Spain 
Circular on 30 March 2022.  
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of "non preferred" senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, 
approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non preferred 
debt. 
As further explained below, CRR and CRR II were modified by Regulation 2020/873 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 24 June amending CRR and CRR II regarding certain temporary or permanent 
adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (CRR 2.5 or Quick Fix), applicable from 27 June 2020. 
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD, the SRM Regulation, and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes. The consultation was open until 20 April 
2021 and was split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and 
a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders experience with the current framework and the need for 
changes in the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle 
banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off 
principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative proposals on this topic are 
still expected. 
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR 
and the CRD IV Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR and BRRD in the area of 
resolution. In particular, these legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the European Parliament 
and of the Council amending CRD IV Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country 
branches, and environmental, social and governance risks, and amending BRRD; (ii) Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council and its annex amending CRR as regards requirements for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor; and (iii) Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending CRR and BRRD as regards the prudential treatment of 
global systemically important institution groups with a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a 
methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities. In connection with (iii) above, in October 2022, Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
and Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the prudential treatment of global systemically important institutions 
with a multiple-point-of-entry resolution strategy and methods for the indirect subscription of instruments 
eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities was adopted. The 
legislative proposals referred to in (i) and (ii) will need to follow the ordinary legislative procedure to become 
binding EU law. The final package of new legislation may not include all elements currently set out in the 
proposal and new or amended elements may be introduced through the course of the legislative process. 
Overview of applicable capital and MREL requirements 
Under CRD IV, institutions are required, generally on an individual and consolidated basis, to hold a minimum 
"Pillar 1" amount of regulatory capital of 8% of risk weighted assets (RWAs) of which at least 4.5% must be 
CET1 capital and at least 6% must be Tier 1 capital (the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements). 
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD IV Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014 and 
Article 94 of Royal Decree 84/2015, and similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 
15 October 2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential

--- Page 263 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
263 
 
 
supervision of credit institutions (the SSM Regulation), also contemplates that in addition to the Minimum 
"Pillar 1" Capital Requirements, the supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover other risks, 
including those risks incurred by the individual institutions due to their activities not considered to be fully 
captured by the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements. This may result in the imposition of additional 
capital requirements (CET1, Tier 1 and Total Capital) on the Issuer and/or the Group pursuant to this "Pillar 
2" framework (the P2R). Following the introduction of the single supervisory mechanism (the SSM), the ECB 
is in charge of assessing additional P2R through the SREP to be carried out at least on an annual basis 
(accordingly requirements may change from year to year). CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be set 
in relation to the specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including 
the risks incurred by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the impact of 
certain economic and market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution) and it also allows 
the P2R to be partially covered with AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments6. 
In addition to the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with 
the "combined buffer requirement" set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Spain. The "combined 
buffer requirement" has introduced up to five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: 
(i) the capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions (G-
SIIs) buffer, which shall be no less than 1% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital 
buffer (consisting of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the 
jurisdictions where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or 
higher pursuant to the competent authority); (iv) the other systemically important institutions (O-SII) buffer, 
which may be as much as 3% of RWAs (or higher pursuant to the competent authority); and (v) the systemic 
risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks (to be set by the relevant competent authority). Where 
a group, on a consolidated basis, is subject to a G-SII buffer and to an O-SII buffer the higher buffer shall 
apply. Where an institution is subject to a systemic risk buffer, that buffer shall be cumulative with the O-SII 
buffer or the G-SII buffer. Circular 5/2021 of the Bank of Spain provides for the possibility that the authority 
may require a countercyclical buffer on an institution's exposures to a given sector, in addition to global 
exposures (at 31 December 2022, CaixaBank had a 0.03% countercyclical buffer requirement). 
CRD V Directive provides that that P2R should be positioned in the relevant stacking order of own funds 
requirements above the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements and below the "combined buffer 
requirement" or the leverage ratio buffer requirement7, as applicable. 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of RD 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain Circular 
2/2016, those entities failing to meet the "combined buffer requirement" or making a distribution in connection 
with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the "combined buffer 
requirement" is no longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) 
payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions relating 
to AT1 instruments (Discretionary Payments), until the maximum distributable amount calculated according 
to CRD IV (the Maximum Distributable Amount) has been calculated and communicated to the competent 
supervisor. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be subject to such Maximum Distributable 
Amount for entities (a) not meeting the "combined buffer requirement" or (b) in relation to which the Bank of 
Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 10/2014 aimed at strengthening own 
funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends. 
In addition to the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements, the P2R and the "combined buffer requirements", 
the supervisor can also set a "Pillar 2" capital guidance (P2G). Banks are expected to meet the P2G with CET1 
capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements (Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements, P2R 
and the "combined buffer requirements"). While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct 
legal consequences for the banks, P2G is not directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically 
                                                     
6  
The CRD V Directive establishes that P2R can be partially covered by AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, at least 56.25% must be 
covered with CET1, 18.75% with AT1 and 25% with Tier 2. 
7  
It applies to G-SII entities. CaixaBank is as of the date hereof an O-SII bank. Therefore, the leverage ratio buffer is not applicable to the 
Group.

--- Page 264 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
264 
 
 
trigger legal action, even though the ECB expects banks to meet P2G. Consequently, the P2G is not relevant 
for the purposes of triggering the automatic restriction of discretionary payments and calculation of the 
Maximum Distributable Amount, but CRD V Directive provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to 
meet the P2G, the competent authority should be entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, 
to impose additional own funds requirements. The CRD V Directive does not require disclosure of the P2G. 
In reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures expected to provide 
capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate 
temporarily below the level of capital defined by P2G, the "capital conservation buffer" and the LCR (the ECB 
does not expect banks to operate above the levels of their P2G any sooner than by the end of 20228) and (ii) 
use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to 
meet P2R. 
In addition to the statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those made 
by the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision, the European Banking Authority and the ECB, amongst 
others, the European Commission proposed a few targeted "quick fix" amendments to the EU's banking 
prudential rules in order to maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19 
pandemic. The Quick Fix sets out exceptional temporary measures to alleviate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 pandemic-related developments, by adapting the timeline of the application of international 
accounting standards on banks' capital, by treating more favourably public guarantees granted during this 
crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer9, by setting a temporary prudential 
filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central government debt markets during 
the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions10, by modifying the way of excluding certain exposures from the 
calculation of the leverage ratio11, by advancing the date of application of several agreed measures that 
incentivise banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning the minimum 
coverage requirements for NPLs that benefit from public guarantees with those that benefit from guarantees 
granted by official export credit agencies (among others). As of 31 December 2022, CaixaBank did not avail 
of the optional measures for the prudential filter of public debt. 
In addition to the above, Article 429 of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their leverage ratio (LR) in 
accordance with the methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% 
"Pillar 1" leverage ratio requirement that has been added to the own funds requirements in Article 92 of the 
CRR, and which institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements. This leverage ratio 
requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described above.  
Additional own funds requirements may be imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of excessive 
leverage (P2R-LR)12, these requirements should be added to the minimum leverage ratio requirement (and not 
to the minimum risk-based own funds requirement). Additionally, competent authorities could communicate 
to an institution, in the form of guidance, any adjustment to the amount of capital in excess of the relevant 
minimum own funds requirements, the relevant additional own funds requirement and, as relevant, the 
combined buffer requirement or the leverage ratio buffer requirement that they expect such an institution to 
hold in order to deal with forward looking stress scenarios (P2G-LR). Since such guidance constitutes a capital 
target, it should be regarded as positioned above the relevant minimum own funds requirements, the relevant 
additional own funds requirement and the combined buffer requirement or leverage buffer requirement, as 
relevant.  
                                                     
8  
Operation below the LCR was only expected by the ECB until the end of 2021. 
9  
As the date of this Base Prospectus, CaixaBank is an O-SII bank. Therefore, the leverage ratio buffer is not applicable to the CaixaBank 
Group. 
10  
This measure was in force until 31 December 2022. 
11  
On 10 February 2022, the ECB published its decision not to extend beyond March 2022 the supervisory measure that allows institutions to 
exclude central bank exposures from their leverage ratios. 
12  
CaixaBank has not received any communication in this regard.

--- Page 265 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
265 
 
 
Institutions should also be able to use any CET1 instruments that they use to meet their leverage-related 
requirements to meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the "combined buffer requirement".  
Moreover, the EU Banking Reforms include a leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs to be met with Tier 1 capital 
and set at 50% of the applicable risk weighted G-SIIs buffer. A new Article 141b of the CRD IV Directive, 
included by the CRD V Directive, and implemented in Spain by Article 48 ter of Law 10/2014, will restrict 
discretionary payments by G-SIIs in the form of dividends, variable remuneration and payments to holders of 
AT1 instruments in case of failure to meet at the same time the leverage ratio buffer and the "combined buffer 
requirement". As of the date of this Base Prospectus, CaixaBank is an O-SII bank. 
Further to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold, on a consolidated basis, a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated 
as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and 
own funds of the institution (pursuant to BRRD II, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk 
exposure amount and of the total exposure measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance 
with CRR). The level of capital and eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority 
for each bank (and/or group) based on the resolution plan and other criteria. The Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) is the resolution authority for the Bank as the central body of the single resolution mechanism (SRM), 
as well as the Bank of Spain, as the national preventive resolution authority and the FROB, as the Spanish 
executive resolution authority. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among 
other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, 
they must be able to be written down or converted under that law (including through contractual provisions).  
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments (the Subordinated MREL Requirements) for G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and other entities which 
the resolution authority considers that pose a systemic risk in the event of its failure (Other Pillar 1 Banks). 
CaixaBank is a "top tier" bank. These Subordinated MREL Requirements are composed of "Pillar 1" 
Subordinated MREL Requirements and any additional institution specific subordination requirements set by 
the resolution authority. The "Pillar 1" subordination requirements shall be satisfied with own funds and other 
eligible MREL instruments which may not for these purposes be senior debt instruments (only MREL 
instruments constituting "non-preferred" senior debt under the new insolvency hierarchy introduced into Spain 
will be senior debt eligible for compliance with the subordination requirement as other eligible MREL 
instruments). For G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and the Other Pillar 1 Banks, the resolution authority requires a 
subordination level equal to 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF), for "top tier" banks (such as the 
Bank) the 8% TLOF target level is capped at 27% of RWAs. Resolution authorities may also impose minimum 
subordination requirements to institutions not constituting G-SIIs, "top tier" banks or the Other Pillar 1 Banks. 
Furthermore, a new Article 16.a) of the BRRD Directive, as amended by BRRD II, better clarifies the stacking 
order between the "combined buffer requirement" and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, 
a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from making Discretionary Payments above the 
"maximum distributable amount" for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new 
Article 16.a)(4) of the BRRD Directive) (the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision), where it 
meets the "combined buffer requirement" in addition to its own funds requirements (referred to in points (a), 
(b), and (c) of Article 141a(1) of CRD) but fails to meet its "combined buffer requirement" when considered 
in addition to the MREL requirements. The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD Directive includes a potential 
nine-month grace period whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise 
its powers under the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is 
compelled to exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions).  
Capital and MREL requirements of the Bank 
Capital requirements are applied to CaixaBank, on both an individual and consolidated basis.

--- Page 266 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
266 
 
 
Neither the Bank nor the Group has been classified as G-SII by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) nor by any 
competent authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not 
required to maintain the G-SII buffer. The Bank is considered an O-SII and, according to the Bank of Spain 
communication in July 2022, as of 1 January 2023, the O-SII buffer requirement has increased from 0.375% 
in 2022 up to 0.50% beginning on 1 January 2023. This increase is due to the phase in granted in 2021 by the 
Bank of Spain after the merger process with Bankia. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the 
countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the second quarter of 2023 
(percentages will be revised each quarter), and also the Bank of Portugal published that the countercyclical 
buffer for credit exposures in Portugal was to be maintained at 0% for the first quarter of 2023, but a 0.03% 
countercyclical capital buffer applied both on a consolidated and an individual basis based on the geographical 
composition of the portfolio of the Group as of 31 December 2022 for credit exposures other than in Spain and 
Portugal (to be updated quarterly) (this buffer may not be the same on consolidated and on individual basis in 
the future).  
On 15 December 2022, CaixaBank was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum capital 
requirements for 2023. Thus, from 1 January 2023, the minimum CET1 requirement for CaixaBank is set 
at 8.46% (8.34% in 2022) of the total amount of RWAs, which includes Pillar 1 regulatory minimum (4.5% 
of RWA), P2R13 requirement (0.93% of RWA), the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of RWA), the O-SII 
buffer (0.50% of RWA compared to 0.375% in 2022) and the countercyclical buffer (0.03% of RWA) based 
on the geographical composition of the portfolio at 31 December 2022 (updated quarterly)14. In addition, based 
on the minimum Pillar 1 requirements applicable to Tier 1 capital (6%) and Total Capital (8%) and the Pilar 
2R (1.65%), the requirements for 2023 stand at 10.27% (10.15% in 2022) and 12.68% (12.56% in 2022), 
respectively. On the other hand, CaixaBank shall meet the minimum requirements of 3.00% of the LR (3.00% 
minimum Pillar 1 requirement and 0% P2R-LR add-on). 
The following tables show the capital requirements compared to the capital position of the Group on a 
consolidated basis as of 31 December 202215: 
 
Capital 
position 
2023 Current 
Requirements 
of which 
"Pillar 1" 
of which P2R 
of which 
buffers 
CET1  ......... 
12.8% 
8.46% 
4.5% 
0.93% 
3.03% 
Tier 1 .......... 
14.8% 
10.27% 
6.0% 
1.24% 
3.03% 
Total capital  
17.3% 
12.68% 
8.0% 
1.65% 
3.03% 
As a result, the regulatory CET1 level under which the Group would be required to limit distributions in the 
form of dividend payments, variable remuneration and interest to holders of AT1 instruments -commonly 
referred to as the activation level of the maximum distributable amount trigger (MDA trigger)- is set at 8.46% 
for 2023 (no potential AT1 or Tier 2 capital shortfall is to be added). 
As reflected in the table above, as of 31 December 2022, CaixaBank reached a CET1 of 12.8 % of RWAs16, 
which totalled €215,103 million. The internal CET1 solvency target approved by the Board of Directors is set 
between 11% and 12% (without considering IFRS 9 transitional adjustments) and a buffer of between 250 
and 350 basis points on the SREP regulatory requirement. As also reflected in the table above, the Tier 1 ratio 
at 31 December 2022 stood at 14.8%, covering the entire AT1 bucket, both in terms of Pillar 1 requirements 
(1.5%) and the corresponding part of the P2R (0.31%). The Total Capital ratio stands at 17.3%. 
The leverage ratio at a consolidated level stood at 5.6% of the regulatory exposure as of 31 December 2022. 
                                                     
13  
P2R does not apply at an individual level. 
14  
As of 31 December 2022. It applies to both individual and consolidated basis. Updated quarterly. It may differ between individual and 
consolidated level. As of 31 December 2022 both levels coincide. 
15  
Capital ratios include IFRS 9 transitional adjustments. 
16  
At an individual level, CaixaBank's CET1 ratio reached 12.9% as of 31 December 2022. This is in comparison with a minimum requirement 
of CET1 for 2023 of 7.03% (including 0.03% of countercyclical buffer to be updated quarterly). Thus, capital requirements are more 
restrictive at a consolidated level than at an individual level.

--- Page 267 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
267 
 
 
On 16 March 2023, CaixaBank received the formal communication from the Bank of Spain regarding the 
MREL requirement based on the BRRD II. As set out in the notification, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, 
must comply by 1 January 2024 with a minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 21.21% of 
RWA, which would equate to 24.24% when including the "combined buffer requirement" (CBR) expected on 
that date17. As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB has decided that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must 
comply with a Total MREL requirement of 19.33% of RWA, which would be equal to 22.36% when including 
the current CBR.  
With regard to the Subordinated MREL Requirement, the SRB has decided that CaixaBank, on a consolidated 
basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with a Subordinated MREL Requirement of 15.37% of RWAs, which 
would be equal to 18.40% when including the CBR expected on that date. As for the intermediate requirement, 
the SRB has decided that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a Subordinated MREL requirement 
of 13.50% of RWA, which would be equal to 16.53% when including the current CBR. 
Furthermore, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with a Total and 
Subordinated MREL Requirement of 6.19% of Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE). As for the intermediate 
requirement, the SRB decided that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a Total and Subordinated 
MREL requirement of 6.09% of LRE.  
The following tables show the MREL requirements compared to the MREL position of the Group on a 
consolidated basis as of 31 December 2022: 
Requirement as % of 
RWAs 
MREL position 
Requirement from 1 
January 2022 
Requirement from 1 
January 2024 
MREL  .......................... 
25.9% 
22.36% 
24.24% 
Subordinated MREL .. 
22.5% 
16.53% 
18.40% 
 
 
 
 
Requirement as % of 
LREs 
MREL position 
Requirement from 1 
January 2022 
Requirement from 1 
January 2024 
MREL ........................... 
9.9% 
6.09% 
6.19% 
Subordinated MREL .. 
8.6% 
6.09% 
6.19% 
 
 
 
 
See the Risk Factor "Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme – Risk factors linked to the main quantitative and qualitative risk indicators of the 
Taxonomy – Cross risks – Increasing onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Group’s main 
regulatory challenges (Solvency risk)" for the risks associated to the failure by the Group to comply with its 
regulatory capital requirements. 
Deductions related to Deferred Tax Assets  
CRR provides that deferred tax assets that rely on the future profitability of a financial institution (DTAs) must 
be deducted from its regulatory capital (specifically from its core capital or CET1 capital) for prudential 
reasons, as there is generally no guarantee that DTAs will retain their value in the event of the financial 
institution facing difficulties. 
This deduction had a significant impact on Spanish banks due to the particularly restrictive nature of certain 
aspects of Spanish tax law. For example, in some EU countries when a bank reports a loss, the tax authorities 
refund a portion of taxes paid in previous years, but in Spain the bank must earn profits in subsequent years in 
order for this set-off to take place. Additionally, Spanish tax law does not recognise as tax-deductible certain 
amounts recorded as costs in the accounts of a bank, unlike the tax legislation of other EU countries. 
                                                     
17  
Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR) applied 3.03% as of January 2023.

--- Page 268 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
268 
 
 
Due to these differences and the impact of the requirements of CRD IV on DTAs, the Spanish regulator 
implemented certain amendments to Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (the CIT Law) 
through Royal Decree Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt the Spanish law to EU 
regulations on supervision and solvency of financial institutions which also provided for a transitional regime 
for DTAs generated before 1 January 2014. These amendments enabled certain DTAs to be treated as a direct 
claim against the Spanish tax authorities if a Spanish bank was unable to reverse the relevant differences within 
18 years or if it is liquidated, becomes insolvent or incurs accounting losses. This, therefore, allowed a Spanish 
bank not to deduct such DTAs from its regulatory capital. The transitional regime provided for a period in 
which only a percentage (which increases yearly) of the applicable DTAs would have to be deducted. However, 
the European Commission initiated a preliminary state aid investigation in relation to the Spanish DTAs 
regime. Such investigation was resolved to the extent that the European Commission, the Bank of Spain and 
the Spanish Ministries of Treasury and Economy agreed a commitment to amend the applicable law in order 
to reinforce the compatibility of the regime with European Law. In general terms, the amendment passed 
requires payment of a special tax charge in order for the conversion of the DTAs into a current asset to be 
enforceable. Royal Decree-Law 3/2016, of 2 December, implemented a number of amendments to the CIT 
Law including the limitation on the use of the DTAs treated as a direct claim and carried forward tax losses up 
to 25%. 
Other relevant regulations related to capital - Prudential treatment of NPLs 
Prior to the publication of CRR II, an amendment of CRR entered into force on 26 April 2019, by which a 
minimum loss coverage requirement for non-performing exposures (also known as NPLs Prudential 
Backstop) was introduced. According to this amendment of the capital regulation, any shortfall of the stock 
of accounting provisions or other adjustments as compared to the prudential backstop shall be deducted from 
own funds. This backstop is only applicable to loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards that turn non-
performing. The coverage requirements are different depending if the loan is "secured" or "unsecured" and 
also on whether the collateral is movable or immovable.  
Prior to the above referred capital requirements legislation, on 15 March 2018, the ECB had already published 
its supervisory expectations on prudent levels of provisions for NPLs. This was published as an addendum 
(the Addendum) to the ECB's guidance to banks on non-performing loans published on 20 March 2017, which 
clarified the ECB's supervisory expectations regarding the identification, management, measurement and 
write-off of NPLs. The ECB stated that the Addendum set out what it deems to be a prudent treatment of NPLs 
with the aim of avoiding an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPLs on banks' balance sheets in the 
future, which would require supervisory measures. The ECB clarified that the Addendum is applicable only to 
loans originated prior to the entry into force of the NPLs Prudential Backstop (26 April 2019) that have turned 
non-performing on or after 1 April 2018. In order to make the Addendum and the NPLs Prudential Backstop 
more consistent and, thereby, simplify banks' reporting, the calibration of both initiatives have been fully 
aligned. However, the main differences between the NPLs Prudential Backstop and the Addendum is that (i) 
the latter is not legally binding, (ii) it only sets a starting point for the supervisory dialogue ("Pillar 2" approach) 
and (iii) is subject to a case-by-case assessment. Further to the Addendum, the ECB has also disclosed that 
supervisory expectations will also be set on a case-by-case basis for loans that had already turned non-
performing on or before 31 March 2018. 
Other relevant regulations related to capital – The Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda 
On 7 December 2017, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) published the finalisation 
of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda (also known as Basel IV). This review of the regulatory 
framework covers credit, operational and credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risks and introduces a floor to 
the consumption of capital by internal ratings-based methods (IRB) and the revision of the calculation of the 
leverage ratio. The main features of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for credit risk, which will 
improve the soundness and sensitivity to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the IRB methods for 
credit risk, including input floors to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in model parameters and 
limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels of non-compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA risk, and in

--- Page 269 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
269 
 
 
connection with the above, the removal of any internally modelled method and the inclusion of a standardised 
and basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the revision of the standard method, which will replace 
the current standard methods and the advanced measurement approaches (AMA); (v) the introduction of a 
leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs; and (vi) regarding capital consumption, a minimum limit on the aggregate 
results (output floor), which prevents the RWA of the banks generated by internal models from being lower 
than the 72.5% of the RWA that are calculated with the standard methods of the Basel III framework. The 
GHOS extended the implementation of the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk until January 
2022, to coincide with the implementation of the reviews of credit, operational and CVA risks. 
On 27 March 2020, the GHOS endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational capacity for banks 
and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of COVID-
19 pandemic on the global banking system. The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following 
changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
The implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 was deferred by one 
year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor were also 
extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 was deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
was deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
As described above, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published two legislative proposals to 
amend the capital regulatory package: CRD IV Directive and CRR, which will transpose the Basel 
Committee's agreement to finalise the Basel Accords (Basel IV). The implementation date of the amendment 
to CRR will be 1 January 2025 and transposition of the amendment to the CRD IV Directive is expected during 
2025. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWERS  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in unsound or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an "institution") so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in 
any of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its 
solvency or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely 
in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). The determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of that institution's control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone 
or in combination where the FROB, the SRB, as the case may be and according to Law 11/2015, or any other 
entity with the authority to exercise any such tools and powers from time to time (each, a Relevant Resolution 
Authority) as appropriate, considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail in the near future, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct 
the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution

--- Page 270 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
270 
 
 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset 
separation (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or 
more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); 
and (iv) the bail-in, which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the right to exercise certain elements of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This includes the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to 
write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or other securities or obligations (which equity, 
securities and obligations could also be subject to any future application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain 
unsecured debt claims and subordinated obligations. 
The Spanish Bail-in Power is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not 
limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) RD 1012/2015, as amended from time to time, 
(iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or standards 
made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such institution or any 
other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015, in addition to the mandatory exclusions set 
forth in Article 27.3 of the SRM Regulation and in Article 42 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of AT1 
instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated 
claims that do not qualify as AT1 capital or Tier 2 capital and (v) the principal or outstanding amount of bail-
inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (with "non-
preferred" senior claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated claims against the Bank 
but before the other senior claims against the Bank) (following the entry into force of BRRD II, Article 48 of 
BRRD now refers to bail-inable liabilities, defined as the liabilities and capital instruments that do not qualify 
as CET1, AT1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments of an institution and that are not excluded from the scope of 
the bail-in tool).  
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
provide for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert 
into equity capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an 
institution or a group (the Non-Viability Loss Absorption). The point of non-viability of an institution is the 
point at which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or 
converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the Relevant 
Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a 
group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify 
action by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in 
Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions for resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with Article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings 
and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend 
payment for a temporary period).

--- Page 271 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
271 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. 
Spain 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the 
Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some 
of which might be subject to special rules.  Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to 
the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes.  This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date.  References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners 
of the Notes.  
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this document: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, 
approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing 
the common rules of the procedures to apply takes, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 
July (Royal Decree 1065/2007); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Individual Income Tax (IIT), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the IIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law, Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax, as amended, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 
March promulgating the IIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth 
Tax, as amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended, 
and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit 
institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
(CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on the CIT, as amended, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 
July, approving the CIT Regulations, as amended; and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the 
Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July 
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax 
as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax as amended, and Law 
38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and 
introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended. 
This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under the currently in force Spanish legislation, 
without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country and the 
Community of Navarre, or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors for 
certain taxes.

--- Page 272 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
272 
 
 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value 
Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax as amended. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayments 
of the Notes obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain constitute a return on investment obtained from 
the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the IIT 
Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of 
the aforementioned law. 
The IIT savings taxable base is taxed at the following rates: (i) 19% for taxable income up to EUR 6,000; (ii) 
21% for taxable income from EUR 6,001 to EUR 50,000; (iii) 23% from EUR 50,000.01 up to EUR 200,000; 
and (iv) 27% from EUR 200,000.01 up to EUR 300,000, and (v) 28% for any amount in excess of EUR 
300,000. Income from the transfer of the Notes is computed as the difference between their transfer value and 
their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into account, 
insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Notes, in the event that the Noteholder had acquired other 
homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, shall be 
included in his or her IIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
Article 44 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007 has established information procedures for debt instruments issued 
under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) and has provided that the 
interest will be paid by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for the gross amount, provided that such 
information procedures are complied with, so that any payment under the Notes (other than Zero Coupon 
Notes) will not be subject to withholding tax to the extent that the new simplified information procedures 
(which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Principal Paying Agent as it 
is described under "Simplified information procedures". If these information procedures are not complied 
within the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the 
Issuer will pay the relevant additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, in the case of such Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding 
tax at the general rate of 19% which will be made by the depositary or custodian. 
The Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 
19%) on any payment in respect of Zero Coupon Notes to Personal Income Tax taxpayers. 
In addition, with respect to Zero Coupon Notes, the information procedures set out in the IIT Regulations 
would also need to be observed. 
For that reason, the Issuer will proceed to reimburse Zero Coupon Notes provided that the holder thereof 
accredits their prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally required

--- Page 273 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
273 
 
 
certificate that has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain. In accordance with 
the legislation currently in force, in case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to 
pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
Amounts withheld may be credited against the final IIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
EUR 700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 
December of each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%. The Autonomous Communities 
may have different provisions in this respect. 
In addition to the above, the so-called “Solidarity Tax” was approved in December 2022, which is a two-year 
direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applied, under certain conditions, to those residents in an autonomous 
region were the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As regards the Basque 
Country and Navarra, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its application will be agreed in 
the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque Country and the Commission of the 
Economic Agreement with Navarra. 
The rates of the “Solidarity Tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between EUR 3,000,000 and EUR 5,000,000, (ii) 
2.1% on a net worth between EUR 5,000,000.01 and EUR 10,000,000, and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more 
than 10,000,000. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of EUR 700,000 which means 
that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than EUR 
3,700,000. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable tax rates currently range between 0% (full 
exemption) and 81.6% depending on relevant factors, although the final tax rate may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
are subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25%) in accordance with the rules for this tax. This general 
rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which 
will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying 
collective investment institutions). 
In accordance with Law 10/2014 and Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and in the opinion of the Issuer, 
there is no obligation to withhold on income payable under the Notes to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the 
sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds).

--- Page 274 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
274 
 
 
Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold tax on interest payments under the Notes to Spanish CIT taxpayers 
to the extent that the new simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Principal Paying Agent as it is described under "Simplified information 
procedures". If these information procedures are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will 
withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. 
According to Article 61.q) of the CIT Regulations, the Issuer would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain 
on any income paid under the Zero Coupon Notes provided that such Zero Coupon Notes would be issued in 
book entry form and admitted to trading on an official secondary securities market or in the Alternative Fixed 
Income Market in Spain. In addition, according to Article 61.s) of the CIT Regulations, the Issuer would not 
be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any income paid under the Zero Coupon Notes to Spanish CIT 
taxpayers provided that such Zero Coupon Notes would be listed and admitted to trading on an official 
securities market in an OECD country.  
Likewise, in relation to the Zero Coupon Notes referred in the two preceding paragraphs, the information 
procedures set out in the CIT Regulations would also need to be observed. In this respect, the Issuer will 
proceed to reimburse Zero Coupon Notes provided that the holder thereof accredits their prior acquisition and 
the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally required certificate that has been issued by a 
Spanish financial institution or established in Spain. In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in 
case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to pay to the holder the reimbursement 
thereof. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax at 
the generally applicable rate, currently 19%, if the Notes do not comply with applicable exemption 
requirements including those specified in the Reply to the Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation 
(Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 in which case the required withholding will be made by 
the depositary or custodian. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are neither subject to Wealth Tax nor to Solidarity Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.

--- Page 275 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
275 
 
 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, 
generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See "Spain – Legal Entities with 
Tax Residency in Spain – Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)". Ownership of the Notes by 
investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the existence of a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to holders of 
the Notes who are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain for tax purposes who act with respect to 
the Notes through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not 
act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT. 
In order for the exemption to apply, in respect to the Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes), it is necessary to 
comply with certain information obligations relating to such Notes, in the manner described under "Simplified 
information procedures" as laid down in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. If these information 
obligations are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general rate applicable 
from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the Issuer would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain to NRIT taxpayers 
if the holder provides the Issuer with a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the relevant 
country (according to Spanish legislation currently in force, such certificates are valid for a period of one year 
since the date of issuance). 
To make the above exemptions effective, it will be necessary to comply with the information provision 
obligations described below. For these purposes, it is necessary to distinguish the procedure to be followed in 
the case of Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 from the procedure applicable to Zero Coupon Notes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within 
the Spanish territory exceed EUR 700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2% and 3.5%. However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in 
respect of the Notes which income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth 
Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
If the exemptions outlined do not apply, individuals who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply 
the rules approved by the Spanish region where the assets and rights with more value: (i) are located; (ii) can 
be exercised; or (iii) must be fulfilled.

--- Page 276 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
276 
 
 
In addition to the above, the so-called “Solidarity Tax” was approved in December 2022, which is two-year 
direct wealth tax that applies, in general terms and under certain conditions, to those Non-Spanish tax resident 
individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish 
territory when the highest value of their assets and rights are located, can be exercised or must be fulfilled on 
an autonomous region were the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As regards 
the Basque Country and Navarra, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its application will be 
agreed in the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque Country and the Commission 
of the Economic Agreement with Navarra. 
The rates of the “Solidarity Tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between EUR 3,000,000 and EUR 5,000,000, (ii) 
2.1% on a net worth between EUR 5,000,000.01 and EUR 10,000,000, and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more 
than EUR 10,000,000. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of EUR 700,000 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater that 
EUR 3,700,000. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are neither subject to Wealth Tax nor to Solidarity Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and state rules, unless they reside in a country for tax purposes with which Spain 
has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax. In such case, the provisions of the 
relevant double tax treaty will apply. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance and 
gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant autonomous region (Comunidad 
Autónoma). The applicable Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax rate would range between 0 per cent. (full 
exemption) and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift 
or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. Such acquisitions will be subject to NRIT 
(as described above), except as provided in any applicable double tax treaty entered into by Spain. In general, 
double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of tax residence of the Holder. 
Tax Rules for Notes not Listed 
Withholding on Account of IIT, CIT and NRIT 
If the Notes are not listed on any Payment Date, payments to Noteholders will be subject to withholding tax at 
the general rate, currently 19%, except in the case of Noteholders which are: (a) resident in a Member State of 
the European Union (other than Spain) or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) 
which has entered into an effective exchange of tax information agreement with Spain, and obtain the interest 
income either directly or through a permanent establishment located in another Member State of the European 
Union (other than Spain) or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) which has 
entered into an effective exchange of tax information agreement with Spain, provided that such Holders (i) do 
not obtain the interest income on the Notes through a permanent establishment in Spain and (ii) are not resident 
of, or are not located in, nor obtain income through, a non-cooperative jurisdiction (as defined by the Law 
36/2006, of 29 November, on prevention measures and actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 
11/2021, of 9 July, and as amended); (b) Spanish securitisation funds which comply with the requirements 
established in Article 61.k) of Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015; or (c) resident for tax purposes of a 
country which has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain which provides for an exemption from Spanish 
tax or a reduced withholding tax rate with respect to interest payable to any Holder.

--- Page 277 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
277 
 
 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
See "—Spain — Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain – Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)" and 
"—Spain — Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain – Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el 
Patrimonio). 
Simplified information procedures 
For these purposes, it is necessary to distinguish the procedure to be followed in the case of Notes issued in 
accordance with Law 10/2014 from the procedure applicable to Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes issued in accordace with Law 10/2014 
In respect of the Notes issued in accordace with Law 10/2014, the information to be reported by issuers to the 
Spanish Tax Authorities will be developed in relevant regulations. In that sense, Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets 
out the procedures to be followed in order to make payments under the Notes, other than Zero Coupon Notes, 
without withholdings or deductions for or on account of Spanish taxes. 
The procedures set out in the Agency Agreement provide that the Issuer will pay on each Interest Payment 
Date the full amount of the payment due and payable to the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying 
Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will deliver a statement in the required form to the Issuer the business day 
immediately before the relevant Interest Payment Date. The statement shall contain the following information:  
(a) 
identification of the Notes; 
(b) 
income payment date (or refund if the Notes are issued at a discount or segregated); 
(c) 
total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the Notes are issued at a discount or 
segregated); and 
(d) 
total amount payable under the Notes to each of the Clearing Systems. 
If the procedures set out above are complied with, the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will pay 
the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing systems without withholdings or deductions for or 
on account of Spanish taxes. If the statement is not delivered to the Issuer as described above, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as required under terms of the Notes and pay an appropriate amount to the Spanish 
tax authorities to the extent required to comply with its obligations with respect thereto.  The Principal Paying 
Agent will pay the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing systems.  
If, following clarifications by the Spanish Tax Authorities, procedures in relation to Royal Decree 1065/2007 
are subsequently amended, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent will implement such procedures as may 
be required to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under applicable legislation as clarified by the 
Spanish Tax Authorities. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Noteholders are informed of such new 
procedures and their implications.  
Regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the new simplified information procedures please 
refer to "Risk Factors – Risks related to Notes generally – Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax 
regime". 
Zero Coupon Notes 
In case of Zero Coupon Notes, the reimbursement proceeding requires that the holder (i) provides the Issuer 
with a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the country of its tax residence (such

--- Page 278 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
278 
 
 
certificates currently being valid for a period of one year since the date of issuance), in the case of NRIT 
taxpayers, according to which no withholding tax should apply upon such reimbursement; and (ii) if a Spanish 
financial institution or established in Spain intervenes in the reimbursement, a legally required certificate isued 
by such entity accrediting the prior acquisition of the Notes and the corresponding acquisition price. 
In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in the case of failure to provide the certificate in relation 
to the prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price, the Issuer will not proceed to pay to the holder 
the reimbursement thereof. 
The arrangements for collecting relevant certifications in respect of Zero Coupon Notes will be agreed directly 
between the Issuer and the investors in the Zero Coupon Notes at the time of issuance. 
No holding of Zero Coupon Notes by Spanish individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below), to or by Spanish Individuals is 
forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Zero Coupon Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and 
such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any 
Spanish Individual as an owner of Zero Coupon Notes. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, 
legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets 
or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders resident 
in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the Spanish tax 
authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of 
the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 2024 the Notes held on 
31 December 2023). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with 
other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds EUR 50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be 
made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in 
subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than EUR 
20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership 
of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
The Proposed EU Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common Financial Transactions Tax (the EU FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). The FTT 
proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior 
to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes

--- Page 279 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
279 
 
 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It was 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of the 
so-called enhanced cooperation process.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1% tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for derivatives 
that would be subject to a minimum 0.01% tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over EUR 1 billion. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and participating Members States may withdraw. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
Spanish FTT 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish FTT was approved on 7 October 2020 (the FTT Law) and 
the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021).  
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. The tax payer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase 
order and must submit an annual tax return. 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion at 1 December of each 
year will be published on the Spanish tax authorities’ website before 31 December each year. For the purposes 
of transactions closed during 2023, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose market 
capitalisation exceeded EUR 1 billion as of 1 December 2022, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish 
FTT. This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Notes since the Spanish FTT only 
applies on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so transactions involving bonds or debt or 
similar instruments, such as preferred securities or derivatives, are not affected by such tax. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the

--- Page 280 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
280 
 
 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer).  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 281 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
281 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 18 April 
2023, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in 
relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Notes under the Programme Agreement in certain 
circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The Notes are being offered for sale outside 
the US in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not apply to the Issuer if it was not an 
authorised person; and

--- Page 282 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
282 
 
 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in A to C above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 283 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
283 
 
 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(d) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (c) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and

--- Page 284 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
284 
 
 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been or will be registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). The Notes may not be sold or distributed, nor may 
any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in compliance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and Investment Services (Ley 
6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión).  No publicity or marketing 
of any kind shall be made in Spain in relation to the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not and will not direct or make any offer of the Notes to investors 
located in Spain. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and  
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.

--- Page 285 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
285 
 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Taiwan 
Unless the offer of the Notes has been and will be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission or 
other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities laws 
and regulations, the Notes may not be sold, issued or offered within Taiwan, the Republic of China through a 
public offering or in a circumstance which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and 
Exchange Act of Taiwan, the Republic of China that requires a registration or approval of the Financial 
Supervisory Commission or other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China. No 
person or entity in Taiwan, the Republic of China has been authorised to offer, sell, give advice regarding or 
otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of any Notes in Taiwan, the Republic of China. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411.2.1º of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause  to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and 
the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA), or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 286 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
286 
 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to 
the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to “Professional Investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “Professional Investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(Corporations Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it:

--- Page 287 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
287 
 
 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (1) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act, (2) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act, (3) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives and (4) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
Canada 
 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in the Canadian provinces purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 
31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes 
must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 288 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
288 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 23 March 2023.  
Issues of Notes under the Programme are required to comply with certain formalities contained in the Spanish 
Corporations law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including as at the date of this Base Prospectus execution 
of a public deed of issue (Escritura de Emisión). 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 18 April 2023. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available at the website of the Issuer (in respect of the document listed at (a) below) 
or the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) (in respect of the documents listed 
at (b) and (c) below): 
(a) 
the By-laws (with an accurately reproduced English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(c) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 289 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
289 
 
 
Significant or Material Change  
Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
position of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Other than as described in the relevant section of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference") incorporated by reference and under the heading "The Group is exposed to risk 
of loss from legal and regulatory claims" in the Risk Factors section, neither the Issuer nor any other member 
of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The current auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the 
Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) who audited the Issuer's standalone and consolidated annual 
financial statements for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
and will audit the Issuer's standalone and consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2023. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealer or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 290 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
290 
 
 
ISSUER 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4  
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal Address: L - 2085 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Spanish law 
To the Dealers as to English law and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Allen & Overy 
Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4  
46002 Valencia 
Spain

--- Page 291 ---
0081160-0000101 EUO1: 2008318417.10 
291 
 
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 – Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellchaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marientum 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France   
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm), 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy   
 Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2, Ireland