--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Prospectus is 14 January 2025 
 
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
acting through its France branch 
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its France branch (“CGDFB”) and Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”). Each of 
CGD and CGDFB is, in relation to Notes issued by it, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”. 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, each of the 
Issuers may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law dated 16 
July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Law”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) for the approval of this Prospectus as a 
base prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to economic and financial soundness of, or to the 
quality or solvency of, any Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. This Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
an endorsement of any Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Pursuant 
to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Market”). References 
in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
“MiFID II”). However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) 
as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called the final terms (the “Final Terms”). Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and 
the issue price of Notes for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary 
Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Note, “Global Notes”). Interests in a Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of an offering and the relevant issue date (the 
“Exchange Date”), upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“New Global Note” or 
“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Certificates will be 
deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the 
exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes or definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. In addition, CGD may issue 
Notes represented in book entry form (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System, Central de Valores Mobiliários (“Interbolsa”) (“Book Entry Notes”). 
Notes of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in registered form (“Registered Notes” comprising a “Registered Series”) and which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the 
meaning of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), will initially be represented by interests in a definitive global unrestricted Registered Certificate 
(each an “Unrestricted Global Certificate”), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a nominee for, and registered in the name of the Common Depositary on its issue date. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through records maintained by, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Notes 
of each Tranche of each Registered Series sold in the United States to a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”), as referred to in, and 
subject to the transfer restrictions described in “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”, will initially be represented by a definitive global restricted Registered Certificate (each a 
“Restricted Global Certificate” and together with any Unrestricted Global Certificates, the “Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on its issue date. Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate and a Restricted Global Certificate will 
be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its participants, including depositaries for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. See “Clearing 
and Settlement”. Individual definitive Registered Notes will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described herein. 
CGD has been rated P-2 (short term) and Baa1 (long term) by Moody’s Investors Service España (“Moody’s”), A-2 (short-term) and A- (long term) by S&P Global Ratings and R-1 
(low) (short term) and A (low) (long term) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). The credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus will be treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), as having been issued by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS. Each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of 
S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such ratings will 
be indicated in the relevant Final Terms and such ratings will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “BMR Register”) established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “BMR”).  
This Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) will be valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 14 January 2026. The obligation to supplement 
the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, “valid” means valid for 
making offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the relevant Issuer and the obligation to supplement the Prospectus is only required within its 
period of validity between the time when the Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period for the Notes or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. This Prospectus does not describe all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Citigroup 
 
 
 
Commerzbank

--- Page 2 ---
The date of this Prospectus is 14 January 2025 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
MEDIOBANCA 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuers and their subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole 
(each a “Subsidiary” and together with the Issuers, the “CGD Group” or the “Group”) and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the relevant Issuer, the type of securities and the circumstances of the 
relevant Issuer, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the relevant Issuer, the rights attaching to the securities 
and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer. 
Each of the Issuers accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and in the 
relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
each Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts 
and this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer in the EEA of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for each Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case in relation to such offer. Neither Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes 
in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes, and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, the Arranger (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme”) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of any Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of any Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by each Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any of their 
respective directors, affiliates, advisers, agents, nor Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”), nor the 
Agents (as defined in the Agency Agreement) accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this 
Prospectus or for any statement made therein, in connection with the Issuers or any other information provided 
by the Issuers in connection with the Programme. The Dealers and their respective directors, affiliates, advisers, 
agents, the Trustee and the Agents accordingly each disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract 
or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect of such document or any such statement. No 
representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers or agents, the Trustee or the Agents as to the accuracy, completeness, verification or 
sufficiency of the information set out in this Prospectus and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective 
directors, affiliates, advisers or agents nor the Trustee nor the Agents accepts any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuers or any other person in connection with this Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers in connection with the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (each as defined below), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment 
of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria 
required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects 
(as defined below), any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects meet such 
criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (or 
amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuers to particular Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects. Investors should refer to the Sustainable Finance Framework (as defined below) which 
the Issuers may publish from time to time, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes for further information. Any such framework and/or second party opinion 
and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. Neither the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers will verify or monitor any of the commitments set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework 
relating to the Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes or otherwise. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither 
the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
thoroughly understand the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the relevant Notes. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) appointed as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be 
ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors – If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors – If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1)

--- Page 6 ---
6 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuers have each determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case 
of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD INTO OR WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)) OR TO ANY PERSON 
OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR 
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THE NOTES 
SOLD IN BEARER FORM ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, 
NOTES SOLD IN BEARER FORM MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE 
DEALER AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED HEREIN). 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-
U.S. PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S AND WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS” IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A. FOR A DESCRIPTION 
OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF 
NOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PROSPECTUS SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” AND 
“TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS”. THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUERS 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES AND FOR THE 
LISTING OF NOTES ON THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING

--- Page 7 ---
7 
OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” are to the lawful currency of the EU Member States that adopt the single currency 
introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, to “U.S.$”, “$” 
and “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, and to “£”, “sterling” and “pounds sterling” are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom.  
Any websites included in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................48 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................50 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..........................................................................................................51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................52 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES CLEARED THROUGH EUROCLEAR OR 
CLEARSTREAM WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .....................................................................................93 
BOOK ENTRY NOTES HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA ..........................................................................98 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................100 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CGD GROUP ........................................................................................................102 
DESCRIPTION OF CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, FRANCE BRANCH ..............................................126 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................128 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .................................................................................................................136 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................140 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .......................................................................................................................145 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................146 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................159

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus. Words or 
expressions defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, which includes the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall have the same meaning herein. The General Description of the Programme is 
defined according to Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
Issuers 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”) 
CGD may also issue Notes through its French branch, 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGDFB”) 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, CGD will not issue syndicated 
Notes until (i) an appropriate resolution has been passed by its 
Board of Directors (or Executive Committee) and (ii) the Dealers 
have been provided with a legal opinion from CGD’s external 
legal advisers in Portugal. For non-syndicated issues, see 
“General Information” below.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57 (Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.). 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/ 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time.  
Arranger 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Caixa-Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of 
Notes other than Book Entry Notes 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Portuguese Paying Agent in respect of 
Book Entry Notes 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms document (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price 
The Final Terms will specify the Issue Price. Notes may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Ratings 
CGD has been rated A-2  (short term) and A-  (long term) by 
S&P, P-2 (short term) and Baa1 (long term) by Moody’s and R-
1 (low) (short term) and A (low) (long term) by DBRS. 
As per the rating services of S&P, a short-term obligation rated 
“A-2” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher rating categories. However, the Issuer’s 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is 
satisfactory. Obligations rated “A” indicate a strong capacity to 
meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to 
economic conditions and changes in circumstances. 
Source: 
https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/understanding-
credit-ratings  
As per the ratings services of Moody’s, P-2 issuers (or 
supporting institutions) rated “Prime-2” have a strong ability to 
repay short-term obligations. Obligations rated “Baa” are 
subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics. The 
modifier “1” indicates a ranking in the higher end of that 
generic rating category. 
Source: https://ratings.moodys.io/ratings#rating-scale 
As per the rating services of DBRS, a rating of “R-1 (low)” 
(according to DBRS’s Commercial Paper and Short-Term Debt 
Rating Scale) indicate the obligations are good credit quality. 
The capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations 
as they fall due is substantial. Overall strength is not as favorable 
as higher rating categories. May be vulnerable to future events, 
but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable. A 
rating of “A (low)” (according to DBRS’ Long Term Obligations 
Scale) indicates good credit quality. The capacity for the 
payment of financial obligations is considered substantial but 
may be vulnerable to future events. Qualifying negative factors 
are considered manageable.  
Sources: 
Short Term

--- Page 11 ---
11 
https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A
%2F%2Fwww.dbrsmorningstar.com%2Fresearch%2F236749
%2Fcommercial-paper-and-short-term-debt-rating-
scale%3Faction%3Dview&data=05%7C01%7CSFG%40vda.p
t%7C023196eeed4d492aee0408da68c91c82%7Ca150e164a17
b4b6ab7a0646c95e42a98%7C0%7C0%7C6379375102852986
20%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMD
AiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%
7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=p6lHDB0NcroU5Mkg5rq5LFM
88hfM%2FzuRngnce0QvWc4%3D&reserved=0 
 
Long Term 
https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A
%2F%2Fwww.dbrsmorningstar.com%2Fresearch%2F236754
%2Flong-term-obligations-rating-
scale.pdf%3Faction%3Dview&data=05%7C01%7CSFG%40v
da.pt%7C023196eeed4d492aee0408da68c91c82%7Ca150e164
a17b4b6ab7a0646c95e42a98%7C0%7C0%7C6379375102852
98620%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAw
MDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3
D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=oDs6O%2BcVt6SKm8EFV
4FE8oDBbYG%2BpgBRAihr4jvPvow%3D&reserved=0 
 
Form of Notes 
The Notes (other than Book Entry Notes) may be issued in bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes which 
are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes 
will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note which will be deposited (a) in the 
case of Notes issued in NGN form, on or prior to the original 
issue date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case of Notes issued in 
CGN form, on the Issue Date, with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (c) in the 
case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Paying Agent, any other agents and the relevant Dealer(s). No 
interest will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note 
except as described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”. Interests in Temporary Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for interests in Permanent Global 
Notes or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes but, if TEFRA D (as defined below under “Selling 
Restrictions”) apply to such Tranche, only after the date falling 
40 days after the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes) for Registered Notes (as described below). Interests in 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in bearer form or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes) for Registered Notes in the limited circumstances 
described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”. 
 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of a Series which are sold in 
an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation S

--- Page 12 ---
12 
(“Unrestricted Notes”) will initially be represented by interests 
in an Unrestricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
deposited with a nominee for, and registered in the name of a 
common depositary of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
on its Issue Date. Registered Notes of such Tranche sold in the 
United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 
144A (“Restricted Notes”) will initially be represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date. Any Restricted Global 
Certificate and any individual Definitive Restricted Notes will 
bear a legend applicable to purchasers who purchase the 
Registered Notes as described under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
 
In addition, CGD may issue Book Entry Notes that will be 
integrated in and held through Interbolsa, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The terms and conditions of each series of 
Book Entry Notes shall be the terms and conditions set out in this 
Prospectus, as supplemented, as necessary by a supplement to 
this Prospectus, and/or the relevant Final Terms. The Book Entry 
Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by CGD in favour of 
holders Book Entry Notes dated 14 January 2025 (the 
“Instrument”).  
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for Bearer Notes, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and DTC for Registered 
Notes and Interbolsa, Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear 
for Book Entry Notes. In relation to any Tranches, Notes may be 
cleared through such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes other than 
Book Entry Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes issued 
in NGN form will be delivered to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue 
date for each Tranche, the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes issued in CGN form will 
be deposited with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, the Unrestricted Global Certificate representing 
Unrestricted Notes will be deposited with a common depositary 
for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and the Restricted 
Global Certificate representing Restricted Notes will be 
deposited with a custodian for DTC. Global Notes or Certificates 
relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
relevant Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one 
or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers except Book Entry 
Notes, which may only be issued in euros or such other 
currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Maturities 
Notes shall not be issued with maturity of less than 398 (three 
hundred and ninety-eight) days or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity of at least five 
years or as otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time. 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
 
According to the Luxembourg Law, the CSSF is not competent 
to approve prospectuses for the listing of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and 
which also comply with the definition of securities in the 
Luxembourg Law. 
Denomination 
Notes (including Book Entry Notes) will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
save that, in respect of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Securities and Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of 
U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof, in each case subject to compliance 
with all legal and/or regulatory requirements applicable to the 
Specified Currency. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference 
to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, 
and for a period equal to the reset period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption / Early Redemption 
Redemption 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, which shall be 
at least equal to its nominal amount. 
Early Redemption  
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event or, in the case of Ordinary Senior 
Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, following an 
Event of Default or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, upon a 
Capital Disqualification Event, but otherwise early redemption 
will be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible as Tier 2 
Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as applicable, will be 
subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Authority to any 
additional pre-conditions to the extent required, in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Cash Bonds 
Notes may qualify as cash bonds (obrigações de caixa) under the 
terms of Decree Law No. 408/91 of 17 October 1991 (as 
amended), provided that certain requirements set out therein are 
met, including that (i) such Notes have a maturity of not less than 
two years, (ii) the relevant Issuer is not entitled to acquire such 
Notes before two years have elapsed since the relevant Issue 
Date and (iii) the Noteholders may not choose to redeem such 
Notes before one year has elapsed since the relevant Issue Date. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, on the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, use its

--- Page 15 ---
15 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser who 
may determine or (if such Independent Adviser fails to make any 
such determination or the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser) the relevant Issuer may determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 5(i). 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders, although this will not apply in any event 
to Subordinated Notes save for in the limited circumstances set 
out in Condition 6(b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g). 
Substitution 
The Trustee and the relevant Issuer are permitted to agree to the 
substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor in respect of the Notes of any other 
wholly-owned Subsidiary of CGD, subject to the fulfilment of 
certain conditions, as more fully set out in Condition 11(c) and 
the Trust Deed. 
Status of the Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes.  
Ordinary Senior Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) and 
unguaranteed obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities, and senior to all Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities and all present and future subordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and with any other 
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities, junior to the Ordinary Senior 
Notes and any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and senior 
to all present and future subordinated obligations of the relevant 
Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and will rank (a) at least pari passu with the claims of holders of 
all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for 
any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital or otherwise by law rank, or by their 
terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated 
Notes and/or the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (b) senior to any 
present or future claims of holders of: (1) all obligations of the 
Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, (2) all other 
securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes and/or the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (3) all share capital and/or 
preference shares of the Issuer and, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, the Subordinated Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB 
and the relative Coupons (if any) will, in the event of the 
bankruptcy or the winding-up of CGD or CGDFB, as the case 
may be, (to the extent permitted by the applicable law) be

--- Page 16 ---
16 
subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided in the 
Trust Deed or, in the case of Book Entry Notes, the Instrument. 
Substitution and Variation 
Where “Capital Disqualification Event – Substitution and 
Variation” or “MREL Disqualification Event – Substitution and 
Variation”, as the case may be, is specified as “Applicable” in 
the relevant Final Terms and the relevant Issuer has satisfied the 
Trustee that a Capital Disqualification Event or, as the case may 
be, an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing, or that such substitution or variation is necessary to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of the statutory loss 
absorption powers set out in Condition 18(e), the relevant Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l), either substitute 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 6(k)). 
Negative Pledge 
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Negative Pledge” is expressly specified to be “Not 
Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default 
Applicable to Ordinary Senior Notes only and only to the extent 
“Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of Default” Condition 10(a) is 
expressly specified to be “Applicable” in the relevant Final 
Terms. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default”. 
Limited Rights of Acceleration 
The Trustee’s rights to accelerate Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where “Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Events of Default” Condition 10(a) is expressly 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms are 
limited to insolvency or winding-up type events only. See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of France (in the 
case of Notes issued by CGDFB) and Portugal (in the case of 
CGD or CGDFB) as the case may be, subject to certain 
exceptions, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation” and “Taxation – Portugal”. At present, 
payments of interest and other investment income to be made by 
CGD directly to non-resident entities of Portugal would be 
subject to Portuguese withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (in 
case of legal persons), of 28 per cent. (in case of individuals) or 
of 35 per cent. (in case of payments to (i) omnibus accounts 
without the disclosure of the effective beneficiary or to (ii) legal 
persons or individuals domiciled in blacklisted jurisdictions as 
defined in Ministerial Order 150/2004 of 13 February as 
amended from time to time ), as the case may be, or, if applicable, 
to reduced withholding tax rates between 5 and 15 per cent., 
pursuant to the general rules and to tax treaties signed by 
Portugal, except in the case of Book Entry Notes assuming 
certain procedures and certification requirements are complied 
with. All payments of interest and other investment income 
arising from Notes (in the case of Notes issued by CGD) made 
to individuals resident for tax purposes in Portugal will be 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent. or 35 per cent., 
whenever the investment income is paid or made available to 
accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third party unless

--- Page 17 ---
17 
the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/ are identified 
and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial 
owner(s) will apply. In this case, the Portuguese resident 
individual, unless if deriving such income in the capacity of an 
entrepreneur with organised accounts, may choose to declare 
such income in his or her tax return, together with the remaining 
items of income derived. If such election is made, the said 
income will be subject to personal income tax according to the 
relevant tax brackets, up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance 
an additional income tax will be due on the part of the taxable 
income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 
5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. 
 
All payments of interest and other investment income arising 
from Notes (in the case of Notes issued by CGD) paid to legal 
persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and to non-resident 
legal persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to 
which the income is attributable are subject to withholding tax at 
a rate of 25 per cent. (with the exception of entities that benefit 
from a waiver of Portuguese withholding tax or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions), or 35 per cent., whenever the 
investment income is paid or made available to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
one or more unidentified third parties, unless the relevant 
beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a 
consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) 
will apply. (See “Taxation – Portugal”). 
Governing Law 
English law, save that Condition 3 and Condition 18(e) and 
Clause 3 (with the exception of Clause 3.4) of the Trust Deed and 
Clause 5 of the Instrument will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese law and save that, with respect to 
Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal), and 
transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and 
the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Portuguese law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the 
Market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II) and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be 
unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Japan and Singapore. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) Bearer Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Transfer Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Notes sold pursuant to 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” and “Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuers are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuers believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes issued under the programme. Although these are the specific risks which are considered to be more 
significant and capable of affecting the Issuers’ ability to meet their obligations in relation to the Notes, they 
may not be the only risks to which the Issuers are exposed, and the Issuers may be unable to make payments on 
or in connection with any Notes for other reasons or for the identified risks having materialised differently. 
Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to the Issuers or which the Issuers currently consider 
immaterial may arise or become material in the future and have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to make 
payments on or in respect of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus or 
incorporated by reference herein and make their own assessments prior to making any investment decision. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this risk factor section shall have the meanings given 
to them under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
1) 
Risk factors relating to CGD Group’s business; 
2) 
Risk factors relating to the legal and regulatory framework; and 
3) 
Risk factors relating to the Notes; 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuers, are set out first. The 
Issuers have assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. 
1 
Risk Factors Relating to CGD Group’s Business 
Risks arising from changes in the Portuguese economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-
economic context 
CGD’s performance is closely linked to the Portuguese economy, where it conducts the majority of its 
business. The Issuer’s financial condition and operational results are significantly influenced by domestic 
economic activity which, in turn, is subject to global and national economic and political developments. 
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including heightened geopolitical uncertainty, inflationary pressures, and 
premature withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimuli, present additional risks that may impact CGD’s ability to 
fund operations, attract clients, and sustain business growth. 
In 2023, Portugal’s economy experienced a slowdown, growing at 2.3 per cent. in real terms compared 
to 6.8 per cent. in 2022. Private consumption growth decelerated to 1.6 per cent., reflecting a moderation in 
spending on durable and non-durable goods. Investment expansion also slowed, growing by 0.8 per cent. 
compared to 3.5 per cent. in 2022. The contribution of net external demand to GDP fell, driven by a deceleration 
in exports, from 17.4 per cent. in 2022 to 4.2 per cent. in 2023, and a slowdown in imports, from 11.1 per cent. 
to 2.2 per cent.. While the tourism sector remained robust, its growth diminished compared to the post-pandemic 
rebound of previous years (Sources: Instituto Nacional de Estatística, Conselho das Finanças Públicas). 
Public finances showed improvement, with the general government recording a surplus of 1.2 per cent. 
of GDP and the public debt ratio declining to 99.1 per cent., the lowest since 2010. Inflation moderated to 5.3 
per cent. in 2023, down from 8.1 per cent. in 2022, aided by energy price declines and VAT exemptions on 
essential food items. However, core inflation (excluding food and energy) accelerated to 5.3 per cent., indicating 
persistent underlying price pressures (Sources: Banco de Portugal, Eurostat, Instituto Nacional de Estatística). 
These economic developments, including slower growth, persistent inflation, and subdued investment, 
pose material risks to CGD’s operations. Reduced customer confidence, constrained lending demand, and 
increased funding costs could adversely affect CGD’s financial condition, profitability, and growth prospects 
in an environment of sustained macroeconomic uncertainty.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events 
and trends, war, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as COVID-
19) all impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by increasing the 
sovereign debt of certain countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ business, results and financial condition and its ability to access capital 
and liquidity on acceptable financial terms. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global 
economy, with a corresponding effect on the Issuers’ business, results of operations and financial condition and 
a negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of the 
Issuers. 
Risks arising from ongoing geopolitical tensions may have a corresponding effect on the Issuers’ 
business, results of operations and financial condition 
Geopolitical tensions continue to be a source of uncertainty over the short and medium term, in 
particular, the risks arising from the worsening of military conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine. 
Rising commodity prices, sweeping financial sanctions and the ban on energy imports from Russia 
following its invasion of Ukraine are threatening to hobble the global economy, with severe impacts on any 
subsequent trade barriers, exchange controls or financial market restrictions and macroeconomic effects, 
including supply disruptions, pushing up prices for Europe’s export-focused manufacturing companies. In 
addition, sanctions on Russian businesses, the decision of several companies to sever ties with Russia and the 
deep recession in the country have severely reduced eurozone exports to Russia. 
The consequences of the invasion of Ukraine have direct and indirect implications on the banking 
system. At a high-level, the direct effects include the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to these 
geographies or to others interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which will also 
increase operational risk. 
 The war has weighed on household spending through higher prices and greater uncertainty. Although 
difficult to predict as at the date of this Prospectus, the tensions caused by Russia’s invasion and any further 
escalation of this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation globally, 
and further disrupt supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a direct impact 
on the global economy and financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased inflation, problems 
related to the massive inflow of Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and execution risks related to debt 
issuance in the capital markets and the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios.  
In parallel, the conflict between Hamas and Israel is concerning as it could result in a significant 
disruption of the energy market and several of the major world trade routes impacting global growth and the 
ongoing disinflationary trend. The impact of higher interest rates and tighter credit criteria may also be stronger 
than expected, leading to a sharper slowdown in consumption, rising unemployment and more bankruptcies, 
particularly in the most vulnerable and sensitive sectors and regions.   
The uncertainty caused by these and other events and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result 
in, increased volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuers’ 
counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced by 
the Issuers could adversely affect their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. With 
regards to the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an adverse impact on CGD Group’s 
income statement due to lower activity resulting from increased uncertainty and higher credit risk, with potential 
consequences on impairment. 
The Issuers are exposed to credit risk of its customers and counterparties 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts due from borrowers 
and counterparties are inherent in a great part of the CGD Group’s business. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the CGD Group’s borrowers and counterparties, a general deterioration in Portuguese or global 
economic conditions, or increased systemic risks in the financial systems could affect the recovery and value 
of the CGD Group’s assets and require an increase in loan impairments and other impairments. Accordingly,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
the CGD Group is subject to credit risk, i.e., the risk that the CGD Group’s clients and other counterparties are 
unable to fulfil their payment obligations. 
The CGD Group is exposed to many different counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its 
exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is particularly significant. This exposure can arise 
through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and settlement, and numerous other activities and 
relationships. These counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, commercial banks and 
investment banks. Many of these relationships expose the CGD Group to credit risk in the event of default of a 
counterparty or a client. In addition, the CGD Group’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it 
holds cannot be realised, or liquidated, at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative 
exposure it is due to cover. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by the CGD 
Group also involve transactions with financial services counterparties. The insolvency of these counterparties 
may impair the effectiveness of the CGD Group’s hedging and other risk management strategies, which could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Although the CGD Group regularly reviews its exposure to its clients and other counterparties, as well 
as its exposure to certain economic sectors and regions which the CGD Group believes to be particularly critical, 
payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or difficult to predict or detect. 
In addition, the collateral and security provided to the CGD Group may be insufficient to cover the exposure or 
the obligations of others towards it, for example, due to sudden market declines that reduce the value of the 
collateral. Accordingly, if a major client or other significant counterparty were to default on its obligations, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and results of operations. The 
CGD Group actively manages credit risk and analyses credit transactions. Expectations about future credit 
losses may, however, be incorrect for a variety of reasons. An unexpected decline in general economic 
conditions, unanticipated political events or a lack of liquidity in the economy may result in credit losses which 
exceed the amount of the CGD Group’s provisions or the maximum probable losses envisaged by its risk 
management models. As the CGD Group’s operations are mostly concentrated in Portugal, it is particularly 
exposed to the risk of a general economic downturn or other events which affect default rates in Portugal. An 
increase in the CGD Group’s impairment for loan losses or any loan losses in excess of these impairments could 
have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The level of non-performing loans (EBA definition: NPLs) in the Portuguese banking system improved 
during the last year, with the total NPL ratio standing at 2.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 (compared with 
3.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) according to the Bank of Portugal publication “Portuguese Banking 
System: latest developments 4th quarter 2023”.  
There was a sharp decrease in the volume of NPLs of CGD Group, because of the combined effect of 
the evolution in the components of cures, recoveries, sales, and write-offs, against inflows. As at 31 December 
2023 the NPL ratio reached 1.6 per cent., compared to 2.4 per cent. in December 2022. In 2023, the credit 
impairment was reinforced, raising the coverage ratio to 172.2 per cent. (total coverage of 193.2 per cent. 
including allocated collateral), with the NPL ratio net of impairment remaining at 0 per cent. (zero). 
In the second quarter of 2024, the NPL ratio decreased by 0.1 per cent. to 2.6 per cent.. In the same 
period, the NPL coverage ratio increased by 0.6 per cent. to 61.5 per cent., due to a reduction in the NPL stock 
exceeding that of accumulated impairments, according to the Bank of Portugal publication “Portuguese 
Banking System: latest developments 2nd quarter 2024. 
The consolidated NPL ratio stood at 1.59 per cent., due to a decrease of €35 million in NPLs at the end 
of September compared to 1.65 per cent. in December 2023. 
CGD cannot assure potential investors that its level of provisions for possible impairments and other 
reserves will be adequate or that CGD will not have to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses 
in future periods. Amongst other aspects, CGD’s failure to have an adequate level of provisions and other 
reserves or CGD’s need to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses in future periods may have 
a material adverse effect on CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit concentration risks may adversely affect CGD 
As of 30 June 2024, CGD Group’s loan book was made up of loans and advances to individual customers 
(56 per cent.) and of loans and advances to corporate and institutional customers (44 per cent.). 
Within the loans and advances to individual customers loan book, the most significant sector is mortgage 
loans (91 per cent.). Regarding the loans and advances to corporate and institutional customers loan book, the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
most significant sectors are General government (17 per cent.), Consulting, scientific, technical and similar 
activities (15 per cent.), Real estate activities (11 per cent.), Wholesale and retail trade (11 per cent.), 
Manufacturing (11 per cent.) and Construction (8 per cent.).Credit concentration risk in natural persons or 
economic groups is majored and controlled by the risk management function and has been decreasing since risk 
appetite statement metrics were developed to monitor such risk. If any of these persons or groups defaults, such 
default may lead to a material increase in impairment charges, which could have an adverse effect on CGD’s 
results and asset quality. 
Market and interest rate risks faced by CGD could have a material adverse effect on its results 
The Issuers’ businesses by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected 
by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their 
impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of 
changes in the market interest, interest rate, inflation and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the 
various financial instruments which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and 
volatilities between those assets. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the 
effects that such changes could have on the Issuers’ financial condition and results of operations. 
The most significant market risk the Issuers face is the interest rate risk. Changes in interest rate levels, 
yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. An 
increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by 
the CGD Group’s customers. Conversely, a fall in interest rates may adversely affect the CGD Group through, 
among other things, a decrease in the demand for deposits and increased competition in deposit-taking and 
lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates could have a 
material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the CGD Group. 
The Issuers are exposed to volatility in interest rates which may have an impact on loan growth and on 
the net interest income 
In fact, interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuers’ control, including monetary 
policies implemented by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), as well as domestic and international economic 
and political conditions.  
In 2024, global growth is expected to continue its slowdown trend, as observed in 2023 and Europe is 
expected to remain less competitive in comparison to other regions. In parallel, the ongoing disinflationary 
process is expected to continue in many economies with inflation levels possibly returning to close to their 
central banks' targets across coming quarters. 
The impact of higher interest rates and tighter credit criteria may also be stronger than expected, leading 
to a sharper slowdown in consumption, rising unemployment and more bankruptcies, particularly in the most 
vulnerable and sensitive sectors and regions.  
In such an environment, the monetary policy of the main central banks is likely to remain restrictive 
until inflation has consistently and convincingly fallen to levels compatible with their objectives. 
CGD has implemented risk management methods intended to mitigate and control this and other market 
risks, and exposure to such risks is constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to predict with 
accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have 
on the CGD’s business activity, financial condition and on the results of its operations.  
In addition, if the CGD Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the 
changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the CGD Group’s monitoring procedures are 
unable to adequately manage the interest rate risk, its interest income could increase less or decline more than 
its interest expense, in which case the CGD Group’s results of operations and financial condition or prospects 
could be negatively affected. 
CGD’s short-term liabilities to its customers may exceed its highly liquid assets 
CGD’s primary source of funds has traditionally been its retail deposit base (savings, current and term 
deposits).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
During the global crisis that affected the financial system, CGD continued to benefit from high levels of 
trust among its individual customers and was able to maintain a stable retail deposits base. The lack of other 
financing sources, caused by the liquidity restrictions faced by Portuguese banks in international money markets 
and capital markets, has led CGD (as well as other Portuguese banks) to increase the interest rates paid on 
deposits, thus reinforcing the attractiveness of these products. 
CGD’s other funding sources include medium and long-term bond issues, commercial paper and 
medium-term structured products. CGD has also borrowed money in the money markets. 
In the first nine months of 2024, CGD continued to display a significant level of liquidity, both in 
deposits with the Eurosystem of around €22,000 million, compared to €14.4 million at the end of December 
2023, and in the total amount of assets available for collateral in operations with the ECB, which, at the end of 
September 2024, totalled around €18.8 billion. 
Customer deposits play a key role in CGD Group's funding structure, representing 91 per cent. of total 
consolidated liabilities (excluding non-current liabilities held for sale). 
As at 30 September 2024, the amount of loans and advances to customers (gross) was €53,977 million 
and customer deposits stood at €84,499 million (up 4.9 per cent. compared to December 2023), contributing to 
this by the 5.1 per cent. increase in individual customer deposits in Portugal, totalling €58,134 million. 
At the end of September 2024, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) stood at 339.0 per cent., a value 
much higher than the current regulatory liquidity coverage requirement of 100 per cent.. and the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 188.1 per cent.. 
Since CGD relies on the aforementioned sources for funding, there is no assurance that, in the event of 
a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the market in which CGD operates, CGD will be able to maintain 
its levels of funding without incurring higher funding costs or the liquidation of certain assets. Additionally, 
CGD is impacted by any changes that may occur in the requirements set by the ECB in its refinancing operations 
and if CGD is unable to borrow sufficient funds to meet its obligations to its customers and other investors, 
CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 
The CGD Group is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market 
CGD is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market, either directly through assets related to its 
operations or obtained in lieu of payments, or indirectly through real estate that secure loans or the financing of 
real estate projects, making it vulnerable to any depression in the real estate market. As at 30 June 2024, the 
amount of foreclosed assets held by the CGD Group amounted to €269 million, of which €51 million were 
properties of CGD’s extinguished pension fund. As at 30 June 2024 the total mortgage lending totalled €27,420 
million, representing 51.1 per cent. of the total loans and advances to customers (gross). As at 30 September 
2024 the total mortgage lending totalled €25,070 million. 
Any significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate market prices could result in impairment losses on 
the assets held directly by CGD, as well as on the assets held by CGD’s pension fund, and cause a decrease in 
the coverage of credit exposures of real estate collateral, as well as on the coverage of the pension fund’s 
liabilities by its assets, thereby adversely affecting the financial condition and results of the CGD Group. 
Activity in the local accommodation sector could also be negatively affected. This could put further 
downward pressure on house prices. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not possible to ascertain the impact of such measures in CGD’s 
activity, depending on its clients and counterparties meeting the legal requirements to apply to this programme. 
Portugal may be subject to further rating reviews by the rating agencies, with implications on the 
funding of the economy and on the Issuers’ activity 
The rating agencies Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited, Moody’s, Fitch Ratings 
Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited have been updating Portugal’s long term rating or outlook. Current ratings 
are as follows: (i) Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited: A- as of 1 March 2023, with a 
positive outlook as of 1 March 2023; Moody’s: A3 as of 17 November 2023, with a stable outlook as of 17 
November 2023; Fitch Ratings Limited: A- as of 29 September 2023, with a stable outlook as of 14 April 2023; 
and DBRS Ratings Limited: A as of 21 July 2023, with stable outlook as of 21 July 2023. 
There might be downgrades of the long-term rating assigned to Portugal in the future. This may happen 
if, for example, there is a deterioration in the public finance situation arising from weaker economic

--- Page 24 ---
24 
performance, resulting from the disruption caused by the COVID-19 outbreak or the austerity measures adopted 
internally, or induced by contagion as a consequence of the slowdown in the economic activity of Portugal’s 
main trading partners, particularly Spain. A downgrade may also happen if the market perceives these measures 
as insufficient, or as a result of the lack of success of structural reforms, the simplification of the Portuguese 
State administration and streamlining of the Portuguese justice system. Under these circumstances, Portugal’s 
perceived credit risk will increase, with resulting negative effects on the credit risk of Portuguese banks 
(including CGD) and, consequently, on their profit levels. However, any reduction in Portugal’s rating would 
mean increased haircuts and a reduction in the value of the pool of assets eligible for discount operations with 
the ECB, in particular with respect to securitisations and covered bonds. A downgrade of Portugal’s rating could 
also impact the sovereign debt portfolio held by CGD and could have a potential detrimental effect on the 
finances of enterprises who borrow from CGD. Furthermore, the Portuguese State is CGD’s sole shareholder 
and, accordingly, any downgrade of Portugal’s ratings could have an impact on CGD and adversely affect its 
business and financial performance. 
2 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Framework 
The CGD Group is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, which may have an 
adverse impact on its profitability 
The CGD Group operates in a highly regulated industry. The CGD Group’s banking activities are subject 
to extensive regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, the Bank of Portugal, the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”), ESMA and the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (“CMVM”, Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in 
which the CGD Group conducts its activities. These regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and 
permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, know your customer, securities (including 
debt instruments) issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing 
and selling practices. These regulations include rules and regulations related to the prevention of money 
laundering, bribery and terrorism financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-
terrorist financing rules entails significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the CGD Group believes that 
its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are 
adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the CGD Group cannot guarantee that it will comply, 
at all times, with all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing, as extended to the whole CGD Group, will be applied by its employees under all circumstances. This 
may lead to material adverse effects on the CGD Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, 
regulation in the financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is 
expected to continue. Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher 
and more stringent capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, 
as well as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions on 
certain types of activity or transactions. These measures may adversely affect the profitability of the CGD 
Group’s business and financial performance and, consequently, the Issuers’ ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes. Additionally, failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuers as it could result in reputational damage and the imposition of administrative fines and 
sanctions, as well as loss of authorisation to carry out their business. 
The CGD Group is subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements, which may change 
The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the 
European Council and the European Parliament, by the Bank of Portugal and by the ECB, has had, and could 
continue to have, a significant impact on the CGD Group’s capital structure and financial position. 
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 October 
2014, and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) no. 648/2012 
(as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR reinforced the 
capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g., CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and 
total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general rules, supervision

--- Page 25 ---
25 
powers, and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having also introduced the following 
additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of Risk Weighted Assets (“RWAs”);  
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the 
conditions to be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 
3.5 per cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 
2 per cent. of RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 
3 and 5 per cent. of RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
As regards Portuguese banks, the Bank of Portugal set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of 
the total RWAs. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit 
institutions and investment firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or the ECB (the 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism”), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the countercyclical 
buffer was on 1 October 2024, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the total risk exposure amount. 
The Bank of Portugal reviews this decision on a quarterly basis. 
In December 2023, CGD was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum capital 
requirements and leverage ratio for 2024, following the outcome of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”) in the following terms: 
 
 
 
Minimum requirements 2024 
 
 
 
Total 
Of which 
 
 
 
 
Pillar 1 
Pillar 2 
Buffers 
 
 
(per cent.) 
 
CET1 ........................................................... 
8.819 
4.50 
1.069 
3.25 
Tier 1 ........................................................... 
10.675 
6.00 
1.425 
3.25 
Total Capital .............................................. 
13.150 
8.00 
1.900 
3.25 
 
The buffers include the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.5 per cent.), the Counter Cyclical Buffer (0 per 
cent.), and the Other Systemically Important Institutions buffer which was reduced from 1 per cent. to 0.75 per 
cent., reflecting an assessment of lower systemic risk for CGD by the Bank of Portugal. The Pillar 2 requirement 
for CGD in 2024 remained unchanged at 1.9 per cent., after the 10 basis point reduction in 2023 and the 25 
basis point reduction in 2022. 
As of 31 December 2023, CGD’s capital ratios were: the CET1 ratio reached 20.3 per cent., the Tier 1 
ratio 20.4 per cent. and the total capital ratio 20.6 per cent.  
At the end of June 2024, the fully loaded CET1, Tier 1 and Total ratios were 21.4 per cent., 21.04 per 
cent. and 21.3 per cent. respectively meeting CGD’s current capital requirements with a comfortable margin. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure 
requirements (as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, and capital conservation 
measures (as amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduced a new market risk framework, revisions 
to the large exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that institutions are not overly reliant 
on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 
27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD IV and was transposed into Portuguese law on 9 
December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and the 
use of standardised models, rather than banks’ internal models, for the calculation of capital requirements. 
Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions have also been subject to more burdensome 
capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. On 9 December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022, of 
9 December. Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to the implementation of the total loss absorbing 
capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The TLAC standard requires global systemically 
important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities (as a percentage of their respective RWA), 
which should be available during resolution to absorb losses. 
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (an 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public 
consultation on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), 
and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee 
schemes (as amended). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: 
a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on 
stakeholders’ experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the 
future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking 
crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ 
principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative proposals on this topic are 
still expected. Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuers are not able to comply with 
stricter and more demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a 
timely manner. A failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on CGD 
as it could result in damages to CGD’s reputation, administrative action, application of penalties or regulatory 
sanctions, and even loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity 
Code”) (Código de Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public 
consultation. The proposed Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among 
others, internal governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, 
duties of information and administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, no further legislative procedures have been developed. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuers’ activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on CGD’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its assets. 
Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are outside CGD’s 
control. 
Borrowers’ protection laws may limit the Issuers’ actions and have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuers’ business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection 
for borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, monitoring 
the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity 
of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower’s situation; and drawing up a 
plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some cases 
of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the CGD’s options to (i) terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate 
judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; or (iv) transfer its contractual 
position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrowers’ protection are expected to 
continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuers’ 
rights with respect to its powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuers’ business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
The Issuers operate in highly competitive markets, including their home markets, they may not be able 
to increase or maintain their market share, which may have an adverse effect on their results 
Structural changes in the Portuguese economy over the past several years have significantly increased 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector. 
The Issuers face intense competition in all of their areas of operation (including, among others, banking, 
investment banking, specialised credit and asset management). The competitors of CGD in the Portuguese 
market are Portuguese commercial banks, savings and investment banks and foreign banks that entered the 
Portuguese market. The principal competitors of CGD in the banking sector (ranking in terms of assets as at 30 
June 2024) are Banco Santander Totta, S.A., BPI, S.A., Banco Comercial Português, S.A. and Novo Banco,S.A. 
A possible deterioration in the recovery expectations of the disposed credits to funds specialised in credit 
recovery may result in a devaluation of the Net Asset Value of the units held by the CGD Group, which could 
require the establishment of additional impairments, with a potentially adverse effect on the profitability of the 
CGD Group. 
Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Portuguese banks have resulted in a significant 
concentration of market share. 
Competition could also increase due to new entrants (including non-bank and financial technology 
competitors) in the markets in which the Issuers operate that may have new operating models that are not 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations and that are subject to reduced regulation. New entrants may 
rely on new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory burden 
and/or faster processes in order to challenge traditional banks. Developments in technology have also 
accelerated the use of new business models and the Issuers may not be successful in adapting to this pace of 
change or may incur significant costs in adapting its business and operations to meet such changes. In particular, 
the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector resulting from new banking, lending and payment 
solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers and new entrants, in particular with respect to 
payment services and products (e.g., Fintechs), and the introduction of disruptive technology, may impede the 
Issuers’ ability to grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. 
There is no assurance that the Issuers will be able to compete effectively in some or all segments in 
which it operates, or that it will be able to maintain or increase the level of its results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets could have a material effect on CGD 
Group 
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) be deducted from CET1 capital. However, Article 
39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTAs when certain requirements are met, foreseeing that such DTAs 
are not deducted from CET1 capital. In this regard, some of the EU Member States enacted amendments to 
their national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with the aim of fulfilling the 
requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from the CET1 capital of resident credit institutions. The 
Portuguese Government approved Law No. 61/2014 of 26 August 2014, as amended from time to time (“Law 
61/2014”), which implements a similar regime, allowing Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTAs arising 
from loan impairment losses and from post-employment and long-term employment benefits into tax credits. 
The tax credits obtained with the conversion of DTAs may be offset against any State taxes on income and on 
assets payable by the taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same group for the 
purposes of prudential consolidation under the CRR. The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted 
by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs 
arising from the mismatch between the accounting and tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without 
precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with respect to the previous fiscal years. 
If any DTAs are not recovered due to any further amendment to the DTAs conversion regime, they will 
have to be derecognised, which will result in a loss in the same magnitude of the non-recoverable amount, with 
a negative impact on the profitability of CGD and the CGD Group. 
The potential impact of recovery and resolution measures, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure 
and public support measures on CGD Group’s activity cannot be anticipated 
In May 2014, the European Council and the European Parliament approved a directive establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip

--- Page 28 ---
28 
national authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms 
and to minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include: 
 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for credit institutions to have 
recovery and resolution plans); 
 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential 
services and manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used 
when the authorities consider a credit institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat 
is posed to public interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2022, 
of 9 December, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended or superseded), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory 
intervention and resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives: 
 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds; 
 
Safeguard depositors and investors’ confidence; or 
 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services. 
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to 
fail when, in the near future: 
 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities; 
 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
 
Extraordinary public financial support is required. 
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended from time to time, the Bank of Portugal’s 
powers as resolution authority in relation to certain credit institutions, including CGD, were transferred to the 
resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation – the “Single Resolution 
Board”. 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or 
other ownership instruments or of some or all obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution, without the 
consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer; 
 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party; 
 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, 
by decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution

--- Page 29 ---
29 
or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge 
institution. The asset management vehicles are legal persons owned in full or in part by the 
relevant resolution fund; and 
 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law, (other than for instance, covered 
deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds). 
Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers that an institution 
and/or certain other members of the institution’s group meet the following conditions (“Resolution 
Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that such failure will be 
avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other 
members of the its group, the application of early intervention measures or of a Non-viability Loss Absorption 
Measure (as defined below), (c) a resolution action pursues any of the public interests listed above and (d) such 
public interests would not be pursued more effectively by the commencement of winding-up proceedings 
against the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first 
losses are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of creditors 
under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of an institution’s shareholders or of the 
contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management to be sold 
or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on shareholders and on CGD Group expected returns 
and an indirect impact through changes to the institution’s business activities. 
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the 
Issuer), such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including 
limiting its capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the cancellation, 
modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Notes and/or in other 
modifications to the Conditions of the Notes and/or the Programme documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools where the 
resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the resolution 
authority to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty 
regarding the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not 
to exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that 
institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution 
authorities to permanently write-down or convert relevant capital instruments into equity (common equity tier 
1 instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the 
point of non-viability of an institution or such institution’s group and before any other resolution action has 
been taken (the “Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is 
when any of the following conditions are met: 
 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer 
be viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the 
resolution tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any CGD Group entities 
could have a material adverse impact on CGD’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory conversion 
tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, 
significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into 
equity could adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the Issuers’ ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes 
should consider the risk of losing their full investment, including principal and any accrued interest, if resolution 
measures are applied. 
Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities could have a material effect on the CGD 
Group 
In accordance with Article 138.º-AO of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet 
MREL requirements. 
In December 2023, the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities held by CGD within the scope of the 
MREL (Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) represented 27.02 per cent. of total risk 
weighted assets (RWA) and 10.10 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure (LRE). 
From January 2024, the requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to:  
 
23.08 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.25 per 
cent., corresponding to a total requirement of 26.33 per cent.;  
 
6.31 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure.  
These requirements apply to the sub-consolidated basis for the determined resolution perimeter (the 
European perimeter and Banco Nacional Ultramarino in Macau). The preferred resolution strategy is the 
Multiple Point-of-Entry (“MPE”) approach. On this date, a minimum subordination requirement was not 
applied to CGD. 
In assessing the MREL requirement, CGD considers that it is in line with its expectations and consistent 
with its financing plan. 
As a consequence of the implementation of such requirements or any new requirements of a similar 
nature, the CGD Group may be limited in its choice of issuing certain own funds and eligible liability 
instruments and may therefore be either unable to meet its capital requirements/MREL or required to meet its 
capital requirements/MREL through more costly instruments. 
These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial 
condition and operational results or prospects of the CGD Group. 
The impact on CGD of resolution measures has occurred in the past in Portugal and the funding of 
possible future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
The resolution measures applied to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (“BES”) in 2014 and to Banif in 2015, 
impacted the Portuguese financial system and the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, 
of 10 February (the “Resolution Fund”), of which CGD is a participant. The Resolution Fund is financed by 
periodic contributions from participating institutions, including CGD, which are adjusted based on their 
liabilities, risk profile, systemic relevance and solvency position of each participating institution.  
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 
19/2022 for 2023, the rate has been set at 0.029 per cent.. 
On 13 February 2023, the Ministry of Finance announced that the European Commission intended to 
declare the completion of Novo Banco’s restructuring process, confirming the successful restructuring of Novo 
Banco agreed in 2017, resulting from the combined execution of the restructuring plan led by the Bank of 
Portugal and the sales agreements, in particular the contingent capitalisation agreement under which the amount 
transferred by the resolution fund to Novo Banco was €485,000 thousand less than the maximum amount of 
€3,890,000 thousand defined in the contract. On 9 December 2024, Novo Banco announced its decision to 
terminate the contingent capitalisation agreement ahead of its contractual maturity in December 2025.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
There is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES, Banif and any others that may be applied 
in the future may prejudice investors’ and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial 
system and CGD as a participant thereto. 
Exposure to specialised funds in credit recovery 
The CGD Group has entered into a series of transactions through which it sold assets, namely credits to 
customers, to funds specialised in credit recovery, in exchange for units of those funds. 
As a participant in these types of funds, specialised in credit recovery, the CGD Group, as any other 
participant, does not have the possibility of requesting the reimbursement of its units during the life of the 
respective fund. On the other hand, there is no secondary market for these units, which makes their sale unlikely. 
These units are held by several banks in the market, which are the transferors of the credits, in percentages that 
vary throughout the life of the funds, but which require that no bank individually holds more than 50 per cent. 
of the fund at any time. 
The funds have a specific management structure, entirely independent from the participant banks, the 
purpose of which is to ensure the implementation of recovery measures of the assets. 
As of 30 June 2024, the CGD Group had a net exposure to funds specialised in credit recovery in the 
amount of €70,478 million, against a net exposure in the amount of €97,014 million, as of 31 December 2023. 
A possible deterioration in the recovery expectations of the disposed credits to funds specialised in credit 
recovery may result in a devaluation of the Net Asset Value of the units held by the CGD Group, which could 
require the establishment of additional impairments, with a potentially adverse effect on the profitability of the 
CGD Group. 
CGD is exposed to pension risk 
CGD must pay its employees pensions for chronic ill health, disability or retirement, in addition to the 
survival pensions paid to employees.  
CGD transferred all of its pension fund liabilities to Caixa Geral de Aposentações (“CGA”). 
Until 31 December 2022, the Group continued to operate a pension plan for the former and current 
employees of CGD. This plan had been closed to new participants since 2012. The capacity to meet pension 
plan liabilities was hedged by the management of an assets portfolio whose strategy had been approved by the 
members’ board of directors, under the management of an independent management entity. Regular 
contributions to the fund by the member and participants were also stipulated. 
In February 2023, the council of ministers approved the extinction of Fundo de Pensões (CGD’s pension 
fund) and the transfer of the liabilities and the amount corresponding to such liabilities to CGA, with reference 
to 31 December 2022. This operation limits CGD's exposure to the extinct pension fund to the amount calculated 
at the end of the first five-year period, through the compensation mechanism for possible differences between 
the effective growth rates of salaries and pensions and those considered as assumptions in the actuarial study 
that supported the transfer, with a maximum value of €320 million. 
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, the CGD Group may be required or may choose to 
make additional payments to the CGD Group’s pension schemes which, depending on the amount, could have 
a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The CGD Group is exposed to IT, data protection, management of confidential/personal information, 
cybercrime, infrastructure and operational risks 
The CGD Group’s ability to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade the CGD 
Group’s information technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. The CGD Group must continually make 
significant investments and improvements in its information technology infrastructure to remain competitive. 
Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the CGD Group’s information technology infrastructure and 
management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the Group. Losses 
can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, or from 
external events that interrupt normal business operations. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, 
confidential or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty 
or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. As a result of the 
digitalisation process, financial services banks are currently more exposed to cyberattack or technological 
operating problems. Excessive reliance on end-of-life IT systems, i.e. without security updates and therefore

--- Page 32 ---
32 
more open to cybercrime, existing concentration in the supply of several IT services, and frequent use of digital 
media in customer relations during the period of social distancing measures required by the COVID-19 outbreak 
created potentially systemic repercussions in terms of security failures and may create additional risks for the 
banking sector. The CGD Group also faces the risk that computer or telecommunications systems could fail, 
despite its efforts to maintain these systems in good working order. Given the high volume of transactions the 
CGD Group processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the CGD Group’s internal processes, 
employees or systems, including any of the CGD Group’s financial, accounting or other data processing 
systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to the CGD Group’s reputation. In addition, despite the 
contingency plans the CGD Group has in place, the CGD Group’s ability to conduct business may be adversely 
affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its operations and the markets and communities in 
which it does business. In addition to that, in the course of its activities, the CGD Group may face operational 
risks including, but not limited to, the risk of losses resulting from inadequacies or procedural failures caused 
by persons and information systems, or due to external events. Operational risk management within the CGD 
Group is based on analysis by processes (end-to-end) supported by a set of guidelines, methodologies and 
regulations recognised as good practice. 
CGD’s activity is subject to reputational risk 
CGD is exposed to reputational risk understood as the probability of negative impacts for CGD resulting 
from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, suppliers, 
analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which CGD may be related, or even public 
opinion in general. CGD continually monitors this risk by means of, among other things, policies that govern 
the procedures that allow CGD: (i) to minimise the probability of reputational risk; (ii) to identify this risk, 
report it to CGD’s Board of Directors and overcome situations that may involve this risk; (iii) to ensure follow 
up and control of any impacts of this risk; and (iv) to provide evidence, if necessary, that CGD has reputation 
risk amongst its main concerns and has the organisation and means required to foresee acts and facts that may 
lead to this risk and, should it be the case, the ability to overcome it. In any event, CGD cannot assure potential 
investors that it will be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk if the same occurs and, should that 
be the case, any failure to execute CGD’s reputational risk policies successfully could materially adversely 
affect CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation and Conduct risks 
The CGD Group faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. 
These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory 
requirements, ethical issues and conduct by companies in which the CGD Group holds strategic investments or 
joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the amount of damages 
asserted against the CGD Group, or subject the CGD Group to regulatory enforcement actions, fines and 
penalties. 
In September 2019, the Portuguese Competition Authority (“AdC”) imposed a fine of €82,000,000.00 
on CGD. According to the AdC, between May 2002 and March 2013, several banks established in Portugal 
(including CGD) participated in an exchange of sensitive information, in the context of housing loans, consumer 
credit and corporate credit, relating to (i) commercial conditions (prices/spread or intentions to change the 
respective prices/spreads which, according to the AdC, were not in the public domain at the time of the exchange 
of information or were difficult to access or systematise), and (ii) production data (monthly production figures 
of each bank: individualised data from each bank on ‘marketed’ quantities, i.e. broken-down information on the 
value and volume of loans granted in euros in a given period, usually relating to the previous month). The AdC 
also considered that the shared information was of a relevant, strategic and non-public nature, and that it was 
individual and broken-down information, which allows to reduce the risk of competitive pressure and the 
uncertainty usually associated with the strategic behaviour of a competitor. CGD judicially challenged the 
decision with the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court on 22 October 2019. The trial began on 6 
October 2021 and the hearing reopened on 8 April 2022, after the final allegations made by the parties. The 
reopening of the hearing was determined by the presiding judge for the purpose of altering non-substantial facts 
in relation to those contained in the charge. On 28 April 2022, the court decided to refer a number of questions 
concerning the interpretation of European Union law to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a 
preliminary ruling pursuant to which the infringement procedure was suspended until the Court of Justice has 
issued its decision.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
On 20 September 2024, CGD was notified of the decision by the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court, which maintained the decision of the AdC. 
Now that the decision is known, CGD’s Board of Directors considers that the decision will be appealed 
during which the correctness of CGD’s reasoning will be demonstrated, which is why it considers that no change 
to the accounting treatment followed in previous periods is required. 
In March and April 2024, CGD was cited in three civil actions filed by a consumer protection association 
and a business association against CGD and eight other banks. These actions seek compensation for alleged 
damages resulting from the alleged violations of competition law. 
Any other material legal proceedings, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, 
may further adversely impact the CGD Group’s business, reputation and results of operations. 
3 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
3.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Unsolicited credit ratings could have a negative impact on investors’ assessment and affect CGD’s cost 
of borrowing 
Unsolicited credit ratings are based only on publicly available information, not considering information 
obtained directly from the analysed entity. As such, these ratings may be lower than a rating assigned on the 
basis of a credit report that has followed all the normal procedures including a substantial due diligence 
necessary for the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer. Consequently, an unsolicited credit 
rating of CGD could impact investors’ assessment and could affect CGD’s cost of borrowing. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default. Holders of Notes may not 
be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early 
intervention or resolution measure under the RGICSF  
Holders have a very limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes. The terms 
and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that 
(i) an order is made by any competent court commencing bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the 
relevant Issuer or for its winding up or dissolution, or the relevant Issuer institutes such proceedings or (ii) an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed by the relevant Issuer’s shareholders for the winding-up of 
that Issuer. 
The relevant Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the 
RGICSF following the implementation of the BRRD. The adoption of any early intervention or resolution 
procedure shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the relevant Issuer to 
exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall 
further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of 
default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of 
any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has 
been applied pursuant to the RGICSF. 
Any enforcement by a holder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to 
such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above (see “—Potential impact of 
recovery, resolution measures, Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure and public support measures on CGD 
Group’s activity”). Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the 
application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the RGICSF. There can be no assurance that the taking 
of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of holders, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by 
a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default may be limited in these 
circumstances. As regards Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainable Notes (each as defined below) please also 
refer to “—No Events of Default” below.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
The Subordinated Notes, certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
may be redeemed prior to maturity upon a Capital Disqualification Event or upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event, as applicable 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, or 
certain other Notes where “MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, upon a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
only) or following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of certain Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, or certain other Notes where “MREL Disqualification 
Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms upon a Capital Disqualification Event 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of certain Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes), as applicable, will be subject to the 
prior consent of the Relevant Authority (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time, and it is 
uncertain whether or not such consent will be obtained. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not certain Notes will or may qualify as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments (see “–The qualification of certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty”) or if any further change in the laws or regulations of 
Portugal, the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) or in the 
application or official interpretation thereof will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the relevant 
Issuer is able to elect to redeem such Notes, and if so whether or not the relevant Issuer will elect to exercise 
such option to redeem such Notes or if any prior consent of the Relevant Authority, if required, will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(e) or pursuant 
to Condition 6(f)) are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there 
is any actual increase in the likelihood that the relevant Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. The 
relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. 
The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be MREL-Eligible 
Instruments (as defined in the Conditions) under the MREL Requirements. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding how those regulations will be interpreted and applied and the relevant Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may be (or 
thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
The Notes may be redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its option in certain circumstances 
If, in relation to any particular issue of Notes, the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its 
option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. Subordinated Notes may, under the 
circumstances set out, and subject to Conditions 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer), 6(e) (Redemption due to a Capital Disqualification Event) and 6(g) (Clean-up Call 
Option), be redeemed early at the option of the relevant Issuer. Any other Notes may also be redeemed early by 
the relevant Issuer at its sole option as set out, and subject to, the Conditions. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when 
the relevant Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes that are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium on their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured, unguaranteed and 
subordinated. In the event of the bankruptcy or winding-up of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Noteholders’ 
claims shall be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the relevant 
Issuer. Accordingly, no payments of amounts due under the Subordinated Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
in the event of bankruptcy or winding-up of the relevant Issuer (to the extent permitted by the applicable law) 
except where all sums due from the relevant Issuer in respect of the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of 
the relevant Issuer are paid in full, as more fully described in Condition 3(b). Although the Subordinated Notes 
may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is a significant risk 
that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose, all or some of its investment should the relevant Issuer 
become insolvent, while investors in other comparable but not subordinated notes may not lose or lose less of 
its investment in such event. 
Risks related to withholding tax applicable to the Notes  
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Book Entry Notes integrated in and held through 
Interbolsa, as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System (Central de Valores Mobiliários), held 
by non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax exemption 
regime approved by Decree-Law 193/ 2005 of 7 November, as amended, (“Decree-Law 193/2005”), may 
benefit from an up-front withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification 
requirements are complied with (see “Taxation – Portugal” for these procedures and certification requirements). 
In order to benefit from this regime it is mandatory that the Book Entry Notes be integrated in and held through 
(i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the 
CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity established 
in an EU Member State other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, in this 
case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in 
tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU 
Member States, or (iii) in other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the 
Portuguese Government authorises the application of Decree-Law 193/2005. Failure to comply with these 
procedures and certifications will result in the application of the Portuguese domestic withholding rate of 25 
per cent. (in case of legal persons), of 28 per cent. (in case of individuals) or of 35 per cent. (in case of payments 
to (i) omnibus accounts without disclosure of the effective beneficiary or to (ii) legal persons or individuals 
domiciled in blacklisted jurisdictions as defined in Ministerial Order 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from 
time to time, as the case may be, or, if applicable, in reduced withholding tax rates (to which a 5, 10, 12 or 15 
per cent. rate may apply), pursuant to tax treaties signed by Portugal, provided that the procedures and 
certification requirements established by the relevant tax treaty are complied with (see “Taxation – Portugal”). 
The relevant Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases 
indicated in the Taxation section of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including failure to comply with the 
procedures and certifications referred to above. Accordingly, Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure 
that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of the Notes. None of the Issuers, the 
Permanent Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the clearing systems assume any 
responsibility therefor. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders’ details  
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and 
the clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate collection from the effective beneficiaries of the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Notes (“Noteholders”) of the information referred to in “Risks related to withholding tax” above required to 
comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law 193/2005. Under Decree-Law 193/2005, 
the obligation of collecting proof from the Noteholders of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the 
fulfilling the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades 
registadoras directas) the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. A summary 
of these procedures is set out in “Taxation – Portugal”. Such procedures and certifications may be revised from 
time to time, in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from the 
Portuguese tax authorities regarding such laws and regulations and the operational procedures of the clearing 
systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa, or by an applicable international clearing system under 
Decree-Law 193/2005, Noteholders must rely on and comply with such procedures in order to receive payments 
under the Notes free of any withholding, if applicable. Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that 
they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the 
relevant Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the paying agents or the direct registering entities (entidades 
registadoras directas), or the clearing systems, their management entities or participants, assume any 
responsibility in this regard. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period 
can be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, compensation and retention rights 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary 
Senior Note (unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set Off” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Not 
Applicable”) or Coupon relating thereto (if any) may exercise or claim any set-off, netting, counterclaim, 
compensation or retention right in respect of any amount owned by it to the relevant Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Note or Senior Note, as the case may be, or Coupon relating thereto (if any) 
and each holder of a Subordinated Note or Senior Note, as the case may be, or Coupon relating thereto (if any) 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set off. 
The relevant Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or 
senior to the Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the relevant Issuer may issue 
or incur and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, any other issue of Subordinated Notes. The issue of any 
such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders upon a winding-up or insolvency of the CGD Group. See also the risk factor below entitled “An 
investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the relevant Issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution”.  
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 6(k), if a Capital Disqualification 
Event or a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or if such substitution or variation is 
necessary to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of the statutory loss absorption powers set out in 
Condition 18(e), the relevant Issuer may (subject to (a) the relevant Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 
60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, the Trustee and the Paying Agents in 
accordance with Condition 16, which notice shall be irrevocable and (b) prior to the issuance of the relevant 
securities, the relevant Issuer delivering a certificate to the Trustee signed by two authorised signatories of the 
relevant Issuer certifying (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant Securities and (ii) that such securities 
will not have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes) at its option 
and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (1) to substitute all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Notes for Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 6(k)), or (2) vary the terms of the relevant

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. While Compliant Securities 
generally must contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the 
relevant Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Compliant Securities will be viewed by the 
market as equally favourable, or that the Compliant Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at 
which the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, which are used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments 
(“Benchmarks”), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are 
created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further 
changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done 
in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
The BMR was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires Benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuers) 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The BMR and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark” (such as Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR and/or the UK BMR. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
(i) 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In 
circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any 
successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued, may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference 
Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread). 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is 
unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, such Issuer may determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread). 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined by the Independent Adviser or the relevant Issuer, as the case 
may be, the Conditions provide that the relevant Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval 
of the Noteholders. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the application of an Adjustment Spread may 
result in the Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. 
There is no guarantee that any Adjustment Spread will be effective in reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit to holders of the Notes or that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined 
or applied. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on the 
Notes. 
(iii) 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or each of the Independent Adviser 
and the relevant Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the 
Independent Advisor (failing which, the relevant Issuer) is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate before the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest 
for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, respectively, will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, 
before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of 
Interest. 
Where the relevant Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the relevant Issuer) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of 
any given Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, it will continue to attempt to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to 
result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, 
or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue 
to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the same

--- Page 39 ---
39 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) as 
Tier 2 Capital and/or (in the case of Senior Notes) as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return of, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information could have a material adverse effect on the Notes  
European Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014, which amended EU Council Directive 
2011/16/EU (the “Administrative Cooperation Directive”) extended the mandatory automatic exchange of 
information to a wider range of income, including financial income, in line with the Standard for Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters issued by Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development in July 2014 and with the bilateral exchange agreements between the United States of 
America and several other countries to implement the United States’ Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(“FATCA”). 
The Administrative Cooperation Directive was amended by EU Council Directive 2021/514/EU of 22 
March 2021, which extended the mandatory automatic exchange of information to digital platforms that connect 
sellers of certain goods and services with the respective buyers, with the aim to combat fraud, evasion and tax 
avoidance in the digital economy and the cross-border dimension of the services offered through the use of 
digital platforms. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree Law No. 61/2013 of 10 May 2013. In 
addition, Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic exchange of 
taxation information was implemented into Portuguese law through Decree Law No. 64/2016 of 11 October 
2016, as amended by Decree Law No. 98/2017 of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019 
(the “Portuguese CRS Law”). Council Directive 2021/514/EU was implemented through Law 36/2023, of 26 
July, which amended Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May. 
Under the Portuguese CRS Law, exchange of information relating to the previous year is due by 31 July 
of each year. 
Through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016 of 11 October 2016 (as 
amended by Law 98/2017 of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019), Portugal has 
implemented legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of America on 
financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA, based 
on an intergovernmental agreement signed between both countries on 6 August 2015, ratified by Portugal on 5 
August 2016 and that entered into force on 10 August 2016.  
Under such legislation the Issuers will be required to obtain information regarding certain 
accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax authorities until 31 May of each year, with 
reference to the previous year, which, in turn, will report such information to the Internal Revenue Service of 
the United States of America. 
The Notes may be subject to Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission made a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a directive on a common FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, 
Slovakia and Slovenia (the “Participating Member States” and each a “Participating Member State”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The mechanism by which the tax would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the proposed 
directive or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the 
liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Following the lack of consensus in the negotiations on the Commission’s Proposal, the Participating 
Member States (excluding Estonia) and the scope of such tax are uncertain. Based on recent public statements, 
the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have agreed to continue negotiations on the basis of a 
proposal that would reduce the scope of the FTT and would only concern listed shares of European companies 
with a market capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the taxation year. 
According to this revised proposal, the applicable tax rate would not be less than 0.2 per cent. Such proposal 
remains subject to change until a final approval and it may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the 
timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. Prospective 
holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the consequences of the FTT 
that could be associated with subscribing for, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a judicial decision or a change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except Conditions 3 and 18(e) which are 
governed by Portuguese law), save that, with respect to Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal) 
and transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise 
of rights under the Notes are governed by Portuguese law, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
No assurances can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or of any change to English or 
Portuguese law or administrative practice in either of those jurisdictions after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes any such decision or change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes so that its holding amounts to a minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
3.2 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should 
be read together with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described above. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the relevant Issuer’s 
insolvency or resolution  
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the Conditions) will be 
unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank junior to all 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in 
the Conditions)). Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the relevant Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented in 
Portugal through Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015 (which amended the Banking Law)) and the 
Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power (and, in case they 
constitute Tier 2 instruments, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure) or (ii) insolvent. 
In the case of any exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for the 
principal amount of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes if they qualify as such as it is expected) 
to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to the principal amount of 
subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments (Instruments) in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation and for the latter to be written-down or 
converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to any write-down or conversion of the principal 
amount or outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Non Preferred Notes), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency 
legislation. Subordinated Notes which constitute Tier 2 instruments may be subject to the Non-viability Loss 
Absorption Measure, which may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Portuguese 
Bail-In Power Measure. See “–Potential impact of recovery, resolution measures, Non-viability Loss Absorption 
Measure and public support measures on CGD Group’s activity”. 
In accordance with Article 48(7) of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, EU Member States shall ensure 
that, for credit institutions, all claims resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing normal 
insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. 
BRRD II was implemented in Portugal through Law 23-A/2022 of 9 December 2022, and in particular the 
aforementioned Article 48(7) was transposed through the inclusion of Article 8-B to Decree-Law 199/2006 of 
25 October 2006, as amended. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that a Series of Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred or other fully disqualified own funds instruments would, in the relevant 
Issuer’s bankruptcy, rank senior to Subordinated Notes which qualify as Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the 
Conditions). The relevant Issuer is not restricted from issuing further debt ranking pari passu or senior to the 
Subordinated Notes: see the risk factor above entitled “The relevant Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further 
debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the Subordinated Notes”. See also Condition 3(b), which 
provides that the status and ranking of the Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory applicable law. The 
foregoing provisions increase the risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes would lose all or some of its 
investment should the relevant Issuer become subject to resolution (as described above) or insolvent.  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to the relevant 
Issuer’s unsubordinated obligations including the Ordinary Senior Notes; deposits provide a 
preferential claim over the claim of holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unguaranteed and unsecured senior non 
preferred obligations of the relevant Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A of Decree Law No. 199/2006 of 25 
October 2006, as amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented 
Directive 2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 (“Article 8-A”). Upon the insolvency of the relevant Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of rights of the holders of any Senior Non Preferred Notes 
rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), 
(a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions), 
(b) junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes and any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the 
Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the relevant Issuer, the claims in respect of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of any excluded liabilities pursuant to Article 
72A(2) of the CRR, and (c) senior to any present and future subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer. 
The relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its 
obligations in respect of unsecured derivatives and other unsecured financial contracts and its unsubordinated 
and unsecured debt securities other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 
2019 confers a preferential claim for generally all bank deposits (including all corporate bank deposits) over 
both Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. If the relevant Issuer were wound up, liquidated 
or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the assets which are available to satisfy all claims in respect of its 
unsubordinated liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors (including depositors and secured creditors 
in respect of their security) ranking ahead of holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then to satisfy 
claims of the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities). If the relevant Issuer 
does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher-ranking creditors (including depositors) in full, the 
claims of the holders under Notes will not be satisfied. Holders will share equally in any distribution of assets 
available to satisfy all claims in respect of equal-ranking liabilities if the relevant Issuer does not have sufficient 
funds to make full payment to all of them. 
In addition, if the relevant Issuer enters into resolution, its liabilities under the Notes may be subject to 
bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other securities. The sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for 
claims to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the 
applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non Preferred Notes are Senior Non Preferred Liabilities, 
the relevant Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and before any of the relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down or 
converted.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than 
creditors of the relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the relevant Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes were to become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power or (ii) insolvent. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history 
On 14 March 2019, Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 entered into force. This legislation implements 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and provides 
for the legal recognition of unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations in Portugal. It also 
confers a preferential claim to generally all bank deposits vis-à-vis senior unsecured debt (including the 
Ordinary Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). There is little trading history for senior non 
preferred securities of Portuguese financial institutions. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, 
are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non preferred securities. The credit ratings 
assigned to senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating 
agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market 
becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non 
preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at 
the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, holders may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
3.3 
Risks relating to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which are ongoing at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering 
losses on the Notes in secondary resale even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the relevant 
Issuer. The Issuers cannot predict which of those circumstances will change. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments in those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Legal considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should verify the credit ratings of CGD and the Notes at all times. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, rating agency methodologies, and therefore the ratings 
themselves (particularly as these specifically relate to Tier 2 capital instruments, such as the Subordinated 
Notes), may change without warning at any time. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. See also the risk factor headed 
“The CGD Group’s borrowing costs and liquidity levels may be negatively affected by further downgrades of 
Portugal’s sovereign rating”. 
Implementation of legislation relating to taxation could have a material adverse effect on the Notes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to 
rely upon the tax section contained in this Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Prospectus. 
3.4 
Risks relating to Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
Should any of the Notes be issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (each as defined 
below) and if any of the risks outlined in this risk factor were to materialise, there may be a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and also potentially the value of 
any other Notes which are intended to finance the CGD Group’s Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects (each as defined below) and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, if such 
investors are required to dispose of their Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes as a result of such 
Notes not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased 
volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes). 
No assurance that Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes will satisfy any investor 
requirements or expectations 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that such Notes are intended to be 
‘Green Notes’ (the “Green Notes”), ‘Social Notes’ (the “Social Notes”) or ‘Sustainability Notes’ (the 
“Sustainability Notes”). The relevant Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any 
issue of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (“Eligible Green 
Projects”) or for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing projects and activities that promote socially 
beneficial purposes (“Eligible Social Projects”), as described in the Sustainable Finance Framework dated July 
2021 (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”) published at https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-
Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/Sustainable-Finance.aspx (as amended, supplemented or otherwise

--- Page 44 ---
44 
updated from time to time). Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainable Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary. 
In connection with the issuance of Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes, Sustainalytics (a 
rating Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) firm) has evaluated the Sustainable Finance Framework 
and has issued an independent opinion confirming that the Eligible Green Projects described in the Sustainable 
Finance Framework are aligned with the International Capital Market Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond 
Principles 2021 (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from 
time to time) and that the Eligible Social Projects defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework are aligned 
with the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2023 (the “ICMA Social Bond Principles”) (as amended, supplemented 
or otherwise updated from time to time). Any such opinion or framework will not be, and shall not be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes, prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before 
making an investment in any such Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, 
no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts 
by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the relevant Issuer has 
identified as Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses 
that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects. There is also no 
requirement for any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects to have a maturity or lifespan matching 
the minimum duration of any related Green Notes, Social Notes, Sustainability Notes or any other liabilities. 
Any such mismatch shall not result an obligation or incentive for the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes at any time.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes, an ESG 
project or loan that may finance such project and the requirements of any such label may continue to develop 
and evolve, and different organisations may develop definitions or labels that are different from, and may be 
incompatible with, those set by other organisations. The EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”). The 
stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy Regulation is to establish the criteria for determining whether an economic 
activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an 
investment is environmentally sustainable. 
The EU adopted Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on a voluntary European green bond standard (the “EU 
Green Bond Regulation”) which entered into force in November 2023 and which has been applicable since 
21 December 2024. The EU Green Bond Regulation establishes a voluntary label for European green bonds 
and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the designation “European green bond” or 
“EuGB” and the conditions for external review of bonds using the label. It also creates an alternative voluntary 
approach to sustainability disclosures for bonds not using the label but marketed as environmentally sustainable 
or sustainability-linked bonds. The Issuer will not be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" 
in relation to any Green Notes nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such Green Notes 
become eligible for such designation. 
In June 2021, the UK Government appointed a new Green Technical Advisory Group, an independent 
expert group established to oversee, and provide non-binding advice to the Government on, the delivery of a 
comparable ‘Green Taxonomy’ in the UK context (the “UK Taxonomy”). Like the EU Taxonomy, the objective 
of the UK Taxonomy will be, once implemented, to provide investors with greater clarity as to how individual 
firms impact the environment.  
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions, no assurance is or 
can be given by the Issuers, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”,

--- Page 45 ---
45 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Projects. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuers, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other 
person to investors that any Notes will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green”, 
“social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, accordingly, the status of any 
Notes as being “green”, “social” or “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance that Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will be completed or meet their 
objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer when making its assessment whether 
or not to apply any proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (or amounts equal thereto) 
to such Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project. 
Accordingly no assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the 
Dealers to investors in Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes that any project(s) or use(s) the subject 
of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “environmental”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible 
Social Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification or report of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with 
the issue of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and/or the Sustainable Finance Framework 
(as updated from time to time) and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
framework, opinion or certification will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Prospectus. Any such framework, opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. Sustainalytics’ Second-Party Opinion reflects Sustainalytics’ 
independent opinion on the alignment of the reviewed Framework with the current market standards and the 
extent to which the eligible project categories are credible and impactful. Any such opinion or certification will 
only be current as of the date that it was originally issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
No assurance that Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes will be admitted to trading on any 
dedicated sustainable (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission 
obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to 
trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in an ESG 
bond index, no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
(including the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact 
of any uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects or 
the funding thereof by the relevant Issuer. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing 
or admission to trading or display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person

--- Page 46 ---
46 
that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or display will 
be maintained during the life of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. The criteria for 
acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or anticipated 
removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and refused, that could 
have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. 
No Events of Default 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes so specified on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or 
refinancing Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure 
by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects and/or any failure to publish or withdrawal of any summary of uses or opinion or certification attesting 
that the relevant Issuer is or is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such publication, 
opinion or certification is illustrating, opining on or certifying and/or any such Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes no longer being listed or admitted to or displayed on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer or the CGD 
Group (or the Arrangers or any Dealer) or (ii) constitute an Event of Default under any Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, giving any right to accelerate such Notes) 
or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the relevant Issuer for any other purpose 
or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes or be a relevant factor 
for the relevant Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of 
any Notes or (iv) affect the regulatory qualification of such Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments or Tier 2 Capital (as applicable); (v) prevent or otherwise affect the applicability 
of the Portuguese Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or loss absorption mechanism; or (vi) result in any 
step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of the Notes, or otherwise 
affect the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investors should note that Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes 
which are also MREL-Eligible Instruments or Tier 2 Capital are subject to the same prudential and resolution 
rules as other Notes issued under the Programme, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in the Conditions) will continue to apply to such Notes in full. 
There will be no impact on their ranking as described in Condition 3, and the other risks applicable to the Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes as described elsewhere in these risk factors, including with respect to loss 
absorption as a result of bail-in or write down, shall apply to such Notes irrespective of whether such Notes are 
intended to be applied to Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects. 
There is no direct or contractual link between Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and 
either (i) the Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects and (ii) any general ESG targets and 
consequently, neither the payment of principal or interest nor an investor’s right to accelerate the repayment of 
any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes is dependent on the performance of any Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects or the relevant Issuer’s adherence to any ESG targets.  
The net proceeds of the issue of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes which, from time 
to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects are intended by the 
relevant Issuer or the CGD Group to be held pending allocation as funding towards Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects; however whilst the proceeds may be separately identified from the relevant Issuer’s 
other funds strictly for accounting purposes (for instance, in a sub-account) in accordance with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles and ICMA Social Bond Principles. For the avoidance of doubt, such proceeds will not be

--- Page 47 ---
47 
segregated from the relevant Issuer’s assets or capital more generally. There is nothing to prevent Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and any proceeds of such Notes being used to absorb any and all losses of 
the relevant Issuer or the CGD Group, regardless of whether or not such losses stem from green, social, 
sustainable or other assets, in the same way as the relevant Issuer’s other instruments not classified as Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes may be called upon to cover all losses on the balance sheet.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of CGD as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, 
and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGD for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which have 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with 
the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Prospectus, save that (i) 
any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) and (ii) any 
document which is incorporated by reference therein shall not constitute part of this Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated part of a document referred to herein is either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) 
from the website of CGD (https://www.cgd.pt/English) and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as set out in the table below.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (including pages 469 – 555 (Sustainability 
Reports) of the 2022 AR (as defined below) and pages 457 – 670 (Sustainability Reports) of the 2023 AR (as 
defined below)) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the 2021 Prospectus and the 2022 Prospectus (as defined 
below) is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus other than the 2021 Conditions and 2022 Conditions 
(as defined below), respectively. 
Any information contained within a document incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference list is considered additional information that is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Information incorporated by reference  
 
Reference 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. audited annual 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
 
2022 Annual Report (“2022 AR”) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
111 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
112 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
113 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
 
114 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
 
115 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
118 to 305 
Glossary and Alternative Performance Measures 
 
311 to 317 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
660 to 668 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2022/Documents/Annual-Report-
CGD-2022.pdf   
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. audited annual 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023  
 
2023 Annual Report (“2023 AR”) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
105 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
106 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
107 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
 
108 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
 
109

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Information incorporated by reference  
 
Reference 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
112 to 288 
 
 
 
Glossary and Alternative Performance Measures 
 
294 to 300 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
 
672 to 678 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2023/Documents/Annual-Report-
CGD-2023.pdf   
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. First Half Report for 
the six months ended 30 June 2024 
 
2024 First Half Report (“2024 H1 Report”) 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated balance sheet 
 
54 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated income 
statement 
 
55 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
 
56 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated statement of 
cash flow 
 
57 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated statement of 
changes of equity 
 
58 
Notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements 
Report on Limited Review of Condensed Interim 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
60 to 177 
 
187 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2024/Documents/Board-of-
Directors-Report_1Sem2024.pdf  
The terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55 to 98 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 5 August 
2021 relating to the Programme (the “2021 Prospectus”) under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” (the “2021 Conditions”) 
https://www.cgd.pt/Investor-Relations/Emissao-
Divida/Prospetos/Documents/ProgrammeBaseProspectus2021.pdf 
The terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55 to 99 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 5 August 
2022 relating to the Programme (the “2022 Prospectus”) under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “2022 Conditions”) 
https://www.cgd.pt/Investor-Relations/Emissao-
Divida/Prospetos/Documents/ProgrammeBaseProspectus2022.pdf

--- Page 50 ---
50 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
Each of the Issuers has given an undertaking to the Arranger, the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary for 
the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of each Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the relevant Issuer 
shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a 
replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to the 
Arranger and each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as the Arranger or such Dealer may 
reasonably request. 
Copies of such supplement to this Prospectus or replacement Prospectus will be available free of charge 
at the specified office from time to time of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Each Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any of the Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning 
of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 
or 15(d) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities, 
or to any prospective purchaser of restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner, upon the 
request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. In addition, CGD will prepare and publish its audited annual consolidated financial 
statements and semi-annual accounts (which may be audited), in each case once available.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts 
included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding CGD’s financial position, business 
strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans and objectives 
relating to CGD’s products), are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of CGD, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are 
based on numerous assumptions regarding CGD’s present and future business strategies and the environment 
in which CGD will operate in the future. The important factors that could cause CGD’s actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among 
others, the economic situation in Portugal and in the other jurisdictions in which CGD and the CGD Group 
operate. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Prospectus. CGD expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in CGD’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms (except for the sentences in italics), shall be applicable to the 
Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or in book entry, representing each 
Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating 
to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes 
or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme and include, for the avoidance of doubt, Book Entry 
Notes. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes (other than Notes in book entry form) are constituted by an amended and restated trust deed 
dated 14 January 2025 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the 
“Trust Deed”) between Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its 
France branch and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined 
below). These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. 
Notes in book entry form (“Book Entry Notes”) are constituted by registration in the Interbolsa book-entry 
system and governed by these conditions and a deed poll given by the Issuer in favour of the holders of Book 
Entry Notes dated 14 January 2025 (the “Instrument”). An amended and restated agency agreement dated 5 
August 2021 (the “Agency Agreement”) has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the 
other issuer named in it, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent in 
respect of notes other than Book Entry Notes, registrar, transfer agent, exchange agent in respect of notes other 
than Book Entry Notes, and calculation agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, 
the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents, the exchange agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Exchange Agent”. “Calculation Agent” means Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch in respect of Notes other than Book Entry Notes and Caixa Geral de Depósitos in respect of 
Book Entry Notes. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection during 
usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Agency & Trust, 6th Floor, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB), at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the 
Transfer Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Holder (following a written request therefor by it) from 
the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent, subject in each case to the Holder providing evidence of its identity 
and its holding of Note satisfactory to, as applicable, the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
In the case of Book Entry Notes, CGD will be the paying agent and Calculation Agent in respect of Book 
Entry Notes in Portugal (the “Portuguese Paying Agent and Calculation Agent in respect of Book Entry 
Notes”). 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes 
in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or, in the case of holders of Book Entry Notes, the Instrument and those provisions 
of the Trust Deed applicable to them, and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of 
the Agency Agreement. 
Where square bracketed provisions together with a corresponding reference number appear in these 
Conditions, those reference numbers shall indicate the relevant provisions contained in the square brackets 
apply, or do not apply, as follows: square bracketed provisions denoted by (1) will only apply to Notes issued 
by CGD and square bracketed provisions denoted by (2) will only apply to Notes issued by CGDFB.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Notes issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. acting through its France branch (“CGDFB”) 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified 
to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon.  
Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable 
shall have the same Specified Denominations as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be in 
minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the Notes). 
This Note is an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination 
of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on 
the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” for the purposes of the Global Notes or bearer Notes issued in 
definitive form means the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to it or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note 
is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(b) 
Notes issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”) 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) form 
in the Specified Denomination. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”) as management entity of the Portuguese 
Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) (“CVM”). 
Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa as 
having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. 
One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a “Certificate”) will be delivered to the relevant 
Noteholder by the financial intermediary with which the relevant Notes are held in a securities account 
in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant Noteholder and in 
accordance with that financial intermediary’s procedures and pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an 
affiliated member of Interbolsa. Any Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect 
of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
This Note is an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination 
of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” for the purposes of Notes in book-entry form and (in relation to a 
Note) “holder” means the person in whose name a Note is registered in the relevant individual securities 
accounts held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa. 
2 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 
7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject 
to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, 
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 6(h)) or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to 
whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and 
as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant 
Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In 
this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as 
the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to 
it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption or substitution of that Note pursuant to Condition 6 or (ii) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for 
redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the 
Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
3 
Status  
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
(together, the “Senior Notes”) and the relative Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and, subject to any 
other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), in the event 
of the insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer such obligations rank and will rank: 
(i) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and 
(b) 
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes); 
and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(b) 
junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes and any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, 
accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of any excluded liabilities 
pursuant to Article 72A(2) of the CRR and any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in 
accordance with Article 8-A; and  
(c) 
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in accordance with Article 8-A. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes are subject to the Portuguese Bail-in Power. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) are direct, 
unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer subordinated as provided below and such 
obligations rank and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
In the event of the bankruptcy or winding-up of the Issuer, and subject to exceptions provided by 
mandatory applicable law the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons 
(if any) against the Issuer in respect of payments pursuant to such Notes and Coupons (to the extent 
permitted by Portuguese law) will: 
(i) 
be subordinated in the manner described in these Conditions to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital 
of the Issuer or otherwise by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with 
the Subordinated Notes and/or the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any present or future claims of holders of: (1) all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, (2) all other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or 
by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes and/or the Tier 2 Capital 
of the Issuer and (3) all share capital and/or preference shares of the Issuer.  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes are subject to the Portuguese Bail-in Power. 
The Issuer will only issue Subordinated Notes with the purpose of being qualified as Tier 2 Capital.  
In accordance with Article 8-B, (i) all claims resulting from Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital instruments 
will, in insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, have a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not 
result from an own funds item (as defined in the CRR), irrespective of any such instrument not being 
fully recognised as own funds item; (ii) any such claims resulting from Tier 1 Capital Instruments will 
have a lower ranking than any such claims resulting from Tier 2 Capital Instruments. 
Under Portuguese law a preferential claim is provided to all bank depositors vis-à-vis senior unsecured 
debt (holding Ordinary Secured Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Article 8-A” means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 
“Article 8-B” means Article 8-B of Decree-Law 199/2006; 
“Decree-Law 199/2006” means Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or superseded 
(including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017) and Law 23-A/2022 of 9 December 2022, which implemented Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of 20 May 2019); 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer: (a) who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, holders of Senior Notes) and (b) whose claims are subordinated to the 
claims of other creditors of the Issuer, other than those creditors: (i) whose claims relate to obligations 
which constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or (ii) whose claims by law

--- Page 57 ---
57 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the 
Subordinated Notes; 
“Senior Higher Priority Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer under any Ordinary Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Non Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured senior non preferred obligations of the Issuer 
under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non Preferred Notes) and any other obligations which, by law 
and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes; and 
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” each have the respective meanings given to such terms in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
This Condition 3(c) applies only to: (i) Subordinated Notes; (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-Off” is expressly specified to 
be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a relevant Note or Coupon relating thereto (if any) may at any 
time exercise or claim any set-off, netting, counterclaim, compensation or retention right in respect of 
any amount owed by it to the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Notes and the Coupons 
relating thereto (if any) and each holder of a relevant Note or Coupon relating thereto (if any) shall, by 
virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note or Coupon (or any beneficial interest 
therein), be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of a relevant Note 
or Coupon by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant Notes or 
Coupons is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its liquidation, the 
liquidator of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such 
amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator of the Issuer (as the case may be)) and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
4 
Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
(a) 
Restriction 
This Condition 4(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Negative Pledge” 
is expressly specified to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
So long as any of the Ordinary Senior Notes or Coupons (if any) remain outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed or, as the case may be, the Instrument), neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Condition 10) shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, 
assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Ordinary Senior Notes, Coupons (if any) and the Trust Deed (A) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith in the same manner or to the satisfaction of the Trustee or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, in each case to the satisfaction of 
the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as 
the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or 
as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Noteholders provided that nothing in 
this Condition 4(a) shall prevent the Issuer from creating or having outstanding Security on or with 
respect to the assets or receivables or any part thereof of the Issuer which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby the 
indebtedness secured by such Security or having the benefit of such secured guarantee or indemnity is 
limited to the value of such assets or receivables.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(b) 
Relevant Debt 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Debt” means any present or future (actual or contingent) 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities that, with the 
consent of the Issuer are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in 
on any stock exchange or other recognised securities market (other than an issue which is placed in 
Portugal in an amount greater than 50 per cent. of its aggregate principal amount), having an original 
maturity of more than one year from its date of issue. For the avoidance of doubt, “indebtedness”, for 
the purpose of this definition, does not include preference shares or any other equity securities or 
Covered Bonds (as defined below). 
“Covered Bonds” means any mortgage-backed bonds and/or covered bonds issued pursuant to Decree 
Law No. 59/2006 of 20 March 2006 or any succeeding or replacing legislation, namely Decree Law No. 
31/2022 of 6 May 2022 by any of the Issuers or any subsidiary thereof, the obligations of which benefit 
from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) as a result of them being collateralised 
by a defined pool of assets comprised of mortgage loans or other eligible assets permitted by applicable 
Portuguese legislation to be included in the pool of assets and where the requirements for that 
collateralisation are regulated by applicable Portuguese legislation. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the relevant Final Terms on which interest 
is payable in each year (each an “Interest Payment Date”) and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case 
of the Interest Amount, in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 
5(g) and, for such purposes, references in Condition 5(a) to “Fixed Rate Notes” shall be deemed to be 
to “Reset Notes” and Condition 5(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent

--- Page 59 ---
59 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 5(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined as if the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations remained as at the 
last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, an amount 
set out in the relevant Final Terms as the “First Reset Period Fallback”. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii), “Mid-Swap Reference Banks” means the principal office 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day (where a “London Business Day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London) thereafter. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will 
notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any reset Rate of Interest and relevant Interest Amount(s) no 
later than the first day of each Reset Period. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided that 
in circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be 
required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and 
seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the 
relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion 
shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent or other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(and references in this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) to “Calculation Agent” shall 
be construed accordingly). If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for 
the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest calculated and due on the Senior Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes will not be amended pursuant to these Conditions on the 
basis of the credit standing of the Issuer.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Clean-up Call 
Option Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount to be 
notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b) (ii), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and 
quotations given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Conditions 5(b) and 
5(c) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of bad faith and wilful default) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 5(b) and 5(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and at its own cost, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(vi)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(i) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents or the Noteholders or the Couponholders (if any) for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(ii) 
Issuer Determination 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (b) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(i)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may itself determine (but shall not be obliged to determine) (i) a Successor

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with this Condition 5(i) (with the relevant provisions in this 
Condition 5(i) applying mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer 
without consultation with an Independent Adviser). In the event the Issuer decides to make a 
determination in accordance with this Condition 5(i), without prejudice to the definitions hereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer shall take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any published guidance 
from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in 
the international debt capital markets. 
(iii) 
Issuer’s failure to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, or 
otherwise decides not to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods or Reset Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(iv) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(i)). 
(v) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser (or the Issuer, as the case may be) is unable to determine the quantum of, or 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Independent Adviser (or Issuer, as 
the case may be) determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed 
and/or the Instrument are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (b) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(i)(vii), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed and/or the Instrument to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(i)(vii), the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the 
Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(vi), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5(i), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(ii) or 5(c), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks and one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) 
appoint a leading investment or commercial bank or financial institution (of international repute) 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Determinations of Calculation Agent Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and all Holders and (in the absence of 
wilful default or gross negligence) no liability to the Holders or the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(vi). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be; (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate; and (c) in the case of (v), on 
the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Additional Business Centres. 
“Relevant Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Portugal or such other or 
successor authority which is responsible for prudential supervision, resolution matters and/or 
empowered by national law to supervise the Issuer and Group as part of the supervisory system in 
operation in Portugal (and which may be the Relevant Resolution Authority where the context so 
requires). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of EU Member States that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Conditions 
5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such 
sum adjusted (if necessary) to reflect the frequency of scheduled interest payments on the Notes). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject to Conditions 5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), for any Reset 
Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as set out in the Final Terms and to 
Condition 5(i), if applicable, EURIBOR. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Conditions 5(b)(ii) 
and (if applicable) 5(i), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means, in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable, and in any other case, the rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory bodies or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or to the Maturity 
Date, if there is no succeeding Subsequent Reset Date). 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Conditions 5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum adjusted (if necessary) to reflect the frequency of scheduled interest 
payments on the Notes). 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor thereto. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Senior Note or 
Subordinated Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount. Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by 
the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations will 
have an original maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will 
have a minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, no payments of principal under the 
Notes will be made in instalments. 
Notes will not be issued with a maturity of less than 398 (three hundred and ninety-eight) days.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) above), 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount (together with any accrued interest). 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) (where 
applicable), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before 
the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 8(b) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
[France](2)[Portugal](1) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date or, if later, the latest date (if any) on which 
any Further Notes have been issued pursuant to Condition 15 (the Issue Date or, where applicable, the 
such later date being, the “Reference Date”), and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, until five years have elapsed since the Reference Date this Condition 
6(c) shall only apply if the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Reference 
Date.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such redemption is also subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) and, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, only permitted after five years from the relevant Reference Date.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have 
been drawn in such place as the Issuer (acting reasonably) may approve and in such manner (acting 
reasonably) as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
or other relevant authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a Capital Disqualification Event 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(l) and the following paragraph, at any time (but which shall be on an Interest 
Payment Date if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption) if there is a change (which has 
occurred or which the Relevant Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes and as a result some of, or the entire principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes would be excluded from the Issuer’s own funds and/or the Group or have a lower 
quality form of own funds (a “Capital Disqualification Event”). 
In the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the Reference Date 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Authority that the relevant change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Reference Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither any amortisation of Subordinated Notes pursuant to the CRR as it 
stands on the Reference Date nor any limitation on the amount of Subordinated Notes that may be 
eligible for the inclusion in the amount of Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group shall constitute 
a Capital Disqualification Event. 
(f) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Notes where “MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the 
relevant Final Terms only, , a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may at its option, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) and the following paragraph, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these 
Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes on 
the date specified for redemption in such notice. 
Notes redeemed early pursuant to this Condition 6(f) will be redeemed at their early redemption amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)”) (which shall be the principal 
amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) as may be specified in 
or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy (whether on a risk-weighted, leverage, or other basis), 
prudential supervision (including the requisite features of own funds instruments and/or resolution) 
and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD V, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements for eligible 
liabilities, resolution and/or solvency then in effect of the European Central Bank, the Relevant Authority 
or such other or successor governmental authority exercising primary bank supervisory authority from 
time to time, in each case with respect to prudential or resolution matters in relation to the Issuer and/or 
the Group, in each case to the extent then in effect in Portugal including the Institutions Act (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or superseded from 
time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 and by Directive (EU) 
2019/879); 
“CRD V” means any, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD Implementing 
Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or superseded from time to time (including, without 
limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/878); 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR which 
may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts 
(regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, 
and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant Authority, the European Banking Authority or any 
other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on a 
consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as 
the case may be, of the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis);  
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be 
amended or superseded from time to time (including, without limitation, by Regulation (EU) 2019/876); 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, or in the application or official interpretation thereof, in any case becoming 
effective after the Reference Date, that at any time all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes where “MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
does not fully qualify or ceases to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes 
being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible Instruments by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
a buy-back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes where “MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in 
connection to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount of such Notes 
that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that complies with the MREL Requirements; and 
“MREL Requirements” means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Clean-up 
Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued 
has been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6, the 
Issuer may, from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date (subject to Condition 6(l)), having 
given not more than the maximum period nor less than minimum period of notice specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Holders at any time 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if applicable, with unpaid interest accrued to (but 
excluding) such date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes accordingly. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g), any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 15 so as to 
be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have 
been originally issued. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and  
“Clean-up Call Effective Date” means (i) in the case of Senior Notes, the Issue Date of the first tranche 
of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
such earlier specified date as the Relevant Authority has first given the Issuer its consent or permission 
to. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If, in relation to Senior Notes only, Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if any)) provided that no deposit of Notes will 
be required in respect of Book Entry Notes with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) 
the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note 
or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l), purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons (if any) comply with any applicable laws and unexchanged Talons 
(if any) relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. 
In respect of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, in each case subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l), the Issuer (if and to the extent then 
required), any of its Subsidiaries and any undertaking in which the Issuer has participation in the form 
of ownership, direct or by way of control, of 20 per cent. or more of the voting rights or capital of that 
undertaking, may purchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes, 
as the case may be (provided that all unmatured Coupons (if any) comply with any applicable laws and 
unexchanged Talons (if any) relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith), in the open 
market or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and all unexchanged Talons (if any) to the Issuing and Paying Agent or in accordance 
with Interbolsa regulations in the case of Book Entry Notes and, in the case of Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if any) attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be permanently and irrevocably discharged. 
(k) 
Substitution and Variation of Notes 
Where “Capital Disqualification Event – Substitution and Variation” or “MREL Disqualification Event 
– Substitution and Variation”, as the case may be, is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 
6(e)) or, as the case may be, an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 6(f)), has occurred 
and is continuing, or that such substitution or variation is necessary to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of the statutory loss absorption powers set out in Condition 18(e), then the Issuer may, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Trustee (subject to the notice requirements below)) either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. Upon the expiry of the notice required by this Condition 
6(k), the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the relevant Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 6(k), as the case may be and, subject as set out below, the Trustee shall agree to such 
substitution or variation. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(k), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(k) is subject to (a) the Issuer giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, the 
Trustee and the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 16, which notice shall be irrevocable and 
(b) prior to the issuance of the relevant securities, the Issuer delivering a certificate to the Trustee signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer certifying (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant 
Securities and (ii) that such securities will not have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than 
the terms of the relevant Notes.  
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(k) shall not give the Issuer an option 
to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
The Trustee shall (subject to receipt of certification from the Issuer as referred to above) concur in the 
substitution of the relevant Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the relevant Notes so that they 
remain or become, Compliant Securities, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to concur in any 
such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed alternative Compliant Securities or the 
concurring in such substitution or variation would, in the Trustee’s opinion, impose more onerous 
obligations upon it, expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or require the Trustee 
to incur any liability in respect of which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(k): 
“Compliant Securities” means securities that: 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing), provided that such securities:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(1) 
contain terms such that they qualify as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as 
the case may be; and 
(2) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s perspective, more 
favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and 
Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Notes 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(3) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued interest, principal 
and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(4) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/or interest; and 
(5) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, write-off 
or conversion to ordinary shares, other than through the application of statutory powers 
pursuant to the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(6) 
do not contain terms such that redemption pursuant to any one or more of Conditions 6(c), 
(e), (f) or (g) could occur upon, or be foreseeable as a result of, such substitution or 
variation. 
(d) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) such other EEA 
regulated market as selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee; and 
(e) 
(save where the substitution or variation is being made in order to ensure the enforceability of 
Condition 18(e) and any downgrade is or would be directly attributable to such substitution or 
variation) where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating 
solicited by the Issuer from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation 
each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Notes as substituted or varied. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service España, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective successors. 
(l) 
Pre-conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Notes 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Notes in accordance with Conditions 6(c), (d), 
(e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) is subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior consent or permission of the Relevant Authority if and as 
required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time; and 
(b) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
purchase, substitution or variation as may be required by the Relevant Authority or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time, including, for the purposes of the Subordinated 
Notes, any applicable limits provided in Article 78(1) of the CRR; and 
(c) 
in the case of Conditions 6(c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (k) only, prior to the publication of any notice 
of early redemption or substitution or variation pursuant to those provisions, the Issuer having 
delivered to the Trustee (in the case of Notes other than Book Entry Notes) or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (in the case of Book Entry Notes) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the relevant events giving rise to the early redemption of the relevant 
Notes, or the right to substitute or vary the relevant Notes, as the case may be, has occurred and 
is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the case of a certificate delivered in connection 
with Condition 6(c) only, a statement that the obligation referred to in Condition 6(c)(i) above 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, and the Trustee or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to accept such certificate without 
any further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the occurrence of such relevant events, and the 
satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in Condition 6(c)(ii) in the case of a certificate 
delivered in connection with Condition 6(c), in which case it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Paying Agents.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Any refusal by the Relevant Authority to give its consent or permission as contemplated above shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose.  
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, the consent or permission of the Relevant Authority for any 
purchase or redemption prior to the relevant Maturity Date will not be required where the Notes are not, 
or have not been, eligible to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and Book Entry Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(i)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency with, a Bank. “Bank” 
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to T2. 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the 
Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in the relevant currency, 
details of which appear in the records of the relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa at the close of 
business on the Payment Business Day (as defined below) before the due date for payment of principal 
and/or interest. 
“Payment Business Day” means a day which (subject to Condition 8): 
(a) 
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest; and 
(b) 
is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of Interest 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth DTC business day (meaning any day on which DTC (as defined in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)), is open for business) before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record 
Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(iii) 
Payment Initiation 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency, 
payment instructions (for value the date, or if that is not a relevant Business Day, for value the 
first following day which is a relevant Business Day) will be initiated on the last day on which 
the Paying Agent is open for business on the due date for payment or, in the case of payments of 
principal where the relevant Certificate has not been surrendered at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, on a day on which the Paying Agent is open for business and on which the 
relevant Certificate is surrendered. 
(iv) 
Payments Through The Depository Trust Company 
Registered Notes, if so specified on them, will be issued in the form of one or more Certificates 
registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, The Depository Trust Company 
(“DTC”). Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars will be made in accordance with Conditions 7(b)(i), (ii) and (iii). Payments of principal

--- Page 80 ---
80 
and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee 
for, DTC and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made or 
procured to be made by the Paying Agent in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with 
the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified Currency payable by the Paying Agent 
or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received 
from the Issuer by the Paying Agent who will make payments in such Specified Currency by wire 
transfer of same day funds to the designated bank account in such Specified Currency of those 
DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election 
to DTC, in the case of interest payment, on or prior to the third DTC business day after the Record 
Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments of principal, at least 12 
DTC business days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive payments in such Specified 
Currency. The Paying Agent, after the Exchange Agent has converted amounts in such Specified 
Currency into U.S. dollars, will deliver such U.S. dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for 
payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant 
payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such Specified Currency. 
(v) 
Delay in Payment 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay after the due date 
in receiving the amount due on a Note if the due date is not a business day, if the Noteholder is 
late in surrendering or cannot surrender its Certificate (if required to do so). 
(vi) 
Payment Not Made in Full 
If the amount of principal or interest which is due on any Registered Note is not paid in full, the 
Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount of principal or interest, if any, in 
fact paid on such Registered Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Save as provided in Condition 8, all payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer or the Paying 
Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange 
Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, 
the Exchange Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities, (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock

--- Page 81 ---
81 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed, as approved by the Trustee, and (vii) an Exchange Agent in 
relation to Registered Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon (if any) relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon (if any) shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons (if any) are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons (if any), and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon (if any) relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
Other than in respect of Book Entry Notes, if the due date for redemption of any Note is not a 
due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender, if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
a specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if necessary, another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons (if any) that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon (if any) is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation or in Portugal in the case of Book Entry Notes, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Additional Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and: (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment 
in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Payments free of Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons (if any) shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within [France](2) [Portugal](1) or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Payments of interest and other types of remuneration on the Notes and the Coupons will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Portugal where the relevant proof of non-residence status has been provided by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders to the direct registration entity prior to the Relevant Date. Where no such relevant proof 
of non-residence status is provided in the terms below by Noteholders or Couponholders, payments of 
interest and other types of remuneration to such Noteholders or Couponholders will, as set out below, 
be made subject to deduction of withholding tax by or on behalf of the Republic of Portugal. 
[All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by CGDFB in respect of Notes issued by CGDFB 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law].(2) 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or within 
[France](2)[Portugal](1) or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, in respect of payments of principal and interest in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes (with 
characteristics such that they are not capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon 
issuance), or in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such 
that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts 
as would have been received by them (in respect of payments of interest only, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such that they are 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other Connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with [France](2)[Portugal](1) other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Lawful Avoidance of Withholding 
(aa) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes in respect of 
whom the information and documentation (which may include certificates) required in

--- Page 83 ---
83 
order to comply with Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, and any implementing 
legislation, is not received before the Relevant Date; or 
(bb) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes (i) in respect of 
whom the information and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply 
with any applicable tax treaty is not received before the Relevant Date, and (ii) who is 
resident in one of the contracting states; or 
(cc) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes resident for tax 
purposes in a country, territory or region subject to clearly a more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Ministerial Order n. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 
(Portaria do Ministro das Finanças e da Administração Pública n. 150/2004) as amended 
from time to time, issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public 
Administration, with the exception of (a) central banks and governmental agencies, as 
well as international institutions recognised by the Tax Jurisdiction of those tax haven 
jurisdictions and (b) tax haven jurisdictions which have a double taxation treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force with Portugal; or 
(dd) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of (i) an effective beneficiary of the Notes who is a 
Portuguese resident legal entity subject to Portuguese corporation tax with the exception 
of entities that benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions, or (ii) a legal entity not resident in Portugal acting with respect to 
the holding of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Portugal except whenever 
it benefits from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver; or 
(ee) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder where the income on the Notes is 
paid to accounts opened in the name of one or several accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed third entities; or 
(iii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed 
to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Clean-up Call Option Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5, or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall, where applicable, be deemed to 
include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking 
given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within twenty years (in the case of principal) 
or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 10(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless the relevant Final Terms expressly specify 
Condition 10(a) as being “Not Applicable”. 
(i) 
Non-Payment 
Default is made for a period of 10 business days or more in the payment of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes 
or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable 
of remedy, is not remedied within 20 business days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(iii) 
Cross Default 
(A) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes 
capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any 
actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described); or 
(B) 
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period; or 
(C) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys 
borrowed or raised, provided, in every case, that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (iii) have occurred equals or exceeds the higher of 
U.S.$20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) or 1 per cent. of the Shareholders’ 
Equity of CGD; or 
(iv) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
and adequate steps to stop and remedy such situation are not taken by CGD provided that (a) the 
claim in such distress, attachment, execution or other legal process exceeds U.S.$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) in each case and (b) such distress, attachment, execution or other 
legal process is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, vexatious or frivolous; or 
(v) 
Security Enforced

--- Page 85 ---
85 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed 
by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to 
enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person) and adequate steps to stop and remedy such situation are not taken by CGD; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of Business 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary shall cease to carry on the whole or, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, substantially the whole of its business except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to 
be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of 
such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of the 
debts of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(viii) Winding-up 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or 
through an official action of its Board of Directors threatens to cease to carry on all or (in the 
opinion of the Trustee) a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case except for the 
purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(ix) 
Authorisation and Consents 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes and the Trust 
Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make 
the Notes and the Trust Deed admissible in evidence in the courts of [Portugal](1)[France](2) is not 
taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(x) 
Illegality 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(xi) 
Analogous Events 
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs, 
provided that, except in the case of paragraphs (i) and (viii) (in the case of winding-up or dissolution), 
the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
“Accounts” means the most recent annual audited consolidated accounts prepared by the Issuer in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Issuer; 
“Group” means CGD and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall mean, in relation to the Issuer, any Subsidiary: 
(i) 
whose net assets (as shown by the then most recent audited balance sheet of such Subsidiary and 
attributable to the Issuer) constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the 
Group (as shown in the then latest Accounts); or 
(ii) 
whose turnover (as shown by its latest audited profit and loss account of such Subsidiary and 
attributable to the Issuer) constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated turnover of the Group 
(as shown in the latest Accounts), 
provided that, if a Subsidiary itself has subsidiaries and produces in respect of any year an audited 
consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary and its subsidiaries, the reference above to business assets 
of such Subsidiary shall be construed as a reference to business assets of such Subsidiary and its 
consolidated subsidiaries and the reference to the then most recent audited balance sheet of such 
Subsidiary shall be construed as a reference to the then most recent audited consolidated balance sheet 
of such Subsidiary and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
A report by the Auditors (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by 
the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to the Issuer, any entity whose affairs are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the Issuer, to be consolidated in the consolidated accounts of the Issuer; and 
“Shareholders’ Equity of CGD” means, at any relevant time, a sum equal to the aggregate of CGD’s 
shareholders’ equity as certified by the Auditors (as defined in the Trust Deed) of CGD by reference to 
the latest audited consolidated financial statements of CGD. 
(b) 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and certain Ordinary Senior 
Notes 
This Condition 10(b) only applies if the Note is (i) a Senior Non Preferred Note, (ii) a Subordinated Note 
or (iii) an Ordinary Senior Note where the relevant Final Terms expressly specify Condition 10(a) as 
being “Not Applicable”, and references in this Condition 10(b) to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the Issuer or the Issuer 
institutes such proceedings; or 
(ii) 
if otherwise than on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an effective resolution is passed by the Issuer’s 
shareholders for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
the Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that 
the relevant Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 6(b)(ii) together with accrued 
interest as provided in the Trust Deed. 
Without prejudice to Conditions 10(b)(i) and 10(b)(ii) above, if the Issuer breaches any of its obligations 
under the Trust Deed or the relevant Notes or relative Coupons of the relevant series (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Trust Deed or the relevant Notes or relative 
Coupons of the relevant series, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of such Notes or relative Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations), then 
the Trustee may, subject as provided below, at its discretion and without further notice, bring such 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question provided that the Issuer shall not, as 
a result of the bringing of any such proceeding, be obliged to pay any sum sooner than the same would

--- Page 87 ---
87 
otherwise have been payable by it. However, nothing in this Condition 10(b) shall prevent the Trustee 
instituting proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of the Issuer 
in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to or arising from the relevant Notes, the 
Coupons relating thereto or the Trust Deed (including any damages awarded for breach of any such 
obligation). 
For the sake of clarity, the provisions of these Conditions governing the relevant Notes do not give the 
Trustee the right to accelerate the future scheduled payments of interest or principal, other than in the 
case of Condition 10(b)(i) or 10 (b)(ii), as provided for in the relevant provisions of the CRR being (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes) Article 63(l) and (in the case of MREL-Eligible Instruments which are 
not Subordinated Notes) Article 72b(2)(l). Accordingly, resolution proceedings or a moratorium imposed 
by a resolution authority in respect of the relevant Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
For the purpose of this Condition 10(b) only, notwithstanding the Trustee having given notice that the 
relevant Notes are immediately due and repayable, the Issuer may (if and to the extent required by 
Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time) only redeem such Notes prior to maturity with the 
prior consent or approval of the Relevant Authority. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will give its consent or approval to any such 
redemption; Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the consent or approval of the Relevant 
Authority will depend on the capital adequacy of the Issuer at the relevant time. 
(c) 
In the case of both Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above only if 
(a) it shall have been so requested in writing by Noteholders holding not less than one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
(whether by payment in advance or otherwise) to its satisfaction. 
(ii) 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing. No Holder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
except that if the Trustee, having become bound to institute such proceedings as aforesaid, fails 
to do so or, being able and bound to submit a claim in such winding-up, fails to do so, in each 
case within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, then any such holder may itself 
institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or submit a claim in such winding-up 
to the same extent (but no further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled to do. 
11 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Notes only, the Instrument contain provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders (including in a physical place or by any electronic platform (such as 
conference call or video conference) or a combination of such methods) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee upon 
written request by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding (subject to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction). The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption 
of the Notes, any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel 
the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Clean-up Call Option Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face 
Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes or (vii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 
per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which 
such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is (in the opinion of the Trustee) of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any 
of the provisions of the Conditions or of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of Subordinated Notes (and, if and to the extent 
required by Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), such modifications may only be made with the prior consent, approval 
or permission of the Relevant Authority. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect such 
consequential amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed as may be required in order to give 
effect to the application of Condition 5(i). 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to the Issuer having obtained 
any requisite permission from the Relevant Authority, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business or of any other Subsidiary of 
CGD in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substitute, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes. In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons 
and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, those referred to in this 
Condition), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and the Coupons (if any), but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless

--- Page 89 ---
89 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. Other than as referred to in or envisaged by Condition 10 or this Condition 12, no remedy against 
the Issuer shall be available to the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the 
Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or Coupons or under the Trust Deed. 
13 
Protections of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer 
without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without further enquiry and without further liability to Noteholders, Couponholders or 
any other person for so doing on a report, confirmation, certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial 
advisors, financial institutions or any other experts, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in 
relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee 
or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and 
shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation, certificate or advice and such report, confirmation, 
certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the 
Paying Agents. 
14 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note (other than Book Entry Notes), Certificate, Coupon (if any) or Talon (if any) is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the 
case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon (if any) 
or Talon (if any) is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons 
(if any), there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or Talons (if any) must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the amount and date of the first payment of interest on them and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding 
Notes (“Further Notes”). References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any Further Notes. Any Further Notes constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it 
shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust 
Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Notes only, the Instrument contain provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
16 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid, so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, if 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if not so listed, shall be mailed to them at 
their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to 
the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. If 
in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall

--- Page 90 ---
90 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of Notices relating to Book Entry Notes. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term and conditions of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed except Clauses 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.5, the Notes except Conditions 3 and 18(e), the 
Coupons (if any) and the Talons (if any) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, 
with respect to Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, 
creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. Clause 3 (with the 
exception of Clause 3.4) of the Trust Deed and Conditions 3 and 18(e) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (if any) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons (if any) or Talons (if any) (“Proceedings”) may be brought 
in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed or the Instrument, as the case may be, irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., London representative office at 
its offices presently located at The Monument Building, 11 Monument Street, London EC3R 8AF as its 
agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
(d) 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right to claim sovereign or other 
immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally 
consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including, without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of 
any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Proceedings. 
(e) 
Statutory Loss Absorption Power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 18(e), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) or the Trustee on their behalf, 
by its acquisition of the Notes (or any interest therein), each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that 
any Amounts Due arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of any Portuguese Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in either of the following, or a 
combination thereof: (a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes; 
and/or (b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer, the Group or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations including by means of an

--- Page 91 ---
91 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes); and/or (c) the cancellation of 
the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and/or (d) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable in the Notes, or the 
date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes or the Coupons will become due and payable 
or be paid after the exercise of any Portuguese Bail-in Power if and to the extent that such amounts have 
been reduced, converted, cancelled, suspended (for so long as such suspension or moratorium is 
outstanding), amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of any Portuguese Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of 
the Portuguese Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 18(e) nor constitute 
a default or an event of default for any purpose. 
The exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute a default or an event of default for any purpose and the Conditions of the Notes 
shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable 
with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect 
the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the 
Institutions Act and the SRM Regulation, relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment 
firms and/or the Group incorporated in Portugal. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Portuguese Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
The exercise of the Portuguese Bail-Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to any 
relevant laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Portugal is not dependent 
on the application of this Condition 18(e). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Amounts Due” means the outstanding principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
and additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 8(b), if any, due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior 
to the exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
“Institutions Act” means the “Regime Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras” 
approved by Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended or superseded from time to time, 
laying down the Portuguese legal regime governing certain aspects of incorporation, organisation and 
operation of credit institutions, financial companies and investment firms; 
“Portuguese Bail-in Power” is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
incorporated in the Republic of Portugal, in effect and applicable to the Issuer, including the laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to (i) the transposition of Article 48 and the remaining Articles 
of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which amended the 
Institutions Act), (ii) the SRM Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of credit institutions or investment firms (or other affiliate 
of such entities) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other

--- Page 92 ---
92 
obligations of such credit institutions or investment firms or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means any authority with the ability to exercise the Portuguese Bail-
in Power in relation to the Issuer and/or the Notes; and 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from 
time to time.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES CLEARED THROUGH 
EUROCLEAR OR CLEARSTREAM WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
References in this section to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the 
Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Certificates may be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. The relevant clearing system will be notified whether or not the relevant 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to 
and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Note or Definitive

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or 
in part for Registered Notes only. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a Temporary Global Note which is expressed 
to be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes at the option of Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradable only 
in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof. 
2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of 2.1 below, Registered Notes: 
2.1 
if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered 
Notes; and 
2.2 
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect 
of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its 
election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that 
are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the relevant 
Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of a Specified 
Denomination. 
3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a Permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a 
clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which 
the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part: 
3.1 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so; or 
3.2 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
3.3 
with the consent of the Issuer, provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant 
to 3.1 or 3.2 above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions (1) 
for Registered Notes if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for 
exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any 
Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or 
procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case 
may be or, if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro 
rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to 
any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 42 set out in the Schedules to 
the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, 
procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in 
the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of 
any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks 
are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of CGNs represented by a Global Note will 
be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of 
each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 8(b)(iv) will apply to Definitive Notes only. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so 
made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of 
the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purposes of any payments made in respect 
of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set 
out in Condition 7(h). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of twenty years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
3 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons 
for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder 
of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
Note comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note. 
5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon. 
6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time 
limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be 
required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and 
accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in 
respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving 
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option 
has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at 
the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where 
the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly. 
8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out 
above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
9 
Trustee’s Powers 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Trust Deed, in considering the interests of Noteholders while 
any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee of a 
Common Depository for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by 
such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders 
with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests, and treat such 
accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate. 
10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
notices shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and so 
long as the Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, notices will be published in such manner as the 
rules of that stock exchange may require. 
11 Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of a Series which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the 
meaning of Regulation S (“Unrestricted Notes”) will initially be represented by interests in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate, without interest coupons, deposited with a common nominee for, and registered in the name 
of a common nominee of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear on its Issue Date. Registered Notes of such 
Tranche sold in the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A (“Restricted Notes”) 
will initially be represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date. Any Restricted Global 
Certificate and any individual definitive Restricted Notes will bear a legend applicable to purchasers who 
purchase the Registered Notes as described under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Each Unrestricted Note will have an ISIN and Common Code and each Restricted Note will have a 
CUSIP number.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
BOOK ENTRY NOTES HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA  
General 
Securities cleared through Interbolsa are held through a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) 
composed by interconnected securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, 
held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held 
and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the 
controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number (“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa. These Book Entry Notes will be accepted 
and registered with CVM the centralised securities system managed and operated by Interbolsa and settled by 
Interbolsa’s settlement system. 
Form of the Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be in book entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Book 
Entry Notes will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code and the applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (“CMVM”) and Interbolsa regulations. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa. 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by CGD 
with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant (as defined below) on behalf 
of the holders of the Book Entry Notes. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Book Entry 
Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Book Entry Notes 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Book Entry Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Whilst the Book Entry Notes are held through Interbolsa, (i) payment of principal and interest in euros 
in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, 
by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer) from the payment current account which 
the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf 
for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to 
the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts 
with Interbolsa are credited with such Book Entry Notes and thereafter (b) credited by such Interbolsa 
Participants from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Book 
Entry Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Book Entry Notes, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (ii) payment of principal 
and interest in currencies other than euros in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be (a) transferred, on the 
payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held 
by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda 
Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Participants, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa Participants from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of those Book Entry Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Book Entry Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Transfer of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, 
restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold 
such Book Entry Notes. No owner of Book Entry Notes will be able to transfer such Book Entry Notes, except 
in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuers under the Programme will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer for CGD Group’s general corporate purposes. If in respect of an issue of Notes there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate and other 
environmental purposes, or for projects and activities that promote socially beneficial purposes. Such Notes 
may also be referred to as “Green Notes” or as “Social Notes”, respectively. Where the amounts equal to the 
net proceeds from an offer of Notes will be applied specifically to projects and activities that promote climate, 
other environmental and socially beneficial purposes, the Notes may be referred to as “Sustainability Notes”.  
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be 
for “green” purposes (“Green Notes”), “social” purposes (“Social Notes”), each as described in this “Use of 
Proceeds” section, or both “green” and “social” purposes (“Sustainability Notes”), the net proceeds from each 
issue of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (or an amount equal thereto) will be used for such 
purposes. For any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, such amount will be separately identified 
and applied by the relevant Issuer in financing and/or refinancing, individually or on a portfolio basis, Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects (as defined below) (as further described in the Sustainable 
Finance Framework which, along with the second party opinion in relation to the Sustainable Finance 
Framework, has been published on the CGD Group’s website (https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-
Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/Sustainable-Finance.aspx). The issuance of Green Notes, Social 
Notes, or Sustainability Notes reflects CGD Group’s ongoing commitment to sustainability. In this context, any 
early redemption of Green Notes, Social Notes, or Sustainability Notes does not impact CGD Group’s 
commitments to sustainability, as these are tied to broader sustainability goals and initiatives that extend beyond 
the terms or duration of specific financial instruments. 
In accordance with the second party opinion, Sustainalytics has evaluated the Sustainable Finance 
Framework and confirmed that the Eligible Green Projects described therein are aligned with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles and that the Eligible Social Projects defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework are aligned 
with the ICMA Social Bond Principles. 
Pending the application of any net proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes in 
financing the relevant Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, such proceeds will be held by the 
relevant Issuer at its own discretion in cash and/or invested in short-term liquid investments as indicated in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework. If a project to which the net proceeds of any Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes are allocated ceases to fulfil the applicable eligibility criteria, the relevant Issuer will 
remove the same from the portfolio upon becoming aware of such ineligibility and endeavour to replace it with 
an eligible Green Project and/or eligible Social Project as soon as reasonably practicable. 
A report, as outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework, will be published annually by the Issuers 
with respect to each Series of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes throughout their term. As noted 
in the Sustainable Finance Framework, such reports will provide information on the allocation of the net 
proceeds of the applicable Series of Notes, including, inter alia, the portion thereof allocated to Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, a description of projects being financed from such proceeds and the 
portion of such proceeds used for new financings versus refinancings. The Issuers may request an annual 
assessment on the alignment of the allocation of such proceeds with the Sustainable Finance Framework’s 
criteria. 
The allocation of the net proceeds will be subject to external review by an external auditor or an 
independent qualified provider. CGD will also engage with a qualified sustainability expert to assess the impact 
of the projects to which proceeds have been allocated. The report relating to the allocation of the net proceeds 
and 
the 
assessed 
project 
impact 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
CGD 
Group’s 
website 
(https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/Sustainable-Finance.aspx). 
For these purposes, “Green Project” means projects within the list of green categories with defined 
eligibility criteria in the Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from 
time to time in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines). 
“Social Project” means projects within the list of social categories with defined eligibility criteria in the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Sustainable Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from time to time in accordance 
with the ICMA Social Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines). 
Neither the Sustainable Finance Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or 
contents of any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section or elsewhere in this Prospectus are, 
or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Prospectus. 
The Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) corresponding to the Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Eligible Social Projects and the corresponding eligibility criteria under the current Sustainable Finance 
Framework of CGD are: 
 
No Poverty (SDG 1) – Financing related to microfinance products that contribute to access to 
financial services. Target population: Individuals with vulnerable economic and social 
conditions (customers with an average monthly income below the average of Portuguese 
income (which is €1,111.33 per month)). 
 
Zero Hunger (SDG 2) – Financing related to agricultural loans for small farmers in rural areas 
that ensure sustainable food production systems and implement resilient agricultural practices 
that increase productivity and production and support sustainable development in rural areas.  
 
Good Health and Well-Being (SDG 3) – Financing related to projects that promote free or 
subsidized healthcare, including, public hospitals, clinics, healthcare centres, public-private 
hospitals and provision and distribution of public healthcare equipment and services.  
 
Clean Water and Sanitation (SDG 6) – Financing related to investments in solutions that 
promote the sustainable management of water resources, including: (i) Sustainable 
infrastructure for clean water; (ii) Wastewater treatment and water recycling; and (iii) Treatment 
of wastewater from fossil fuel operations are excluded. 
 
Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 7) – Financing related to the development, construction, 
operation, and maintenance in renewable energy activities. Also, financings related to 
investments in energy and resource efficiency, including improvements on energy efficiency of 
buildings, by refurbishments of buildings to include energy-saving such as retrofit of heating 
systems, refrigeration systems, heating ventilation, air conditioning and lighting equipment. 
 
Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8) – Financing related to loans that support 
productive activities, decent job creation, entrepreneurship, resilience, creativity, innovation 
and development and growth of micro-small and medium sized enterprises with favourable 
financial conditions. The target population are micro-enterprises and SME as per the European 
Commission definition in the most economically disadvantaged regions of Portugal. These 
regions fall under the Portuguese average GDP per capita. Additionally, financial 
lines/instruments aimed at urgently supporting micro and SME’s in Portugal and its 
autonomous regions to mitigate the economic and social impact derived from pandemic or 
crises, such as new loans granted to address the COVID-19 outbreak. 
 
Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure (SDG 9) – Financing related to investments in the 
construction of buildings and application of processes that are environmentally responsible and 
resource efficient throughout the building’s life-cycle: (i) Financing buildings (including public 
service, commercial, residential and recreational) that meet a minimum green building 
certification for e.g. “BREEAM Very Good” or “LEED Gold” or equivalent; and (ii) New loans 
for residential real estate with energy performance in the top 15% of national energy 
performance baseline which includes EPC Class A+,A and B. 
 
Sustainable Cities and Communities (SDG 11) – Financing related to investments in 
infrastructure that promotes sustainable cities such as transportation systems, related equipment 
and technology, including: (i) Low carbon transport that meet the EU taxonomy definition of 
passenger cars that are either electric or meet tail pipe emissions of less than 50g Co2/km, 
including supporting infrastructure such as EV charging stations; and (ii) Loans to sustainable 
public transport infrastructure such as electrified rail and bicycle infrastructure.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CGD GROUP 
History and Introduction, legislation that governs the Issuer’s activity 
CGD was created as a state bank by the legislative charter (“Carta de Lei”) of 10 April 1876, with the 
main functions of collecting and administering legally required or judicially ordered deposits and issuing and 
managing government debt. It gradually expanded its operations to become a savings and investment bank. 
CGD was converted by Decree-Law no. 287/93 into a state-owned joint-stock company (sociedade anónima 
de capitais exclusivamente públicos) on 20 August 1993, when its name was also changed to Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos, S.A. CGD is a full-service bank and operates under the legal name of “Caixa Geral de Depósitos, 
S.A.”. CGD also operates under the commercial name of “CGD”. 
CGD is registered as a bank with the Bank of Portugal. CGD is subject to the supervision of the Bank 
of Portugal, which is the national competent supervisory authority in relation to the provision of banking 
activities and services, and of the European Central Bank due to CGD’s designation as significant credit 
institution. 
Registration, head office, contacts and website of the Issuer 
CGD’s registered office is at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon, Portugal (tel.:(+351) 21 795 30 00 
/ (+351) 21 790 50 00). CGD is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole 
registration and taxpayer number 500 960 046. The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of CGD is: 
TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57. 
Information contained in CGD’s official website (https://www.cgd.pt) or in any other website referred 
to in this Prospectus does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and, therefore, CGD is not liable, and 
cannot be held liable, for the information contained on such websites, which, except for CGD’s official website 
(https://www.cgd.pt), have not been reviewed by the CGD with the purpose of assessing if the information 
contained therein is complete, true, updated, clear, objective and licit. 
Incorporation, legal form and Ownership 
CGD is a public limited company (“sociedade anónima”) and is wholly owned by the Portuguese State. 
As such, it is regulated by the legislation applicable to public limited companies, in addition to the legislation 
applicable to Portuguese credit institutions and investment firms. The Portuguese State’s ownership of CGD is 
expected to be maintained and reinforced in the current context of the Portuguese financial system. However, 
CGD is fully autonomous from the Portuguese State in respect of administrative and financial matters. 
Object and Purpose 
According to its constitutional documents (in particular to article 4 of the Issuer’s articles of 
incorporation), the scope of the Issuer consists of the provision of banking services in the broadest terms 
permitted by law. The Issuer may also participate in partnership agreements, corporate groupings and European 
economic interest grouping and may acquire, either initially or subsequently, holdings in limited or unlimited 
liability companies, whatever their objects. 
Share Capital 
As of 30 June 2024, CGD’s share capital amounted to €4,525,714,495 represented by 905,142,899 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of €5 each (all issued shares are fully paid). 
Strategic Plan 
2021 – 2024 Strategic plan: Building the Future 
The 2021-24 Strategic Plan was formally approved by CGD’s Board of Directors in January 2022.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
After a strong commitment to financial strength, effective risk management and the consolidation of 
governance mechanisms and internal controls, CGD started a new cycle with the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, 
under the motto “Building the future”. 
With the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, CGD proposed to: 
 
Serve the financial needs of Portuguese families and companies, by being present in their daily 
lives and supporting their medium to long-term projects, with particular emphasis on 
sustainability; 
 
Commit to excellence and simplicity in customer service, innovative solutions, and a complete 
value proposition; and 
 
Pursue a business model aligned with the best practices in terms of profitability and 
environmental, social and governance sustainability, consolidating its leadership position in 
Portugal’s banking sector. 
CGD’s ambition for 2024, set out in the new Strategic Plan, is based on 6 pillars of transformation: 
(i) 
Quality of service and innovation: development of formulas to ensure customer service 
excellence, exploiting technological innovation and providing a range of user-friendly, highly 
accessible, robust solutions based on profound knowledge of CGD’s customers: 
 
focusing on CGD’s customers and create an experience that consistently ensures an 
excellent quality of service; 
 
flexibly and decisively move toward digital solutions and oversight models that ensure 
accessibility and availability of services to CGD’s customers; and 
 
invest in analytical skills, strengthening CGD’s knowledge of each customer, enhancing 
CGD’s capacity to generate value, and helping to streamline decision-making processes. 
(ii) 
Leadership and value proposal: response to the financial needs of Portuguese households and 
companies, having a presence in their day-to-day lives and backing their medium to long term 
projects, with a fully comprehensive value proposal, namely by: 
 
investing in CGD’s value proposal for customers, strengthening CGD’s competitive 
position in strategic business and segments: consumer credit, medium to long term 
savings, insurance, business activities and SMEs; 
 
helping smaller companies access the capital markets; and 
 
exploiting CGD’s international presence, improving the level of support for the 
internationalisation of Portuguese companies and expanding CGD’s range of financial 
solutions and partnerships in the most relevant geographies. 
(iii) 
Sustainability and social impact: initiatives having an impact on key areas for society, continuing 
to contribute to sustained development on an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) level: 
 
continuing to invest in key areas for the development of Portuguese society, helping to 
promote ESG sustainability strategies; 
 
adopting efficient governance models that drive performance in a responsible, diversified, 
and transparent manner; and 
 
being an inclusive bank that prioritises the well-being and development of its employees 
and society. 
(iv) 
Profitability and efficiency: to achieve profitability levels in line with the best practices of the 
sector at the European level by optimising CGD’s balance sheet structure and simplifying internal 
management processes: 
 
optimising CGD’s territorial presence, while continuing to develop a close relationship 
with CGD’s customers; and 
 
being a leader in terms of cost management by streamlining internal processes.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(v) 
Consolidation of governance and risk management model: to continue to consolidate the 
governance and risk management model on a CGD Group level, ensuring a culture of rigour and 
compliance with IRB (internal rating based) requirements, by: 
 
upgrading risk management models in pursuit of new business areas; 
 
automating credit decisions and optimising the time needed for contractual purposes; and 
 
ensuring the CGD Group’s consolidated vision of global risks, particularly climate risk 
control. 
(vi) 
People, culture, and transformation: to foster a culture of innovation, flexibility and 
transformation, retaining high standards of professionalism, integrity and transparency: 
 
to stimulate a business culture, focusing on the development of talent, training and internal 
cooperation, mobilising and committing the organisation as a whole to the transformation 
process; 
 
to rejuvenate and reinforce the skills of staff and reward talent with transparency and 
clarity of criteria; and 
 
to promote the sustainability, parity and diversity of teams. 
 
A new Strategic Plan for the 2025-2028 period will be approved by CGD’s Board of Directors to guide 
further strategy.  
Corporate Governance 
CGD is a wholly state-owned public limited liability company. All shares of its share capital, including 
any that may be issued in future capital increases, are owned by the Portuguese state and held through the 
Directorate-General of the Treasury. Consequently, due to the exclusive ownership structure, all shareholder 
resolutions are made unanimously. 
In terms of its governance model, CGD’s Board of Directors has been provided with the broadest range 
of powers to manage and represent CGD, including the effective issuance of guidelines in its activity, with the 
Executive Committee having responsibility for CGD’s day-to-day management. 
The allocation of responsibilities allows effective separation between supervisory and management 
functions with the added benefit of constant and extensive supervision by the competent authorities in furthering 
the objectives and interests of CGD, its shareholder, employees, customers, and other stakeholders, enabling a 
level of trust, transparency and balance to be achieved accordingly across the various functions, necessary for 
their proper operation and effectiveness. 
The members of the management body are elected for a period of 4 (four) years and may be re-elected 
in accordance with the provisions of the law and CGD’s articles of association. Coincidence of mandates 
between the various governing bodies is not mandatory. 
Following the extinguishing of the Supervisory Board on 22 December 2021, the responsibility for 
supervising management and monitoring CGD’s compliance with the law and its articles of association, as well 
as verifying and overseeing the independence of the Statutory Audit Company and approving the provision of 
other non-audit services were transferred to the Audit Committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors elected for the 2021-2024 term of office initiated its mandate on 23 December 
2021. The Board of Directors currently comprises 17 (seventeen) members, 8 (eight) executive (who are all 
part of the Executive Committee) and 9 (nine) non-executive board members (some of which are part of the 
Audit Committee, as described further below): 
Non-executive chair 
António Farinha Morais 
Vice-chair and Chief Executive Officer 
Paulo José de Ribeiro Moita de Macedo

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Executive member 
José João Guilherme 
Executive member 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
Executive member 
João Paulo Tudela Martins 
Executive member 
Nuno Alexandre de Carvalho Martins 
Executive member 
Madalena Rocheta de Carvalho Talone 
Executive member 
Maria Manuela Martins Ferreira 
Executive member 
Paula Cristina Cândido Geada 
Non-executive member 
António Alberto Henriques Assis 
Non-executive member 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Non-executive member 
María del Carmen Gil Marín 
Non-executive member 
Maria João Martins Ferreira Major 
Non-executive member 
Arlindo Manuel Limede de Oliveira 
Non-executive member 
Hans-Helmut Kotz 
Non-executive member 
Luis Filipe Nunes Coimbra Nazaret 
Non-executive member 
Monique Eugénie Hemerijck 
 
The Audit Committee is composed of the following members of the Board of Directors: 
Non-executive member 
(and Chair of the Audit Committee) 
António Alberto Henriques Assis 
Non-executive member 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Non-executive member 
María del Carmen Gil Marín 
Non-executive member 
Maria João Martins Ferreira Major 
 
A new mandate of CGD’s Board of Directors is expected to be voted at the General Assembly which is 
anticipated to take place in May 2025. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is CGD’s head office, at Av. João 
XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon. 
Positions held in addition to functions with other entities, inside and the relevant activities outside the 
CGD Group by the members of the Board of Directors as at 30 September 2024:  
Accumulation of functions 
Executive 
and 
non 
Executive 
Members of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
António Farinha 
Morais 
No other relevant positions 
Paulo José 
Ribeiro da Moita 
de Macedo 
Fundação Caixa Geral de Depósitos - Culturgest 
Chair of the Board 
Associação Portuguesa de Bancos (APB) 
(Representing CGD) 
Member of the Board

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Accumulation of functions 
Executive 
and 
non 
Executive 
Members of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
Instituto Português de Corporate Governance  
(Representing CGD) 
Member of the General Council 
Fundação Arpard Szenes - Vieira da Silva 
Guest Curator of the Curators 
Committee 
Instituto Superior Técnico (IST) 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa (UCP) 
Member of the Advisory and 
Strategy Committee of the Rector 
Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade de 
Lisboa (FMUL) 
Member of the Citizens Board 
EPIS – Empresários pela Inclusão Social 
Member of the Board 
Alumni Económicas - Associação dos Antigos 
Alunos do ISEG 
Member of the General Council 
José João 
Guilherme 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, S.A. (Macau) 
Chair of the Board 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. 
(Moçambique) 
1st Vice-Chair of the Board 
Câmara de Comércio e Indústria Luso-Espanhola 
(Representing CGD) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Fundação Eugénio de Almeida 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board 
Universidade de Lisboa 
External and Independent 
Member of the General Council  
Francisco Ravara 
Cary 
Banco Caixa Geral - Brasil, S.A. 
Chair of the Board 
Locarent - Companhia Portuguesa de Aluguer de 
Viaturas, S.A. 
Non-executive Member of the 
Board 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Chair of the Board 
Banco Caixa Geral Angola, S.A. 
1st Vice-chair of the Board 
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal (CIP) 
Member of the General Council 
João Tudela 
Martins 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, S.A. (Macau) 
Non-executive Member of the 
Board 
Banco Interatlântico, S.A. (Cabo Verde) 
Vice-chair of the Board 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. 
(Moçambique) 
3rd Vice-chair of the Board 
Banco Interatlântico, S.A. (Cabo Verde) 
Chair of the Board

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Accumulation of functions 
Executive 
and 
non 
Executive 
Members of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
Nuno Alexandre 
de Carvalho 
Martins 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações, I.P. 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
Madalena 
Rocheta de 
Carvalho Talone 
COTEC Portugal (Representing CGD) 
Vice-chair of the General 
Assembly 
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal (CIP) 
Member of the Strategy 
Committee for the Digital 
Economy of CIP 
Maria Manuela 
Martins Ferreira 
Banco Comercial do Atlântico, S.A. (Cabo Verde) 
Chair of the Board 
Banco Caixa Geral – Brasil, S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors (non-executive 
functions) 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações, I.P. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Vice-chair of the Board of 
Directors (non-executive) 
Paula Cristina 
Cândido Geada 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, S.A. 
(Macau) 
Non-executive Member of the 
Board 
António Alberto 
Henriques Assis 
No other relevant positions 
José António da 
Silva de Brito 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações, I.P. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
OMIP - Operador do Mercado Ibérico (Portugal), 
SGPS, S.A. 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. 
Chair of the Supervisory Board 
María del 
Carmen Gil 
Marín 
Novabase, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
CELFOCUS, S.A. 
 Member of the Board of 
Directors 
CTT - Correios de Portugal, S.A 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board 
Santalucía, S.A., Companhia de Seguros y 
Reaseguros 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board 
Associação de Emitentes do Mercado (A.E.M.) 
Member of the General 
Committee

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Accumulation of functions 
Executive 
and 
non 
Executive 
Members of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
Vieira de Almeida, Sociedade de Advogados 
Member of the Innovation 
Strategy Committee 
Maria João 
Martins Ferreira 
Major 
ISCTE - University Institute of Lisbon / ISCTE 
Executive Education 
Professor 
PhD Director (specialization in 
Accounting) 
Revista Científica da Ordem dos Contabilistas 
Certificados 
Chief Editor 
 “História da Contabilidade da Ordem dos 
Contabilistas Certificados” Committee 
Member 
 Qualitative research on accounting and 
management journal 
 Journal of accounting and organizational 
change 
 Journal of public budgeting, accounting & 
financial management 
Reviewer of Academic 
Publications 
Arlindo Manuel 
Limede de 
Oliveira 
Instituto Superior Técnico (IST) 
Professor 
INESC - Instituto de Engenharia de Sistemas e 
Computadores 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
and of the Executive Committee 
Vieira de Almeida, Sociedade de Advogados 
Member of the Innovation 
Strategy Committee 
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal (CIP) 
Member of the Strategy 
Committee for the Digital 
Economy 
NeuralShift- Deep Learnig, Lda 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
Conselho Nacional de Ciência, Tecnologia e 
Inovação 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
European Parliament's panel for the Future of 
Science and Technology 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
Associação Portuguesa para a Inteligência 
Artificial (APPIA) 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
Associação Portuguesa para o Desenvolvimento 
de Sistemas de Informação (APDSI) 
Member of the General 
Committee 
Conselho Económico e Social 
Member

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Accumulation of functions 
Executive 
and 
non 
Executive 
Members of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
Brisa's AI Leadership Forum 
Member of Brisa's AI Leadership 
Forum 
Macau University of Science and Technology 
(MUST) 
Distinguished Guest Professor 
Hans-Helmut 
Kotz 
Goethe-Universität (Frankfurt) 
Responsible for the SAFE Policy 
Center  
Mckinsey & Co 
Senior Consultant and Academic 
Advisor 
Konstanz Seminar on Monetary Theory (Bona) 
Member of the Advisory 
Committee 
Center for European Studies Harvard University 
Fellow and visiting Professor  
Faculty of Economics and Behavioural Sciences, 
Freiburg University 
Honorary Professor 
Revue d'Économie Financière (Paris) 
Member of the Orientation 
Committee 
Centre Cournot pour la Recherche en Économie 
Member of Scientific Committee 
Luís Filipe Nunes 
Coimbra Nazaret 
Gestíssimo Consultoria e Gestão, Lda. 
Managing Partner 
Plataforma de Media Privados (PMP) 
Non-executive Member of the 
Board 
Gaptec - Universidade Técnica de Lisboa 
Vice-chair of the Board 
Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão (ISEG)  
Associate Guest Professor 
Alumni Económicas - Associação dos Antigos 
Alunos do ISEG 
Member of the General Council 
IDEFE 
Chair of the General Assembly 
Monique Eugénie 
Hemerijck 
Bank of Cyprus 
Non-executive Member of the 
Board 
General Meeting Board 
The current general meeting board was elected on 29 May 2024 for the 2024-2027 four-year term of 
office.  
The General Meeting currently has the following composition: 
Chair 
José Manuel de Matos Correia   
Vice-chair 
Maria João Dias Pessoa de 
Araújo

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Secretary 
Ana Sofia Maltez Duarte 
Pinheiro  
 
 
Position of the members of the General Meeting Board in other companies of the Group 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
José Manuel de Matos 
Correia 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
Maria João Dias Pessoa 
de Araújo 
 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
 
 
 
 
Ana Sofia Maltez Duarte 
Pinheiro 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Notes: “Not applicable*” means no activities in other companies of the Group. 
Relevant activities of the members of the General Meeting Board outside the Group  
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
José Manuel de Matos 
Correia  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Member of the Board 
 
Carlos Saraiva – Madeira, 
Exploração Turística, S.A. 
 
Vice-chair of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Portugal Best Holiday Services, 
S.A. 
 
Vice-chair of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Fundação Minerva – Educação, 
Ciência e Cultura 
 
 
 
 
Maria João Dias 
Pessoa de Araújo 
 
Vice-chair of the Board of 
Directors (non-executive) 
 
Lusa- Agência de Noticias de 
Portugal, S.A 
 
 
Non-Executive Member of 
the Board 
 
Parpública – Participações 
Públicas, SGPS,S.A. 
 
 
Chair of the General 
Assembly 
 
Parvalorem, S.A. 
 
 
Chair of the General 
Council 
 
Fundo de Contragarantia Mútuo 
 
 
 
Ana Sofia Maltez 
Duarte Pinheiro 
 
Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Direção Geral do Tesouro e 
Finanças 
 
Not applicable* 
Note: “Not applicable*” means no activities outside the CGD Group. 
The business address of each of the members of the General Meeting Board is CGD’s head office, at Av. 
João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
External Audit Firm and Statutory Auditor 
On 2 July 2021, CGD re-elected Ernst & Young Audit & Associados - SROC, S.A. (“Ernst & Young”) 
as its Statutory Audit Company for the years 2021 to 2024 at the General Meeting that took place on 2 July 
2021. Ernst & Young is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores 
Oficiais de Contas) with registration number 178, registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20161480, with registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6, 1600-206, Lisboa. As external auditors, 
Ernst & Young issued a report in respect of CGD’s consolidated financial statements for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and issued an unqualified opinion without emphasis of matter. 
The Statutory Audit Company for the 2025-2026 term is scheduled to be voted at the General Meeting 
which is anticipated to take place in May 2025. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to CGD of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors or the Executive Committee in respect of their private interests and/or other duties. 
Relationship with the Portuguese State 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 287/93 of 20 August 1993, as amended, CGD must remain fully owned by the 
Portuguese State at all times. CGD may, on a contractual basis, undertake special functions considered to be of 
national interest. 
CGD provides the Portuguese Government with banking and investment services in competition with 
other banks. CGD is also able to undertake any other functions specifically attributed to it by law, the manner, 
and terms of which are defined in contracts entered into with the Portuguese Government. 
The rights of the Portuguese State as shareholder are exercised by a representative appointed in 
accordance with a regulation issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance. 
CGD and its sole shareholder are required to comply with the principles of corporate governance 
established under Decree-Law 133/2013, of 3 October, as lastly amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 December, 
which aims to establish corporate governance best practices in state-owned companies and ensure that the 
control exercised by the Portuguese State is not abused. 
These rules, amongst other things: (i) provide that the exercise of the Portuguese State’s rights as 
shareholder should observe high standards of transparency and, therefore, the members of the Government who 
exercise the shareholding rights of the Portuguese State shall be clearly identified; (ii) provide that the 
Portuguese State shall establish the strategic guidelines and targets to be met by CGD and shall actively 
participate in the general shareholders’ meetings; (iii) provide that the Portuguese State shall contribute to the 
establishment of principles of corporate responsibility and sustainable development and compliance by CGD, 
principles which should be evaluated annually by the Portuguese State; (iv) provide that the Portuguese State 
should ensure that CGD has adequate control and evaluation mechanisms, that the economic and financial 
information provided is accurate and reflects the actual situation of CGD, and that CGD complies with best 
international and national corporate governance practices; (v) include rules on the structures of the 
administration and supervisory boards; (vi) include rules on remuneration and other rights; (vii) include rules 
on conflicts of interest and disclosure of material information; and (viii) provide that the Portuguese State shall 
act independently regarding the appointment of executive directors and also when acting as a client or as a 
service provider, taking into consideration market conditions. 
CGD annually discloses its level of compliance with these corporate governance practices in an annex 
to its audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the relevant financial year. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such annex is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Market Position 
The statements in this section relating to the CGD Group’s market position are based on calculations 
made by CGD using data produced by itself and/or obtained from other entities, which is contained or referred 
to in the management reports and information disclosed together with CGD’s financial statements for the 
financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, and from the first three quarters of 2024.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
CGD is engaged in all areas of the Portuguese financial sector. It provides customers with a full range 
of financial products and services, ranging from traditional banking to investment banking, insurance, asset 
management, venture capital, brokerage, real estate, and specialised credit services. 
CGD Group’s branch office network, at the end of June 2024, comprised 885 banking presences, two 
fewer than in December 2023. 
As of 30 September 2024, CGD had 486 branches and Espaços Caixa, 24 “corporate offices” and an 
additional 2 office extensions, coming to a total of 512 presences in Portugal. The expansion of the new branch 
model is ongoing, with a total of 57 branches in this more innovative format. This new space has various 
selfservice equipment, Automatic Teller Machine (ATM) and Virtual Teller Machines (VTM), available 24 
hours a day, in addition to personalized support from at least one sales assistant.  
To improve the customer experience at branch office level the procedure for opening current accounts 
was reviewed and dematerialised in first half of 2023 with the display of pre-contractual information and 
signpad-enabled electronic signatures, in addition to the automatic delivery of documentation by email. This 
initiative also helped CGD to strengthen its commitment to sustainability and environmental challenges. 
CGD consolidated its status as the banking brand with the greatest appeal to non-customers in the 
Portuguese banking context. Having retained this status since 2020, special reference should also be made to 
its status as the banking brand with the highest level of spontaneous notoriety in the sector in Portugal. Such 
recognition confirms the bank’s relevance to both customers and non-customers alike (Source: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2024/Documents/Press-Release-
EN-1H-2024.pdf). 
With reference to the banking sector in Portugal, CGD’s brand renewed its distinction as the “Best Bank 
for Personal Customers” and “Best Bank for Young People” (spontaneous nomination) by the customers of each 
bank and has also been recognised as “Best Bank for Sustainability” and “Best Household Support Bank” 
(Source: https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2024/Documents/Press-
Release-EN-1H-2024.pdf).  
The Group’s Geographic Markets 
At the international level, the Group had 365 branches in June 2024, after the opening of two branches 
of Banco Nacional Ultramarino, one in Macau and the other in Timor-Leste.  
Set out below is a chart detailing the companies within the CGD Group and presenting CGD’s or its 
subsidiaries’ equity interest where appropriate, as at 30 June 2024. 
 
 
 
Domestic 
 
International 
 
 
 
Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos 
 
 
Banco Caixa Geral 
(Brazil) 
 
100.0%
 
 
 
 
 
Banco Nacional 
Ultramarino (Macao) 
 
100.0%
COMMERCIAL 
BANKING 
 
 
 
 
B. Comercial do 
Atlântico (Cape Verde)  
58.8%
 
 
 
 
 
B. Interatlântico (Cape 
Verde) 
 
81.7%
 
 
 
 
 
B. Com. Invest. 
(Mozambique) 
 
63.3%
 
 
 
 
 
Banco Caixa Geral 
(Angola) 
 
51.0%
ASSET MANAGEMENT  
Caixa Gestão de Ativos  
100.0%  
 
 
 
 
CGD Pensões 
 
100.0%  
 
 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
AND VENTURE CAPITAL 
Caixa Banco de 
Investimento 
 
100.0%  
 
 
 
 
Caixa Capital 
 
100.0%

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Domestic 
 
International 
 
AUXILIARY SERVICES  
Caixa Serviços 
Partilhados 
 
100.0% 
Inmobiliaria Caixa 
Geral (Spain) 
 
100.0%
 
 
Caixa Imobiliário 
 
100.0% Imobci (Mozambique)  
46.3%
OTHER 
PARTICIPATIONS 
 
Caixa Participações, 
SGPS 
 
100.0%  
 
 
 
Overview of Financial Information 
Set out below in summary form are the audited consolidated financial statements (consolidated balance 
sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated accounts) of the CGD Group for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
For further information, please also see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
2023 Year End Results 
CGD ended 2023 with a consolidated net profit of €1,291 million, arising from the economic context, 
CGD’s transformation process and the professionalism and commitment of CGD's team. In a challenging 
economic context, CGD's results in 2023 were primarily driven by a significant increase in net interest income, 
amounting to €1,458 million. This increase was attributed to €605 million from domestic treasury activity, €844 
million from domestic customer activity, and €9 million from international activity. Additionally, operating 
costs were reduced by €182 million. However, these positive developments were offset by a €668 million rise 
in provisions and impairments, despite an improvement in credit recovery, which contributed €123 million to 
net income. 
 
Income Statement (Consolidated) 
 
 
(1) Restated 
 
Change 
 
 
 
2022-12 
2023-12 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Interest and similar income .......................... 
1,865,048 
3,601,708 
1,736,659 
93.1% 
Interest and similar costs ............................. 
457,057 
735,759 
278,702 
61.0% 
Net interest income ...................................... 
1,407,991 
2,865,949 
1,457,958 
103.5% 
Income from equity instruments .................. 
14,099 
9,139 
(4,960) 
(35.2%) 
Net interest income including income 
from eq. investm ........................................ 
1,422,091 
2,875,088 
1,452,998 
102.2% 
Fees and commissions income ..................... 
755,983 
723,083 
(32,900) 
(4.4%) 
Fees and commissions expenses .................. 
149,529 
158,460 
8,931 
6.0% 
Net fees and commissions............................ 
606,454 
564,623 
(41,831) 
(6.9%) 
Net trading income ...................................... 
216,046 
171,600 
(44,446) 
(20.6%) 
Other operating income ............................... 
70,750 
(7,850) 
(78,601) 
(111.1%) 
Non-interest income ................................... 
893,251 
728,373 
(164,878) 
(18.5%)
Total operating income .............................. 
2,315,341 
3,603,461 
1,288,120 
55.6% 
Employee costs ............................................ 
816,254 
628,267 
(187,986) 
(23.0%) 
Administrative expenses .............................. 
251,110 
264,963 
13,854 
5.5% 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................... 
135,722 
127,749 
(7,973) 
(5.9%) 
Operating costs ............................................ 
1,203,085 
1,020,980 
(182,105) 
(15.1%)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(1) Restated 
 
Change 
 
 
 
2022-12 
2023-12 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Net operating income before 
impairments ............................................... 
1,112,256 
2,582,481 
1,470,225 
132.2% 
Credit impairment (net) ............................... 
(5,300) 
150,371 
155,671 
- 
Provisions and impairment of other assets 
(net) ............................................................. 
(12,642) 
499,187 
511,829 
- 
Provisions and impairments ..................... 
(17,942) 
649,558 
667,500 
- 
Net operating income ................................. 
1,130,198 
1,932,923 
802,725 
71.0% 
Income Tax ................................................. 
271,374 
623,024 
351,651 
129.6% 
Current ......................................................... 
78,005 
427,725 
349,720 
 448.3% 
Deferred ....................................................... 
156,265 
155,843 
(422) 
(0.3%) 
Contribution on the banking sector .............. 
37,104 
39,456 
2,352 
6.3% 
Net operating income after tax before 
non-contr. int.  ............................................ 
858,825 
1,309,899 
451,074 
52.5%
Non-controlling interests ............................. 
80,289 
75,783 
(4,506) 
(5.6%) 
Results of associated companies .................. 
47,690 
35,703 
(11,987) 
(25.1%) 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale ............. 
16,561 
21,333 
4,772 
28.8% 
Net income .................................................. 
842,786 
1,291,152 
448,366 
53.2% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) The shareholding in Flitptrel IV S.A. and Flitptrel Porto Santo S.A. were classified under "Non-current assets held for sale" in June 2023. Therefore, and for comparative purposes 
only, the amounts related to the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 disclosed in this document were restated, as IFRS 5 “Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and 
Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
(1) Restated 
 
Change 
 
 
 
2022-12 
2022-12 
2023-12 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents with central 
banks ............................................................ 
21,812 
21,812 
23,333 
1,521 
 
7.0% 
Loans and advances to credit institutions .... 
3,992 
3,990 
2,602 
(1,388) 
(34.8%) 
Securities investments ................................. 
18,689 
18,689 
16,427 
(2,262) 
(12.1%) 
Loans and advances to customers ................ 
50,778 
50,778 
50,529 
(249) 
(0.5%) 
Assets with repurchase agreement ............... 
0 
0 
154 
154 
- 
Non-current assets held for sale ................... 
1,220 
1,271 
1,282 
11 
0.9% 
Investment properties................................... 
56 
17 
11 
(06) 
(35.8%) 
Intangible and tangible assets ...................... 
780 
780 
719 
(62) 
(7.9%) 
Investm. in subsid. and associated 
companies .................................................... 
476 
476 
473 
(03) 
(0.6%) 
Current and deferred tax assets .................... 
1,029 
1,029 
836 
(193) 
(18.8%) 
Other assets .................................................. 
3,670 
3,669 
2,929 
(740) 
(20.2%) 
Total assets ................................................. 
102,503 
102,511 
99,294 
(3,217) 
(3.1%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
(1) Restated 
 
Change 
 
 
 
2022-12 
2022-12 
2023-12 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
 
Central banks’ and credit institutions’ 
resources ...................................................... 
338 
338 
401 
63 
18.5% 
Customer resources ...................................... 
83,972 
83,972 
80,683 
(3,289) 
(3.9%) 
Debt securities ............................................. 
1,368 
1,368 
1,401 
33 
2.4% 
Financial liabilities ...................................... 
221 
221 
151 
(70) 
(31.5%) 
Non-current liabilities held for sale ............. 
990 
999 
1,025 
27 
2.7% 
Provisions .................................................... 
906 
906 
1,386 
480 
53.0% 
Subordinated liabilities ................................ 
1,118 
1,118 
606 
(512) 
(45.8%) 
Other liabilities ............................................ 
4,107 
4,106 
3,815 
(291) 
(7.1%) 
Sub-total ..................................................... 
93,020 
93,029 
89,468 
(3,560) 
(3.8%) 
Shareholders’ equity .................................. 
9,483 
9,483 
9,826 
343 
3.6% 
Total ............................................................ 
102,503 
102,511 
99,294 
(3,217) 
(3.1%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) The Balance Sheet of December 31, 2022 accounts of the consolidated activity were restated for comparability purposes due to the shareholder position in Flitptrel IV SA e Flitptrel 
Porto Santo SA being classified under “Non-current assets held for sale” in June 2023. 
 
CGD’s consolidated net assets reached €99,294 million at the end of December 2023. 
First Half 2024 Results (unaudited) 
Set out below in summary form are the limited review of the condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of CGD which comprise the condensed consolidated balance sheet and the condensed consolidated 
interim income statement as at 30 June 2024. 
CGD closed the first half of 2024 with a consolidated net profit of €889 million, benefiting from the 
growth in business volume, the positive evolution of the net interest income, and a lower cost of risk sustained 
in a more favourable macroeconomic scenario. 
Domestic activity contributed €791 million to the consolidated results, and international activity 
contributed with €98.7 million. International activity was negatively impacted by exchange rate variations, 
particularly in the activity in Angola (€7 million). Excluding the impact of exchange rate variations, the 
contribution of international activity is €105 million. Among the international entities, BNU Macau and BCI in 
Mozambique were the ones that made the largest contribution to the CGD Group's net income, both with €33 
million.  
The consolidated net interest income increased by €109 million from June 2023 (€1,316 million), 
reaching €1,426 million in June 2024, primarily driven by the contribution of the activity in Portugal (€1,173 
million). The evolution of the consolidated net interest margin can be explained by the following factors: 
 
growth in domestic activity led to an increase in both interest received and paid compared to the 
same period last year, despite a reduction in interest rates on CGD's credit operations from their 
peak at the end of 2023. However, the rise in interest paid on savings exceeded the growth in 
interest received, resulting in a €31 million negative impact from the retail business on 
consolidated net interest income compared to the same period in 2023, totalling €684 million. 
This trend reflects the upward phase of market rates, which drove higher deposit remuneration 
rates due to intense competition for deposits in the first half of 2023. In contrast, market rates 
declined slightly during the first half of 2024. Meanwhile, treasury activities, securities portfolio 
management, and contributions from other domestic entities added €488 million, marking an 
increase of €148 million. 
 
international activity contributed €253 million to the consolidated net interest income. BNU 
Macau performed positively, adding €3 million, but overall contributions from international

--- Page 116 ---
116 
activity were €7 million lower than in the same period of 2023. This evolution was influenced by 
the contribution of BCG Angola (down €8 million), impacted by the negative exchange rate 
variations that occurred in the period, in the amount of €17 million. 
Commissions totalled €289 million, mainly due to the non-increase in pricing and the application of 
exemptions in Portugal, among other factors. CGD's activity in Portugal, as well as the CGD's Group 
international activity, saw a decrease in commissions of 1.6 per cent. and 2.3 per cent., respectively.  
Income from financial operations totalled €88 million, a decrease of €64 million compared to June 2023. 
This decline was primarily due to the extraordinary effect related to the dissolution of CGD's pension fund in 
February 2023, which resulted in an €80 million impact. During this process, its assets were integrated into 
CGD, which then provided cash compensation amounting to €3,018 million to Caixa Geral de Aposentações. 
Excluding this effect, income from financial operations would have increased by €16 million. 
Other operating income decreased by around €18 million compared to the first half of 2023 (from 
€13,175 million in June 2023 to -€4,908 million in June 2024), partly due to not making contributions in 2024 
to the Single Resolution Fund, which reached its allocation target. However, excluding non-recurring events in 
the Bank's activity, mainly related to real estate assets, the year-on-year variation would be positive by €3 
million. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
CGD's consolidated net assets reached €103,929 million at the end of the first half of 2024, reflecting an 
increase of €4,635 million (up 4.7 per cent.) compared to December 2023. This evolution was mainly driven 
by a €389 million increase in cash and cash equivalents at central banks (up 1.7 per cent.), a €1,112 million rise 
in loans and advances to customers (up 2.2 per cent.), and a €3,321 million increase in securities investments 
(up 20.2 per cent.). 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-12 
2024-06 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equiv. with central banks .....................................  
23,333 
23,722 
389
1.7%
Loans and advances to credit institutions ...................................  
2,602 
2,744 
142
5.5%
Securities investments ................................................................  
16,427 
19,748 
3,321
20.2%
Loans and advances to customers ...............................................  
50,529 
51,641 
1,112
2.2%
Assets with repurchase agreement ..............................................  
154 
369 
215
140.1%
Non-current assets held for sale ..................................................  
1,282 
1,308 
26
2.0%
Investment properties..................................................................  
11 
11 
0
(0.4%)
Intangible and tangible assets .....................................................  
719 
838 
119
16.6%
Investment in subsidiaries and associated companies .................  
473 
476 
3
0.6%
Current and deferred tax assets ...................................................  
836 
783 
(53)
(6.3%)
Other assets .................................................................................  
2,929 
2,289 
(639) (21.8%)
Total assets ................................................................................ 
99,294 
103,929 
4,635
4.7%
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Central banks’ and credit institutions resources ..........................  
401 
793 
392
97.9%
Customer resources .....................................................................  
80,683 
83,978 
3,295
4.1%
Debt securities ............................................................................  
1,401 
1,380 
(21)
(1.5%)
Financial liabilities .....................................................................  
151 
101 
(51) (33.5%)
Non-current liabilities held for sale ............................................  
1,025 
1,082 
56
5.5%
Provisions ...................................................................................  
1,386 
1,453 
67
4.8%

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-12 
2024-06 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
Subordinated liabilities ...............................................................  
606 
605 
(1)
(0.1%)
Other liabilities ...........................................................................  
3,815 
4,296 
481
12.6%
Sub-total ....................................................................................  
89,468 
93,688 
4,219
4.7%
Shareholders’ equity .................................................................  
9,826 
10,241 
416
4.2%
Total ...........................................................................................  
99,294 
103,929 
4,635
4.7%
Income Statement (Consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
  
 
2023-06 
2024-06 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Interest and similar income .......................... 
1,590,397 
2,215,960 
625,563 
39.3% 
Interest and similar costs ............................. 
274,208 
790,310 
516,102 
188.2% 
Net interest income ................................ 
1,316,189 
1,425,650 
109,461 
8.3% 
Income from equity instruments .................. 
4,168 
1,946 
(2,222) 
(53.3%) 
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. 
investm. ....................................................... 
1,320,357 
1,427,596 
107,239 
8.1% 
Income from services and commissions ...... 
362,099 
364,114 
2,015 
0.6% 
Costs of services and commissions .............. 
72,923 
75,291 
2,367 
3.2% 
Results from services and commissions  
289,176 
288,824 
(352) 
(0.1%) 
Income from financial operations ................ 
152,297 
88,201 
(64,096) 
(42.1%) 
Other operating income ............................... 
13,175 
(4,908) 
(18,083) 
-  
Non-interest income ................................... 
454,648 
372,117 
(82,530) 
(18.2%) 
Total operating income .............................. 
1,775,005 
1,799,713 
24,708 
1.4% 
Employee costs ............................................ 
351,195 
331,155 
(20,040) 
(5.7%) 
Administrative expenses .............................. 
138,643 
131,957 
(6,686) 
(4.8%) 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................... 
66,304 
70,434 
4,130 
6.2% 
Operating costs ...................................... 
556,141 
533,546 
(22,595) 
(4.1%) 
Net operating income before 
impairments ............................................... 
1,218,864 
1,266,167 
47,303 
3.9% 
Credit impairment ........................................ 
169,784 
(68,851) 
(238,635) 
-  
Credit recoveries .......................................... 
(63,284) 
(36,849) 
26,435 
-  
Credit impairment, net of recoveries............ 
106,500 
(105,700) 
(212,200) 
-  
Other provisions and impairments ............... 
159,328 
64,874 
(94,454) 
(59.3%) 
Provisions and impairments ..................... 
265,829 
(40,826) 
(306,654) 
-  
Net operating income ................................. 
953,035 
1,306,993 
353,958 
37.1% 
Income Tax ................................................. 
328,516 
417,011 
88,495 
26.9% 
of which Contribution on the banking 
sector ..................................................... 
39,456 
32,983 
(6,473) 
(16.4%) 
Net op. inc. after tax and before non-
controlling int. ............................................ 
624,519 
889,982 
265,463 
42.5%

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
  
 
2023-06 
2024-06 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Non-controlling interests ............................. 
39,723 
35,331 
(4,392) 
(11.1%) 
Results of associated companies .................. 
12,384 
23,507 
11,123 
89.8% 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale ............. 
10,679 
11,132 
454 
4.2% 
Net income .................................................. 
607,859 
889,291 
281,432 
46.3% 
CGD Group’s Consolidated Net Asset 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023-12 
 
2024-06 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Structure 
 
Total 
 
Structure 
 
 
 
(EUR million) 
 
CGD’s Group 
 
 
 
 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos ............................ 
83,657 
84.3% 
87,450 
84.1% 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, SA (Macau) .. 
5,503 
5.5% 
5,789 
5.6% 
France branch .............................................. 
476 
0.5% 
612 
0.6% 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos 
(Moçambique) ............................................. 
2,991 
3.0% 
3,302 
3.2% 
Banco Comercial do Atlântico (Cape 
Verde)  ......................................................... 
867 
0.9% 
862 
0.8% 
BCG Angola ................................................ 
1,008 
1.0% 
1,062 
1.0% 
Other companies(1) ....................................... 
4,792 
4.8% 
4,851 
4.7% 
Consolidated net assets .............................. 
99,294 
100.0% 
103,929 
100.0% 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Includes units consolidated by the equity accounting method. 
Asset Quality (consolidated) 
 
 
2023-12 
2024-06 
NPE ratio(1) ................................................................................................................ 
1.51% 
1.47% 
NPL ratio(2) ................................................................................................................ 
1.65% 
1.65% 
NPE coverage by impairments .................................................................................. 
149.2% 
139.6% 
NPL coverage by impairments .................................................................................. 
172.2% 
163.9% 
Credit. Impairments. (P&L) / Loans & advances. Customers. (average) ................... 
0.29% 
(0.40%) 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
NPE - Nonperforming exposure - EBA Risk Dashboard; 
(2) 
NPL - Nonperforming loans - EBA Risk Dashboard.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Non-performing loans (NPL) 
In the first half of 2024, total liabilities increased by €4,219 million, or 4.7 per cent. with customer 
resources being a key driver, reaching €83,978 million, an increase of €3,295 million (4.1 per cent.) compared 
to December 2023, primarily due to the growth in customer deposits. 
Customer deposits totalled €83,622 million (a 3.9 per cent. increase from December 2023), driven by a 
3.7 per cent. increase in deposits from individuals in Portugal, that amounted to €57,366 million. 
In the domestic market, CGD maintained its leading market position both in total customer deposits, with 
a market share in June 2024 of 23.0 per cent., and in individuals’ deposits, with a market share of 31.4 per cent.. 
Liquidity 
In the first half of 2024 CGD continued to display a significant level of liquidity, having a volume of 
deposits with the Eurosystem of €22 billion, in addition to a set of assets available as collateral in operations 
with the ECB, which, at the end of June 2024, totalled €18 billion. 
Customer deposits play a key role in CGD Group's funding structure, representing 90 per cent. of total 
consolidated liabilities (excluding non-current liabilities held for sale). 
Throughout the 1st half of 2024, since CGD had already met the mandatory minimum MREL requirement 
stipulated for 1 January 2024, CGD did not need to access the market with more debt issuances. 
Securities (consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-12
2024-06
Total
(%)
 
 
(EUR million) 
Senior Debt  .................................................  
1,358 
1,349 
(9) 
(0.7%)
Subordinated Debt .......................................  
600 
600 
0 
0.0%
Other ............................................................  
49 
36 
(13) 
(26.5%)
Total ............................................................  
2,007 
1,985 
(22) 
(1.1%)
 
At the end of the first half of 2024, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) stood at 329.2 per cent., which is higher 
than the current regulatory liquidity coverage requirement (100 per cent.). 
The NSFR (net stable funding ratio) of 189.6 per cent. (compared to 185.8 per cent. at the end of 2023) also 
confirms CGD Group’s comfortable liquidity situation at the end of June of 2024. 
Capital Management 
At the end of the first half of 2024, after the distribution of €525 million in dividends, equity attributable 
to CGD's shareholder was €10,241 million, surpassing the €10 billion mark through organic capital generation. 
The capital generated since 2017, in the amount of €5,203 million, thus exceeds by 1.3 times the public 
investment of the Recapitalization Plan, considering the €2,200 million in dividends paid between 2019 and 
2024, after the period from 2011 to 2018 in which there was no dividend payment. Additionally, €300 million 
of an extraordinary dividend, was settled at the end of August 2024. As a result, the distribution of dividends 
since 2018 has reached the full amount of the €2.5 billion capital increase, in cash, carried out in 2017. 
Solvency Ratios (consolidated) 
In June 2024, the common equity tier 1 (CET1) and total ratios, calculated under CRD/CRR rules stood 
at 20.4 per cent. and 20.6 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
In the calculation of own funds for the period, a proportion of the net profit from the prudential perimeter 
was considered, as specifically approved by the supervisor under the terms of no. 2 of article 26 of regulation 
(EU) no. 575/2013. 
The appropriation of €515 million comprises accounting net profit of €881 million, discounted from the 
dividend payout ratio calculated under decision (EU) no. 2015/656 of the ECB, which defines the conditions 
under which credit institutions may include interim or year-end profits in common equity tier 1. 
Own funds, total weighted assets and capital ratios between June 2023 and June 2024 are illustrated 
below. 
 
 
CRR/CRD Rules(1) 
 
 
2023-06
2023-12
2024-06
Own funds 
 
   Common equity tier 1 (CET1)  ................   
8,750 
8,915 
9,213 
   Tier 1 ........................................................   
8,755 
8,920 
9,219 
   Tier 2 ........................................................   
120 
113 
111 
Total ...........................................................   
8,875 
9,032 
9,330 
Weighted assets .........................................   
43,806 
43,814 
45,248
Solvency ratios 
 
 
 
   CET 1 .......................................................   
20.0% 
20.3% 
20.4%
   Tier 1 ........................................................   
20.0% 
20.4% 
20.4%
Total ...........................................................   
20.3% 
20.6% 
20.6%
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Includes the positive net income previously approved by the Supervisor and pursuant to Article 26(2) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013. 
MREL 
Early in 2024, CGD was notified by Bank of Portugal of its requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the MREL (Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities). According to the 
decision of the Single Resolution Board, as of January 2024, the requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities held by CGD is 26.33 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets (RWA) and 6.31 per cent. of total leverage 
ratio exposure (LRE). The MREL ratio as of 30 June 2024 was 27.07 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets and 
10.01 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure, exceeding the target level determined by the Resolution 
Authority for mandatory compliance with the applicable minimum prudential requirements. 
CGD plans to maintain compliance with the requirements through the combination of own funds and 
eligible liabilities. 
CGD is not subject to compliance with any minimum subordination requirement, and the preferred 
resolution strategy is the MPE approach. 
Third Quarter 2024 Results (unaudited) 
Set out below in summary form are the limited review of the condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of CGD which comprise the condensed consolidated balance sheet and the condensed consolidated 
interim income statement as at 30 September 2024.  
CGD closed the first nine months of 2024 with a consolidated net profit of €1,369 million, benefiting 
essentially from the growth in in business volume and a lower cost of risk sustained in a more favourable 
macroeconomic scenario.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Domestic activity contributed €1,220 million to the consolidated results, and international activity 
contributed with approximately €150 million. International activity was negatively impacted by exchange rate 
variations, particularly in Angola (€7.5 million). Excluding the impact of exchange rate variations, the 
contribution of international activity would be €157 million. Among the international entities, BNU Macau and 
BCI in Mozambique were the ones that made the largest contribution to the CGD Group net income, with €49 
million and €51 million respectively, representing two-thirds of the contribution of the Group's international 
activity to the consolidated result.  
The consolidated net interest income increased by €31 million (or 1.5 per cent. in relation to the same 
period of 2023), reaching to €2,121 million. The evolution of the consolidated net interest margin can be 
explained by the following factors: 
 
growth in domestic activity led to an increase in both interest received and paid compared to the same 
period last year, despite a reduction in interest rates on CGD's credit operations from their peak at the 
end of 2023. However, the rise in interest paid on savings grew sevenfold, from €81 million to €570 
million, exceeding the change in interest received. On the other hand, the contribution of treasury 
activities, securities portfolio management and from other domestic entities totalled €740 million, 
representing an increase of €179 million. 
 
international activity contributed €382 million to the consolidated net interest income, approximately 
the same amount as in September 2023, highlighting BCI's positive performance in Mozambique (where 
the increase was around €5.4 million). However, the evolution of the net interest income of CGD’s 
international activity was impacted by negative exchange rate variations in the period, in the amount of 
€18 million, of which €17.6 million negatively influenced the variation in BCG Angola's contribution 
(-€3 million). 
Commissions totalled €437 million, mainly due to the increase in the volume of commissions received 
by means of payment and banking services, associated with the increase of CGD's business volume in 2024. 
CGD's activity in Portugal, commissions grew less than 1 per cent.. In the CGD Group's consolidated activity, 
commissions were up 2.6 per cent. 
Income from financial operations totalled around €120 million, a decrease of €44 million compared to 
September 2023. This decline was primarily due to the extraordinary effect associated with the extinction of 
CGD's pension fund in February 2023, which resulted in an €80 million impact. During this process, its assets 
were integrated into CGD, which then provided cash compensation amounting to €3,018 million to Caixa Geral 
de Aposentações. Excluding this effect, income from financial operations would have increased by €35 million. 
Other operating income was down by around €115 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, 
an evolution justified by the non-recurring gains in this period related to real estate assets and the recognition 
of the capital gain related to the valuation of the Headquarters Building (€82 million). However, excluding the 
non-recurring events mentioned above, the year-on-year variation would be negative by around €12 million. 
(Source: https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2024/Documents/Press-
Release-EN-3Q-2024.pdf )  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
CGD’s consolidated net assets reached €104,218 million at the end of September 2024, an increase of 
5.0 per cent. compared to the end of 2023. As at 30 September 2024 CGD maintained the Portuguese market 
share leadership in individual customers loans (19.1 per cent.) and mortgage loans (23.3 per cent.). 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-12 
2024-09 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equiv. with central banks ..................................... 
23,333 
23,187 
(145)
(0.6%)
Loans and advances to credit institutions ................................... 
2,602 
2,983 
381
14.7%
Securities investments ................................................................ 
16,427 
19,849 
3,422
20.8%

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-12 
2024-09 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR million) 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................... 
50,529 
52,009 
1,480
2.9%
Assets with repurchase agreement .............................................. 
154 
297 
143
93.2%
Non-current assets held for sale .................................................. 
1,282 
1,283 
-
0.0%
Investment properties.................................................................. 
11 
11 
-
-
Intangible and tangible assets ..................................................... 
719 
853 
135
18.8%
Investment in subsidiaries and associated companies ................. 
473 
492 
19
4.0%
Current and deferred tax assets ................................................... 
836 
1,052 
216
25.9%
Other assets ................................................................................. 
2,929 
2,202 
(726) (24.8%)
Total assets ................................................................................ 
99,294 
104,218 
4,924
5.0%
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Central banks’ and credit institutions resources .......................... 
401 
354 
(47) (11.7%)
Customer resources ..................................................................... 
80,683 
85,015 
4,332
5.4%
Debt securities ............................................................................ 
1,401 
1,411 
10
0.7%
Financial liabilities ..................................................................... 
151 
147 
(4)
(2.9%)
Non-current liabilities held for sale ............................................ 
1,025 
1,068 
43
4.2%
Provisions ................................................................................... 
1,386 
1,445 
58
4.2%
Subordinated liabilities ............................................................... 
606 
609 
3
0.4%
Other liabilities ........................................................................... 
3,815 
3,776 
(39)
(1.0%)
Sub-total .................................................................................... 
89,468 
93,825 
4,357
4.9%
Shareholders’ equity ................................................................. 
9,826 
10,393 
568
5.8%
Total ........................................................................................... 
99,294 
104,218 
4,924
5.0%
Income Statement (Consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
  
 
2023-09 
2024-09 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Interest and similar income .......................... 
2,568,959 
3,316,954 
747,994 
29.1% 
Interest and similar costs ............................. 
478,876 
1,195,504 
716,628 
149.6% 
Net interest income ................................ 
2,090,084 
2,121,450 
31,366 
1.5% 
Income from equity instruments .................. 
6,003 
4,679 
(1,325) 
(22.1%) 
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. 
investm. ....................................................... 
2,096,087 
2,126,128 
30,042 
1.4% 
Fees and commissions income ..................... 
542,861 
554,214 
11,353 
2.1% 
Fees and comissions expenses ..................... 
117,223 
117,528 
304 
0.3% 
Net fees and commissions ..................... 
425,638 
436,687 
11,049 
2.6% 
Net trading income ...................................... 
163,894 
119,571 
(44,322) 
(27.0%) 
Other operating income ............................... 
122,407 
7,230 
(115,177) 
(94.1%) 
Non-interest income ................................... 
711,939 
563,488 
(148,450) 
(20.9%)

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 
  
 
2023-09 
2024-09 
Total 
(%) 
 
 
(EUR thousand) 
 
Total operating income .............................. 
2,808,025 
2,689,617 
(118,409) 
(4.2%) 
Employee costs ............................................ 
486,337 
466,810 
(19,527) 
(4.0%) 
Administrative expenses .............................. 
211,469 
203,997 
(7,472) 
(3.5%) 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................... 
93,583 
109,115 
15,533 
16.6% 
Operating costs ...................................... 
791,389 
779,923 
(11,466) 
(1.4%) 
Net operating income before 
impairments ............................................... 
2,016,636 
1,909,694 
(106,942) 
(5.3%) 
Provisions and Impairments for credit risks. 
154,441 
(197,059) 
(351,500) 
-  
Other provisions and impairments ............... 
355,134 
90,663 
(264,471) 
(74.5%) 
Provisions and impairments ..................... 
509,575 
(106,396) 
(615,971) 
-  
Net operating income ................................. 
1,507,061 
2,016,089 
509,028 
33.8% 
Income Tax ................................................. 
507,154 
643,274 
136,121 
26.8% 
of which Contribution on the banking 
sector ..................................................... 
39,456 
32,983 
(6,473) 
(16.4%) 
Net op. inc. after tax and before non-
controlling int. ............................................ 
999,907 
1,372,815 
372,908 
37.3% 
Non-controlling interests ............................. 
55,092 
56,506 
1,414 
2.6% 
Results of associated companies .................. 
26,725 
37,731 
11,006 
41.2% 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale ............. 
15,831 
15,322 
(509) 
(3.2%) 
Net income .................................................. 
987,371 
1,369,361 
381,990 
38.7% 
Liquidity 
In the first nine months of 2024, CGD continued to display a significant level of liquidity, both in 
deposits with the Eurosystem of around €22 billion, and in the total amount of assets available for collateral in 
operations with the ECB, which, at the end of September 2024, totalled around €18.8 billion. 
Customer deposits play a key role in CGD Group's funding structure, representing 91 per cent. of total 
consolidated liabilities (excluding non-current liabilities held for sale). At the end of September 2024, the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) stood at 339.0 per cent., which is higher than the current regulatory liquidity 
coverage requirement (100 per cent.). 
Capital 
In the end of the first nine months of 2024, equity attributable to CGD's shareholder was €10,393 million, 
surpassing the €10 billion mark through organic capital generation. The value recorded in equity already 
includes the distribution of €825 million of dividends for the 2023 financial year, consisting of €525 million 
paid to the shareholder in June 2024 and €300 million of an additional dividend, settled at the end of August 
2024. As a result, the distribution of dividends since 2018 has reached the full amount of the €2.5 billion capital 
increase, in cash, carried out in 2017. 
The capital generated since 2017, in the amount of €5,651 million, thus exceeds by 1.4 times the public 
investment of the Recapitalization Plan, considering the €2,500 million in dividends paid between 2019 and 
2024, after the period from 2011 to 2018 in which there was no dividend payment. 
The fully loaded CET1, Tier 1 and Total ratios stood at 21.0 per cent., 21.0 per cent. and 21.3 per cent. 
respectively (including net income for the period, excluding the maximum distributable amount according to 
dividend policy), complying with the capital requirements in force for CGD with a comfortable margin. These

--- Page 124 ---
124 
ratios, which are higher than the Portuguese and European average, demonstrate CGD's robust and adequate 
capital position.  
It should be noted that the CET1 ratio exhibits a margin of 12.21 percentage points compared to the 
regulatory capital requirements for 2024, after the reduction of 25 basis points in the requirement for an 
additional reserve of own funds that is required of CGD as an “Other Systemically Important Institution” (O-
SII) reflecting an assessment of lower systemic risk by the Supervisor. 
SREP – Capital Requirements (consolidated) 
CGD received the ECB’s minimum prudential requirements applicable for the year 2025, as determined 
through the SREP, as well as the “Other Systemically Important Institutions” (O-SII) buffer established by the 
Bank of Portugal. 
The minimum CET1 ratio required for CGD on a consolidated basis is now 8.819 per cent. and includes: 
(i) a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.50 per cent. required for Pillar 1; (ii) a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 
1.069 per cent. required for Pillar 2 (P2R); (iii) a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.50 per cent.; (iv) an 
“Other Systemically Important Institutions” buffer of 0.75 per cent. and (v) a countercyclical capital buffer of 
0 per cent. of the total amount of risk positions (as defined by the Bank of Portugal for the first and second 
quarters of 2024), as set out in the following table. 
 
2024-09
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) .............................................................................. 
8.819%
Pillar 1 ....................................................................................................................... 
4.50%
Pillar 2 Requirement .................................................................................................. 
1.069%
Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB) ........................................................................... 
2.50%
O-SII Buffer (other systemic important institution) ................................................... 
0.75%
Tier 1 ........................................................................................................................ 
10.675%
Total ......................................................................................................................... 
13.15%
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), the countercyclical buffer (0 per cent.), 
and the “Other Systemically Important Institutions” (O-SII) buffer (0.75 per cent.), unchanged after the 0.25 
basis points reduction in 2024. The Pillar 2 requirement for CGD in 2025 remains unchanged at 1.9 per cent., 
after the 10 basis points reduction in 2023 and the 25 basis points in 2022. 
As of 30 September 2024, CGD’s capital ratios exceeded the newly established minimum requirements 
for CET1, Tier 1 and Total Capital by 12.23 percentage points, 10.39 percentage points and 8.16 percentage 
points, respectively. 
 
MREL 
As of 30 September 2024, MREL ratio was 27.88 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets and 10.30 per 
cent. of total leverage ratio exposure, exceeding the target level determined by the Resolution Authority for 
mandatory compliance with the applicable minimum prudential requirements. 
CGD is not subject to the fulfilment of any minimum subordination requirement, and the preferred 
resolution strategy is the Multiple Point of Entry. CGD plans to maintain compliance with the requirements 
through the combination of own funds and eligible liabilities.   
Rating 
In October 2024, DBRS Morningstar upgraded its Long-Term Senior Issuer Rating to A (low) from BBB 
(high) while maintaining a Positive trend. With this upgrade to A (low), CGD reaches for the first time, in the 
case of DBRS, a rating category that is superior to the BBB range it enjoyed from its initial rating in 2011.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
According to DBRS Morningstar, the upgrade of CGD’s long-term rating reflects a significant 
improvement in profitability and the reduction of NPL (non-performing loans), exceeding that of its domestic 
and international peers. These two factors, according to DBRS, demonstrate the effectiveness of CGD’s 
restructuring and the derisking of its balance sheet. In addition, the rating upgrade reflects a strong 
capitalization, supported by a higher capacity to generate organic capital. 
On 19 November 2024, Moody's upgraded CGD’s Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) rating from baa1 
to a3, remaining the highest in the banking sector in Portugal. Moody's also upgraded the long-term deposit 
rating from A3 to A2, while reaffirming the senior unsecured debt rating at Baa1. All ratings have a Stable 
outlook. 
On 13 December 2024, Fitch Ratings upgraded the Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) from BBB 
to BBB+, with a stable outlook, and the Viability Rating (VR) from bbb to bbb+. Simultaneously, the Short-
Term Issuer Default Rating was raised from F3 to F2 and the long-term deposit rating was raised to A-, one 
level above the IDR. 
In its assessment, Fitch highlights the strengthening of CGD’s financial indicators, including the 
structural improvement in profitability, asset quality and liquidity position. 
On 2 January 2025, S&P Global Ratings assigned CGD a Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating (ICR) of A- 
with a positive outlook. The assigned short-term rating is A-2, also with a positive outlook.  
The rating is underpinned by several factors, including CGD’s leadership in commercial banking in 
Portugal, its ample liquidity position supported on deposits, its strong capitalization and expectations of a 
positive evolution in profitability and efficiency while maintaining a low level of defaults. 
On 9 January 2025, Fitch Ratings ceased to provide rating to CGD due to the termination of its contract. 
In 2024, CGD’s rating was upgraded by three agencies and currently has a positive outlook in two, 
raising the prospect of further upgrades.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
DESCRIPTION OF CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, FRANCE BRANCH 
General 
CGD's operations in Paris commenced with the opening of a branch in 1974. In 2001, the CGD Group 
completed its restructuring process for its French operations, pursuant to which Banque Franco Portugaise was 
merged into Caixa Geral de Depósitos and its assets absorbed by the France branch of CGD (“CGDFB”). The 
two institutions were officially merged on 26 October 2003. CGDFB ‘s address is 38 Rue de Provence, 75009 
Paris, France. 
Business 
CGDFB is geared to the “natural” market comprising the Portuguese community in France and is one 
of CGD Group’s major foreign operations. The branch also caters to other communities (particularly Portuguese 
speaking communities) and assists Portuguese companies operating in France, both in the sphere of bilateral 
trade between the two countries and in the sphere of freedom to provide services. 
The French economy achieved modest albeit positive growth of 0.2 per cent. in the first quarter and 0.3 
per cent. in the second quarter of 2024. This economic growth was essentially driven by public and private 
consumption, fueled by an improved level of purchasing power associated with a disinflationary context, as the 
harmonized index of consumer prices registered an annual growth rate of 2.5 per cent. in June 2024. The 
evolution of consumption was, however, offset by a continued fall in investment by companies and households, 
both of which were affected by an unfavorable context involving more restrictive financial conditions. The 
contribution of foreign trade to activity was positive, with a reduction of stocks and a continued growth of 
exports in line with the ongoing recovery of world trade. 
In addition to the macroeconomic context continuing to affect CGD's France branch, it also has to 
contend with a banking market characterized by strong competition for deposits and a resumption of 
competition in credit, especially in the real estate sector, at a time of declining interest rates on loans. The real 
estate market in France, after several dynamic years, is also going through a particularly tense period, owing to 
the current environment of a sharp decline in the volume of transactions. Against this backdrop, the branch’s 
performance in the French market has resulted in a 2 per cent. increase in credit and a 2 per cent. decrease in 
customer deposits. 
CGD's France branch balance sheet in June 2024 accordingly totaled €3,307 million, a 1 per cent. 
increase of €32 million over the same period 2023. Total operating income has remained relatively stable (down 
0.2 per cent. over June 2023) at around €47 million, owing to the favorable evolution of non-interest income 
which has offset the decline in net interest income, impacted by the slowdown of lending operations. Provisions 
and impairment in June 2024 were down €2 million over the previous period, mainly on account of provisions. 
France Branch – Indicators 
 
 
 
Change 
 
 
2023-06 
2024-06 
Total 
(%) 
 
(EUR Million) 
 
Net interest income ...................................... 
38.3 
36.1 
(2.2) 
(5.7%) 
Total operating income ................................ 
47.4 
47.4 
(0.1) 
(0.2%) 
Operating costs ............................................ 
32.5 
34.1 
1.6 
4.8% 
Net op. income before impairments ............. 
14.9 
13.3 
(1.7) 
(11.1%) 
Provisions and impairments ......................... 
3.1 
1.2 
(1.9) 
(61.0%) 
Net income................................................... 
8.0 
9.5 
1.4 
17.8% 
Net assets ..................................................... 
3,274.9 
3,306.8 
31.9 
1.0% 
Loans and adv. to customers (net) ............... 
2,685.4 
2,731.1 
45.6 
1.7% 
Customer deposits ........................................ 
2,770.4 
2,705.2 
(65.2) 
(2.4%)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
CGD's France branch contributed €8.7 million to CGD's consolidated net income in the first half 2024.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
TAXATION  
Portugal  
General 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may be 
relevant to decisions regarding the purchase of Notes. Notably, the following general discussion does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser of the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the 
date of this Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, 
under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. 
Notes issued by CGDFB are subject to the following specific tax considerations 
Payments to be made by CGDFB of interest and principal on Notes issued by it to an individual or legal 
person non-resident in Portuguese territory for tax purposes, are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax 
whenever those payments correspond to costs or charges concerning the activities of that branch. If that is not 
the case, pursuant to Orders (Despachos) no. 935/2006 – XVII, of 31 July and no. 1132/2006 – XVII, of 12 
September, both of the Secretary of State for Fiscal Affairs (Secretário de Estado dos Assuntos Fiscais), the 
Portuguese tax authorities consider that interest derived from notes, issued by Portuguese resident entities, 
acting through their branches located outside Portuguese territory which proceeds are transferred to the head 
office or other branches, shall be deemed to be obtained in Portuguese territory and therefore payment of such 
interest to entities with no residence, head office, effective management or permanent establishment in Portugal 
is subject to withholding tax at the rate of 25 per cent. (in case of legal persons) or at the rate of 28 per cent. (in 
case of individuals) or at the rate of 35 per cent. in the case of investment income payments made to (i) accounts 
opened in the name of one or several account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties and the 
relevant beneficial owners of the income is/are not identified; or (ii) individuals and legal persons domiciled in 
a country, territory or region subject to a tax regime which is clearly more favourable, included in the blacklist 
approved by Order issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance (currently Portaria no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time), which may be reduced as a rule between 5 and 15 per cent. according 
to applicable double taxation treaties, if any, entered into by the Portuguese Republic and other countries, 
subject to certain formalities being met, and even eliminated if certain exemptions are applicable. 
Notes issued by CGD are subject to the following specific tax considerations: 
The economic advantages deriving from interest amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other 
types of remuneration arising from Notes issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes acquired on the secondary market are 
qualified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General Tax Regime Applicable to Debt Securities 
Resident 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that 
income unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the current 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax 
rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence 
the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special 
tax rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between such gains and gains on other securities and 
losses on securities unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the 
current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as interest, rather than as capital gains, for tax purposes. 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes, is 
mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 days and 
the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or 
exceeds €83,696. 
The annual balance between capital gains and capital losses realized on the disposal of securities 
admitted to trading on regulated markets, when positive, is partially excluded from taxation, as follows: 
(i) 
10 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period of more 
than 2 years and up to 5 years; 
(ii) 
20 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period equal to 
or more than 5 years and up to 8 years; and 
(iii) 
30 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period equal to 
or more than 8 years. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and 
are subject to corporate income tax at a 20 per cent. rate; a 16 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €50,000 of 
taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies or small and mid-capitalisation companies, as 
defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November; a 12.5 per cent. rate is applicable to the first 
€50,000 of taxable income obtained by entities that qualify as startups as defined in Law no. 21/2023, of 5 May 
and comply with the conditions set forth in Article 2.º, no. 1(f) of such Law). A municipal surcharge (“derrama 
municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (“derrama estadual”) 
also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable 
profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000 and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of 
€35,000,000. As general rule, withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment 
income, which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Financial institutions subject to tax in 
Portugal, pension funds, venture capital funds or undertakings for collective investment incorporated and 
operating under the laws in Portugal and some other exempt entities are not subject to Portuguese withholding 
tax. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence, the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Non-resident 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per 
cent. which is the final tax on that income. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-
resident legal persons without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. which is the final tax on that income. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per

--- Page 130 ---
130 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. applies in the case of investment income payments to individuals 
or companies domiciled in a “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 
of 13 February, as amended, from time to time. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced as a rule to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the 
applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax 
authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may 
apply at source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes may 
be available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation 
unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 
February, as amended (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis), from time to time. Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not entitled to 
said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate. Under the tax treaties entered into by 
Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income tax, but the applicable rules should 
be confirmed on a case by case basis. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes. 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for 
tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident entity is more than 25 per cent. 
directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, 
territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list 
approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from time to time (Lista dos 
países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis).  
This 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following cumulative requirements are met 
by the seller: (i) the seller is an entity resident in the EU or in a EEA State which is bound to cooperate with 
Portugal under an administrative cooperation agreement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information 
schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States or in any country with which Portugal 
has a double tax treaty in force that foresees the exchange of information; (ii) such entity is subject and not 
exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of the Council Directive 2011/96/EU, of 30 November 2011, or a tax 
of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese corporate income tax rate; (iii) it holds 
at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights regarding the entity subject to disposal for at least one 
year uninterruptedly; and (iv) is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements 
that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage. 
Although the abovementioned cumulative requirements are in full force and effect since 31 March 2016 and 
apply to securities in general, the law is not clear on the application thereof for holders of debt representative 
securities, as some of the alluded requirements appear not to apply to debt representative securities. 
If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate 
income tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Special Debt Securities Tax Regime 
Resident 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that 
income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive 
rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part of the 
taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. The relevant tax shall be withheld by the relevant direct registering entity.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special 
tax rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between such gains and gains on other securities and 
losses on securities unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the 
current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as interest, rather than as capital gains, for tax purposes. 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes, is 
mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 days and 
the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or 
exceeds €83,696. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and 
are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 20 per cent. tax rate; a 16 per cent. tax rate is applicable to the first 
€50,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies or small and mid-capitalisation 
companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November; a 12.5 per cent. rate is 
applicable to the first €50,000 of taxable income obtained by entities that qualify as startups as defined in Law 
no. 21/2023, of 5 May and comply with the conditions set forth in Article 2.º, no. 1(f) of such Law).A municipal 
surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A state surcharge 
(“derrama estadual”) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 
5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000 and 9 per cent. on taxable profits 
in excess of €35,000,000. 
As general rule, withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, 
which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. The relevant tax shall be withheld by the relevant 
direct registering entity. Financial institutions subject to tax in Portugal, pension funds, venture capital funds 
and collective investment undertakings incorporated under the laws in Portugal and some exempt entities are 
not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Non-resident 
Pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005, 
investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of the Notes, to 
non-Portuguese resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt 
securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes 
in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a 
managing entity established in an EU Member State other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area 
Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters 
existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered above provided 
that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and 
the beneficiaries are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement; or 
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in 
a blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial order no. 150/2004, as amended. 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these procedures (which are 
aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder), the beneficial owner is required to hold the Notes 
through an account with one of the following entities: 
(i) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
(ii) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered 
entities”, is a client of the latter; or 
(iii) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
The special regime approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to 
be followed on the proof of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the Instruments to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is required to obtain and retain proof, in the form described 
below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the 
proof of non-residence should be provided to, and received by, the direct register entities prior to the relevant 
date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), and, in the case of 
domestically cleared Notes, prior to the transfer of Notes, as the case may be. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Domestically Cleared Notes 
The beneficial owner of Notes must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory substantially 
in the terms set forth below: 
(i) 
If a holder of Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international organisation 
recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the holder of Notes, 
duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision regime or 
administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration confirming the legal existence of the holder of Notes and its domicile; or (C) proof 
of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective investment 
undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or jurisdiction with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force, certification 
shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the 
entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming 
its legal existence and the law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the 
terms of paragraph (iv) below;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities or, (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued 
by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only 
indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) is not acceptable. There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents, in 
particular that the holder of Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the 
date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3-year period 
starting on the date such document is issued. 
In cases referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, proof of non-residence is required only once, 
the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any changes that impact the entitlement to the 
exemption. The holder of Notes must inform the register entity immediately of any change that may preclude 
the tax exemption from applying. 
Internationally Cleared Notes 
If the Notes are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the relevant date 
for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), the entity managing such system 
is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the identification and number of securities, as well 
as the income and, when applicable, the tax withheld, itemised by type of beneficial owner, as follows: 
(i) 
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax; 
(ii) 
entities domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from 
time to time, which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are exempt from tax and are not subject to withholding tax; 
(iv) 
other non-Portuguese resident entities. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register entity, 
in relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, if applicable, identification 
of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree Law No. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions 
shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, 
tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005. 
The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Notes within 6 months from the date the 
withholding took place through an official form available at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
The refund of withholding tax after the above 6 months period is to be claimed to the Portuguese tax 
authorities through an official form available at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt, within 2 years from the 
end of the year in which tax was withheld. The refund is to be made within 3 months, after which interest is 
due.  
France  
The description below is only intended as a basic summary of certain French withholding tax 
consequences that may be relevant to holders of Notes issued by CGDFB who do not concurrently hold shares

--- Page 134 ---
134 
of the Issuers. This summary is based on the laws of France (as interpreted by the tax authorities and case law) 
currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date of this Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, 
possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. This description is for general information only and does not 
purport to be comprehensive. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional 
tax adviser. 
Pursuant to the French General Tax Code, payments of interest and other revenues made by CGDFB, in 
its capacity as issuer, with respect to Notes will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 
A III of the French General Tax Code unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State 
or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French General Tax 
Code (a “Non-Cooperative State”), other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French 
General Tax Code. If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French General Tax Code, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be 
applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax 
treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other revenues on 
such Notes will not be deductible from CGDFB’s taxable income, if, save to the extent such expenses relate to 
genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, they are paid to persons being 
domiciled or established in a foreign jurisdiction where they are subject to a preferential tax regime or if they 
are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on a bank account 
opened in a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State. Under certain conditions, any 
such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be characterised as constructive dividends pursuant to 
Article 109 of the French General Tax Code, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may 
be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code, at a rate of (i) 
12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) 25 per cent. for 
payments benefiting legal entities which are not French tax residents, or (iii) 75 per cent. for payments made 
outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French 
General Tax Code (subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax nor, to the extent the relevant 
interest or other revenues relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the 
non-deductibility set out under Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code (and therefore the withholding 
tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code which may be levied as a result of such non-
deductibility) will apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes if CGDFB can prove that the main purpose and 
effect of such issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in 
a Non-Cooperative State (the “Exception”). Pursuant to the French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-
DG-20-50-20 n°290 dated 6 June 2023, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 n°150 dated 14 June 2022, BOI-RPPM-RCM-
30-10-20-40 dated 20 December 2019, and BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60, n°10 dated 20 December 2019) an 
issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without CDGFB having to provide any proof of the purpose and 
effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411.1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the registration or 
submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, 
or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
payment and delivery systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A of the 
French General Tax Code, subject to certain limited exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received 
from by individuals fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other similar revenues paid to individuals 
fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
The United States 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), 
commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (including an intermediary through which Notes 
are held) may be required to withhold at a rate of 30 per cent. on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Each Issuer 
believes it is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal 
and France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
Luxembourg  
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of tax consequences in relation to the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax 
position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect subject to certain exceptions (as described below), no 
Luxembourg withholding tax is due on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or 
repayments of principal. 
Luxembourg non-residents 
Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to non-resident individual Noteholders are no longer 
subject to any Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Luxembourg residents 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Book Entry Notes 
CGD will make applications to Interbolsa, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Book Entry Notes. Book Entry Notes will only 
be issued in dematerialised form and therefore no certificates will be deposited in custody on behalf of the 
clearing systems. 
For a summary description of rules applicable to Book Entry Notes see section “Book Entry Notes Held 
Through Interbolsa”. 
Bearer Notes 
The relevant Issuer will make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Bearer Series of Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in CGN 
form, a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. In respect of Bearer Notes 
in NGN form, the Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be delivered to a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxemburg. Transfers of interests in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note will be made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
Registered Notes 
The relevant Issuer will make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate. Each Unrestricted Global Certificate will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The relevant Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch will make application to DTC for acceptance in 
its book-entry settlement system of the Restricted Notes represented by each Restricted Global Certificate. Each 
Restricted Global Certificate will have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to 
restrictions on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Note, as set out under “Transfer 
Restrictions”. In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of Registered Notes”, transfers of 
interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such legend is no longer applicable. 
The custodian with whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited (the “Custodian”) and DTC 
will electronically record the principal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors 
in Notes of such Series may hold their interests in a Unrestricted Global Certificate only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in an Restricted Global Certificate directly through 
DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in 
such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the name 
of DTC’s nominee will be to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such Restricted Global 
Certificate. The relevant Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately 
credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as shown on the records of DTC 
or the nominee. The relevant Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in such Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such DTC 
participants. None of the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the Restricted 
Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership 
interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or a Restricted 
Global Certificate. Individual Definitive Registered Notes will only be available, in the case of Unrestricted 
Notes, in amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, in the case of Restricted Notes, in amounts of

--- Page 137 ---
137 
U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances described below. 
Individual Definitive Registered Notes 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or for DTC will not be permitted unless in the case of Restricted Notes, DTC notifies 
the relevant Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with 
respect to the Restricted Global Certificate, or ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or is at any time no longer eligible to act 
as such and the relevant Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of 
such ineligibility on the part of DTC, (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Notes, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do so, or (iii) the Trustee 
has instituted or has been directed to institute any judicial proceeding in a court to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders under the Notes and the Trustee has been advised by counsel that in connection with such 
proceeding it is necessary or appropriate for the Trustee to obtain possession of the Notes. In such 
circumstances, the relevant Issuer will cause sufficient individual Definitive Registered Notes to be executed 
and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A 
person having an interest in a Global Registered Certificate must provide the Registrar with: 
(i) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the relevant Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual Definitive Registered 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of 
such exchange, or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that 
the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Individual Definitive 
Registered Notes issued pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall bear the legends applicable to 
transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Registered Certificates within DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
The laws of some states in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to such 
persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, 
may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may be held only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in a Unrestricted Global 
Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global Certificate 
for the same Series of Notes provided that any such transfer made on or prior to the expiration of the Distribution 
Compliance Period (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”) relating to the Notes represented by such 
Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a 
written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, (based on a written 
certificate from the transferor of such interest) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom 
the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any 
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter of the Notes represented 
by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon request through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent and 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of details of that account at DTC to be credited with the relevant interest

--- Page 138 ---
138 
in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the Restricted Global 
Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Unrestricted Global Certificate will only 
be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a certificate setting forth compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Registered 
Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described above 
and under “Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Custodian, the Registrar 
and the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements 
for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Registered Certificates will be effected through the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account 
for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the 
disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Registered Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary 
certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery 
versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment 
must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions”. 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of 
Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for exchange 
as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in 
Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant or participants has or have given such 
direction. However, in the circumstances described above, DTC will surrender the relevant Restricted Global 
Certificates for exchange for individual Definitive Registered Notes (which will, in the case of Restricted Notes, 
bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under 
the laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a member 
of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange 
Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions between participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of 
its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, 
that clear through, or maintain a custodial relationship with, a DTC direct participant, either directly or 
indirectly. 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in 
order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Registered Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Clearstream,

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the Custodian, Restricted Notes represented 
by individual Definitive Registered Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue Date, 
which could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, trades in the United States secondary market 
generally are required to settle within three business days (T+3), unless the parties to any such trade expressly 
agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or 
the next succeeding business days until the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the 
Notes initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be 
affected by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date 
of pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
20 October 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, between the 
Issuers, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuers 
to the Permanent Dealers. However, each of the Issuers has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by each Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer may pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Notes subscribed by it. The Issuers have agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred 
in connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection 
with the Programme. 
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer, 
including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue 
Date. In this situation, the issuance of the Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the 
Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the 
distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. 
broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer resale of Notes within the United States only to qualified 
institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering 
of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. The Issuers and the Dealers

--- Page 141 ---
141 
reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Prospectus 
does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, other than any qualified 
institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the 
Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the 
United States or by any qualified institutional buyer in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other 
person within the United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained 
to advise such non-U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any 
disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuers of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other 
person within the United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained 
to advise such non-U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer, 144A is prohibited. 
Each issuance of index-, commodity- or currency-linked Notes may be subject to such additional U.S. 
selling restrictions as the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the relevant Issuer as a term of the issuance and 
purchase or, as the case may be, subscription of such Notes. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and 
deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is (one or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, 
and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other selling restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 143 ---
143 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; 
and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes in France to, and that it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes to, qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the “SFA”)), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA, pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, each of the Issuers has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuers, 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting 
delivery of this Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such Restricted 
Notes for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and (c) aware, and each 
beneficial owner of such Restricted Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Restricted Notes to it 
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
The Restricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that 
it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer, (b) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
Such Restricted Notes, unless the relevant Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE 
HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS 
NOTE. 
(4) 
It understands that the relevant Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is 
acquiring any Restricted Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(5) 
It understands that the Restricted Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by the 
Restricted Global Certificate. Before any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the 
Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification 
(in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the dis-application 
of non-applicable provisions, is set out below:  
[[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]] 
[[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [Consider any negative target market]. 
[Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][A distributor] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][A distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)][the EUWA]; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the 
Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [‘prescribed capital markets products’]/[capital markets 
products other than ‘prescribed capital markets products’] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]3 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its France branch] 
[Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
1 
Include where item 36 of Part A – Contractual Terms of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
2 
 Include where item 37 of Part A – Contractual Terms of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
3 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the relevant Issuer is to consider whether it needs to reclassify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the Offer.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated 14 January 2025 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [●]] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus [and 
the supplement[s] to the Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/EMTN-Programme.aspx.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 14 January 
2025. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 14 January 2025 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the prospectus dated [original date]. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer’s website https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-
Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/EMTN-Programme.aspx.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs.] 
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the 
Notes will be 
consolidated and 
form a single series: 
 
The Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [●] on the 
[Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below, 
which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]] 
2 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert 
date]] 
5 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date 
(if different from the 
Issue Date): 
 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
7 
Maturity Date: 
 
[●] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[EURIBOR[+/-] 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
Subject 
to 
any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[For the period from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date, up 
to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[13/14/15] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14/15] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Call Option[s] (further particulars 
specified at item 17 below)]  
[Clean-up 
Call 
Option 
(further 
particulars specified at item 18 
below)] 
[Put Option[s] (further particulars 
specified at item 19 below)] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Ordinary Senior Notes] 
[Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
(ii) 
Date [Board] 
[Executive 
Committee] approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
 
[●] [and [●], respectively][Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/ 
monthly] in arrear]] 
[(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [●]/not 
adjusted]] 
[(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount [(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
[(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – 
ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/3
60][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA]] 
[(vi) 
Determination 
Date(s) (Condition 
5(i)(vii)): 
 
[[●] in each year /Not Applicable]] 
14 
Reset Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[(i) 
Initial Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in 
arrear [on each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
[(ii) 
First Margin: 
 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
[(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable]] 
[(iv) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date[[in each 
case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(v) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]] 
[(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
 
[●][subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable][subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(ix) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(x) 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
 
[●]] 
[(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-
Swap Rate]] 
[(xii) 
Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR]/[●]] 
[(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
 
[●]] 
[(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[●]] 
[(xv) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[●] in each year] 
[(xvi) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
 
[●]] 
[(xvii) Business Centre(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(xviii) Calculation Agent: 
 
[●]]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
[(xix) 
First Reset Period 
Fallback: 
 
[●]] 
[(xx) 
Swap Rate Period: 
 
[●]] 
15 
Floating Rate Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
[●]] 
[(iii) 
First Interest 
Payment Date: 
 
[●]] 
[(iv) 
Interest Period 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
(Adjusted) 
Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]] 
[(v) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
 
[●]] 
[(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination]] 
[(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[●]] 
[(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
[●] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
 
[●]] 
 
[(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
 
[●] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
[(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the 
Rate of Interest for the [long/short]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation]] 
[(xii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[●]] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph). 
[(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]]  
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]]  
[(iv) 
Notice period: 
 
[●]] 
18 
Clean-up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
         [(i) Clean-up Call Effective 
Date: 
 
[Issue Date of the first tranche of the 
Notes]/[●]] 
         [(ii) Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
 
[75 per cent.]/[●]] 
         [(iii) Clean-up Call Option 
Amount: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
         [(iv) Notice Period 
 
[●] days 
19 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●]]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
[(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iii) 
Notice period: 
 
[●]] 
20 
MREL Disqualification 
Event 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in 
Condition 6(f) apply] 
21 
Final Redemption Amount 
of each Note 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
22 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption: 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice] [Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[[Restricted Global Certificate] [and 
Unrestricted 
Global 
Certificate] 
registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Book Entry Notes] 
24 
Cash Bond Note (obrigações 
de caixa): 
 
[Yes][No] 
25 
New Global Note/New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
 
[New 
Global 
Note][New 
Safekeeping 
Structure][Not 
Applicable] 
26 
Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
27 
Talons for future Coupons to 
be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
 
[Yes. The Talons mature on [●]][No] 
[28] [Ordinary Senior Notes: 
Waiver of Set-Off]  
 
[Condition 3(c) is [Not]4 Applicable] 
 
4 
Select “Applicable” for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be eligible as MREL

--- Page 154 ---
154 
[29] [Ordinary Senior Notes: 
Negative Pledge] 
 
[Condition 4(a) is [Not] Applicable] 
[30] [Ordinary Senior Notes: 
Events of Default] 
 
[Condition 
10(a) 
is 
[Not]
5 
Applicable]] 
[31] [Capital Disqualification 
Event: Substitution and 
Variation] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[32] [MREL Disqualification 
Event: Substitution and 
Variation] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
33 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
34 
If syndicated names of 
Managers:  
 
Not Applicable/[●] 
35 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
 
Not Applicable/[●] 
36 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
 
Not Applicable/[Name and address] 
37 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 
2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
38 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information 
document will be prepared, sales of 
such Notes to EEA Retail Investors 
should be prohibited and, therefore, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and 
a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, sales of such 
Notes to EEA Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, 
“Not 
Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
 
39    Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, sales of such Notes to UK 
Retail investors should be prohibited 
and, therefore, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and 
a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, sales of such 
 
5 
Select “Not Applicable” for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be eligible as MREL

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Notes to UK Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, 
“Not 
Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
40    Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY ON THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from ([●])] which, when read together with the Prospectus referred to above, 
contains all information that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, [and is able to ascertain from 
information published by ([●]),] no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ______________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 156 ---
156 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
[Listing and Admission to Trading] 
 
 
[(i) Listing and Admission to trading:] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] 
of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market/[●]] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official 
List] of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market/[●]] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
[(ii) Estimate of total expense related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●]] 
2 
Ratings 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been 
rated] 
[DBRS: 
[Moody’s: 
[Fitch: 
[[●]: 
 
  
 
 
[●]] 
[●]] 
[●]] 
[●]] 
(Include a description of the ratings) 
 
[[DBRS Ratings GmbH]/[Moody’s Investors Service España]/[Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd.]/[●] is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”), and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation] / [[●] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][the CRA 
Regulation]; however, the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation] 
 
3 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Proceeds 
Use of Proceeds: 
[Give details] [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
[Green Notes]/[Social Notes]/[Sustainability Notes]]  
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer is different from general corporate 
purposes, Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability 
Notes will need to include those reasons here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
4 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement 
[Save for [●], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.] 
5 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Indication of yield: 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
6 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN: 
 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Interbolsa Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários S.A., Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
 
Yes/No/Not Applicable (in the case of Notes issued in 
NGN form) 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
Relevant Benchmark: 
 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name][appears/does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
(as 
amended, 
the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[Not Applicable] 
Green/Social/Sustainability Notes: 
 
[Green] / [Social] / [Sustainability] / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
 
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third-party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
(ii) 
[Date of Second Party 
Opinion(s):] 
 
[●]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Each of the Issuers has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Portugal and France, 
respectively, in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CGD passed on 15 September 1999. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of CGD 
passed on 21 October 2024. The issue of each non-syndicated Tranche of Notes is subject to a prior resolution 
by the Board of Directors (or the Executive Committee) of CGD. The issue of each syndicated Tranche of Notes 
is subject to a prior resolution by the Board of Directors (or the Executive Committee) of CGD and the provision 
of a legal opinion from CGD’s external legal advisers in Portugal. 
2 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of CGD, CGDBF or the 
Group since 30 June 2024, being the date to which the most recent published accounts were published, and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2023, the date to which the most 
recent published audited annual consolidated financial statements were prepared. 
3 
Save as disclosed in “Litigation and Conduct risks” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus, none 
of the Issuers nor any of its/their subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which any of the Issuers is 
aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent 
past significant effects, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the 
Group. 
4 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
5 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems and 
through Interbolsa for Book Entry Notes. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, the relevant Issuer will make an 
application with respect to each Series of Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A for such Notes to be accepted for 
trading in book entry form by DTC. Acceptance of each Series and the relevant CUSIP number applicable to a 
Series will be confirmed in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
6 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. is 
Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
7 
For so long as Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be obtainable, free of charge, during usual 
business 
hours 
on 
any 
weekday 
(weekends 
and 
public 
holidays 
excepted) 
at 
https://www.cgd.pt/english/investor-relations/debt-issuances/prospectus/pages/emtn-programme.aspx: 
7.1 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons) as amended; 
7.2 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of each Issuer – see: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Institutional/Corporate-Governance/Documents/CGD-Articles-of-
Incorporation.pdf); 
7.3 
the Instrument (which constitutes the Book Entry Notes); 
7.4 
the published annual report and audited consolidated accounts of the CGD Group as at and for the two 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (together with respective audit reports) 
– see: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2022/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2022.pdf    
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2023/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2023.pdf

--- Page 160 ---
160 
7.5 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus; and 
7.6 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange. 
In addition, this Prospectus and the final terms for Notes that are listed on the Official list and admitted to 
trading on the Market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and 
available 
on 
CGD’s 
website 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-
Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/EMTN-Programme.aspx. 
8 
The website of CGD and CGDFB is (https://www.cgd.pt/English/Institutional/Pages/Institutional_v2.aspx). 
The information on this website does not form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
9 
Copies of the latest and future annual reports, annual accounts, including non-consolidated accounts and 
consolidated accounts of CGD and the latest and future unaudited semi-annual interim non-consolidated and 
consolidated accounts of CGD may be obtained once available, and copies of the Trust Deed as amended will 
be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, 
so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. CGDFB do not prepare any publicly available unaudited or audited 
financial statements. All relevant financial information concerning CGDFB is included in the consolidated 
accounts of CGD. 
10 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. (which are members of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory 
Auditors – Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas), registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20161480, with registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6th floor, 1600 – 206, Lisbon, Portugal, have 
audited the consolidated financial statements of CGD for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023. The aforementioned audited financial statements of CGD were prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union. 
11 
Please refer to the complete versions of the auditor’s report included in the annual reports of CGD, together 
with the respective financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The Issuers 
have agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A (d)(4). 
12 
The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) for Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. is TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57. 
13 
The Issuers are companies or banking institutions organised under the laws of Portugal. None of the Directors 
of the Issuers are residents of the United States. All or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuers and such 
persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service 
of process within the United States upon the Issuers or the directors of the Issuers or to enforce against any of 
them in the United States courts judgments obtained in United States courts predicated upon the civil liability 
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
14 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their respective affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or their respective 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and

--- Page 161 ---
161 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
15 
 Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuers are aware and are able to ascertain from the information published by such 
third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used.

--- Page 162 ---
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., 
acting through its France branch 
38 Rue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
FRANCE 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A.  
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Avenida João XXI 
No. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank  
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 163 ---
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Agency & Trust 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT,  
EXCHANGE AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69 Route d’Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUERS 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC S.A. 
Avenida da República, no. 90, 6º 
1600-206 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
as to Portuguese law 
as to English law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, 
Soares Da Silva & Associados 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
 
as to English law and United States law 
as to French law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France