--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. 
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of 
the Portuguese Republic) 
 
Registered Office: Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon 
Share Capital: €1,210,000,000 
Registered with the Lisbon Commercial Registry Office under the sole commercial registration and taxpayer 
number 500 792 615 
 
 
€5,000,000,000 CONDITIONAL PASS-THROUGH COVERED BONDS 
PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “Banco Montepio”) is an 
authorised credit institution, a savings bank (caixa económica bancária), under Portuguese Law, for the purposes of 
Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (the “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”). The Covered Bonds (as defined below) 
will constitute covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Under this €5,000,000,000 conditional pass-through covered bonds programme (the “Programme”), described in 
this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may from time to time issue 
conditional pass-through covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through covered bond issued by the Issuer in the form specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Conditional Pass-Through structure will become relevant after an Issuer Event, upon which the maturity date of 
the affected outstanding Series is extended, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund shall be 
applied on each Interest Payment Date in making the payments in the order of priority set forth in Condition 6.8 
(Pass-through Provision) of the Terms and Conditions, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line, and the Hedging 
Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool Monitor of the Available Funds ahead of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
The circumstances that may or will trigger the Pass-Through mechanism (Issuer Event) are a License Revocation 
Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
See General Description of the Covered Bonds Programme and Final Terms of the Covered Bonds for further 
information to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme was approved by the Issuer on 26 June 2008, in accordance with the Regime Jurídico das Obrigações 
Hipotecárias, approved by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March, and as amended from time to time. Following the 
approval of the amended Programme in Noteholder meetings held on 1 July 2016 and subsequent signature of the 
relevant updated Programme Documents, the Programme became a conditional pass-through programme. In 
compliance with article 7, no. 5, of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer submitted its application to the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the “CMVM”) for

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
the conversion of its existing covered bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds 
programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The CMVM authorised such conversion, and thus 
this Base Prospectus is compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and, as such, all outstanding covered 
bonds of Banco Montepio issued under the Covered Bonds Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
Covered Bonds will be represented in book-entry form (escriturais) with Interbolsa and in registered (nominativas) 
form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the 
Dealers specified under General Description of the Covered Bonds Programme and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds. 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the 
Covered Bonds. 
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CMVM, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CMVM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Application will be made to Euronext 
Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. for the admission of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of managed by Euronext (“Euronext Lisbon”). 
Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months 
from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Lisbon or other regulated market. The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted 
to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer after notification by CMVM to the supervision 
authority of the relevant Member State(s) of the EU in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, with 
a certificate of approval attesting that the prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s and “AA+, Outlook Stable” by Fitch.  
Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered 
Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. Where a 
Series of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Confirmation 
on whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), will be given in the Final Terms. Each of Moody’s and Fitch is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be 
updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating 
agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
The ratings which Moody's and/or Fitch may give to the Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme 
may be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ltd (as applicable), which are established 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA “) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”)'s Financial Services Register, available at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, includes credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Similar to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and updates to the Financial Services Register. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch may also be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, 
the issue price of Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final 
Terms”) which will be delivered to the CMVM and, if admitted to trading, on the relevant regulated market.  
 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden- 
Württemberg 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 July 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus 
following this page, and you are therefore required to read this carefully before reading, accessing or making any 
other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of 
such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL 
SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO 
ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS 
DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN 
A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of the Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the securities, you must not be a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) and must be outside the United States. This Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and 
by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you will be deemed to have represented to us that 
you are not a U.S. Person, that you are outside the United States, the electronic mail address that you have given 
to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions, and that 
you consent to delivery of this Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base Prospectus to any other 
person. 
The materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer 
or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the 
potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the potential offering will be deemed to be made by such 
underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the 
“Issuer”) in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer or invitation to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy nor will there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale 
would be unlawful. Recipients of this Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or purchase the securities are 
reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in the 
final prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the UK in circumstances where 
section 21 (1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none 
of the Dealers, any person who controls any of the Dealers, any director, officer, employee or agent of any of the 
Dealers or any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any 
difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version (if any) 
available to you on request from any of the Dealers.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ............................................................................................................................................. 4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF COVERED 
BONDS GENERALLY ............................................................................................................................................... 7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME ...................................................................... 15 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................................... 65 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ............................................................................................................................. 67 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT .......................................................................................... 71 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................................................................................. 74 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .......................................................................................... 92 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ........................................................................................................... 133 
ISSUER EVENTS ................................................................................................................................................. 144 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS ............................................................... 147 
COVER POOL MONITOR .................................................................................................................................... 148 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK ................................................................................................................................. 151 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................ 157 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH 
MGAM .............................................................................................................................................................. 203 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................ 215 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ......................................................................................................... 216 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................................... 220 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS .......................................................... 229 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................. 237 
DEFINITIONS ..................................................................................................................................................... 241

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE 
OFFER OF COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers, the Arranger or the Common Representative (as defined in “General Description of the Covered Bonds 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive on insurance 
distribution (recast), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4 (1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Covered Bonds in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation no. (EU) 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of 
Regulation (EU) no. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) no. 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance/Professional investors and Eligible Counterparties only target market” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Covered Bonds (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
UK distributor subject to the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the EURIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI), which appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SFA 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Covered Bonds must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S). If TEFRA C is specified 
as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, then the Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base 
Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered 
Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable 
solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be 
the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. The Covered Bonds 
are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, an investment in Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. See “Risk Factors”.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers or any 
person other than the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether 
it:

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, 
including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated;  
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal 
investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered 
Bonds unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in Covered Bonds is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment in 
Covered Bonds may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other investment 
firm in the Banco Montepio Group, an investment in Covered Bonds carries risks which are very different from the 
risk profile of such a deposit. Covered Bonds are expected to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank 
deposits are generally not transferable. However, Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when 
issued, and one may never develop.  
Investments in Covered Bonds do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing measures

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its 
obligations, investors investing in Covered Bonds in a worst-case scenario could lose their entire investment. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s and “AA+, Outlook Stable” by Fitch. 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds may not be the same 
as the rating applicable to the Issuer. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Definitions”), the “Stabilisation Manager(s)” (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” and “euro” 
are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain amounts that appear in 
this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, the figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and amounts expressed as 
percentages may not total 100 per cent. when aggregated. Financial information for the years ended as of 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 contained in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from its respective 
audited consolidated financial statements for 2021 and 2022. Following the signing of the agreement for the sale of 
the participation held by Banco Montepio Group in the share capital of Finibanco Angola, the consolidated financial 
statements reported as at 31 December 2022 consider the financial statements of this subsidiary in accordance with 
IFRS 5, being the assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet in the caption “Non-current assets 
held for sale - discontinued operations” and “Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations”, 
respectively, and in the consolidated income statement, the results generated by Finibanco Angola are included in 
the caption “Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations”. As disclosed in the section “1. Accounting policies - a) Bases 
of presentation” of the Annual Report 2022, the 2021 income statement has been restated and the results of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Finibanco Angola have been presented under the caption “Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations”, for 
comparative purposes. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written forward-
looking statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial statements, in their offering 
circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, directors or 
employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Banco Montepio’s 
beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates 
and projections and such statements reflect Banco Montepio’s judgement at the date of this document and are not 
intended to give any assurances as to future results. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date they are 
made, and Banco Montepio undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or 
future events. Banco Montepio will comply with their obligations to publish updated information as required by law 
or by any regulatory authority but assume no further obligation to publish additional information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or APMs, which are used by management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall 
performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not 
measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. Accordingly, these APMs should not be 
considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations of 
future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by 
other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information calculated 
in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Issuer’s profitability or 
liquidity. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS and must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute 
for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are advised to review these 
APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance that are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on 
Alternative Performance Measures. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Arranger, the Dealers and to Euronext Lisbon that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds, 
notably in light of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors 
and their professional advisers, and would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for 
the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact 
on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer 
and Euronext Lisbon such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and Euronext Lisbon may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
This overview is qualified in its entirety by the rest of this Base Prospectus. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Delegated 
Regulations, notably Article 25 (1) (b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended from time to 
time. 
Subject to the application of the domestic laws of each member state of the EEA in accordance with Article 11 (2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, no civil liability will attach to the persons who have responsibility for this overview in any 
such member state solely on the basis of this overview, including any translation thereof, unless it is misleading, 
inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of this Base Prospectus. Where a claim relating 
to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a member state of the EEA, the 
plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the member state where the claim is brought, be required to bear the 
costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Covered Bonds shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed 
Covered Bonds, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
Capitalised terms used in this description and not otherwise defined below or under Definitions have the respective 
meanings given to those terms elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
DESCRIPTION: 
Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme. 
PROGRAMME SIZE: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, all calculated as described 
under General Description of the Programme) aggregate principal amount (or, in the 
case of Covered Bonds issued at a discount, their aggregate nominal value) of Covered 
Bonds outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
MAXIMUM PERIOD FOR 
WHICH COVERED BONDS 
MAY BE ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME: 
Until 31 December 2033.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
ISSUER: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (see Description of 
the Issuer). 
ISSUER LEGAL ENTITY 
IDENTIFIER (LEI): 
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
AUDITOR: 
The Issuer’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at CMVM with the number 20161485, 
with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd, 1069-316 
Lisbon, represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado (member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under 
number 
1074 
and 
with 
the 
CMVM 
under 
number 
20160686). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
Lda. is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas). PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. has no material interest in the Issuer. 
ARRANGER: 
NatWest Markets N.V., in its capacity as Arranger acting through its office at Claude 
Debussylaan 94, Amsterdam 1082 MD, The Netherlands. 
DEALERS: 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main, J.P. Morgan SE., Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Natixis, NatWest 
Markets N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
COMMON 
REPRESENTATIVE: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, in its capacity as 
representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms 
of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Agent, with head office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-
066 Lisbon.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
PAYING AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Paying Agent, with head office at Rua Castilho, 5, 
1250-066 Lisbon, and any other Paying Agent appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents. 
COVER POOL MONITOR: 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws 
of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20161480, with its registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6th, 1600-206, in 
Lisbon, Portugal. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK: 
Elavon Financial Services DAC, a designated activity company registered in Ireland 
with the Companies Registration Office (registered number 418442), with its 
registered office at Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, 
Ireland, D18 W2X7, acting through its UK Branch (registered number BR020005) from 
its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the 
trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity as bank 
at which the Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 
September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual 
position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting 
through its office in Ireland. See Reserve Account Bank.  
ACCOUNTS BANK: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Accounts Bank, with head office at Rua Castilho, 5, 
1250-066 Lisbon. 
HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES: 
The parties or party (each, a “Hedge Counterparty” and together, the “Hedge 
Counterparties”) that, from time to time will enter into Hedging Contracts with the 
Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
RISK FACTORS: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These are set out under Risk 
Factors and include, inter alia, exposure to adverse changes in the Portuguese and in 
the global economy, the credit risk of borrowers and clients of the Issuer, the risk of 
increased competition in the Portuguese market, risks related to the legal and 
regulatory framework and other market risks to which the Issuer is or may become 
exposed. In addition, there are risk factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the other risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. These are also set out in detail under Risk Factors and include, inter alia,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
the dynamics of the legal and regulatory requirements, the fact that the Covered 
Bonds may not be suitable investments for all investors, the risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds, among others. 
Where Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than the reference 
currency used by the investor, changes in currency exchange rates may have an 
adverse effect on the value, price or income of the Covered Bonds. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement and on a non-
syndicated or syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. Covered Bonds will be issued and 
placed only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. See Subscription and 
Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale and 
Secondary Market Arrangements). 
CURRENCIES: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Covered Bonds may be issued in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
REDENOMINATION: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds not denominated 
in euro on issue may be redenominated in euro. 
RATINGS: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated at least 
by one rating agency which has applied to be registered with ESMA under the CRA 
Regulation. 
A rating addresses the likelihood that the holders of Covered Bonds will receive 
ultimate repayment of principal and interest. 
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable 
to the Issuer or the rating of the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by any of the assigning rating organizations. 
European regulated investors should be aware that in general they are restricted from

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency compliant with the relevant regulations in force in the investor’s home 
jurisdiction, including in the European Union and the UK, which require the 
endorsement of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, as applicable, and such registration not to have been withdrawn or 
suspended. 
LISTING AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING: 
This document dated 20 July 2023 has been approved by the CMVM as a base 
prospectus. Application will be made to Euronext Lisbon for the Covered Bonds issued 
during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon. Covered Bonds may, 
after notification by the CMVM to the supervision authority of the Member State(s) of 
the EU, in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock 
exchange(s) of any other member states of the EEA. 
Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchange(s) and/or regulated market(s). 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds in the United 
States, Japan, the EEA (including Italy) and the UK as set out in Subscription and Sale 
and Secondary Market Arrangements and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds in a 
particular jurisdiction, which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
UNITED STATES SELLING 
RESTRICTION: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, US 
persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the US 
Securities Act. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold only outside 
the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. See 
Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
USE OF PROCEEDS: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
STATUS OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. The Covered 
Bonds will be covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) issued by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, will be secured 
on cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and will rank pari 
passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under covered bonds issued (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, those issued pursuant to and in accordance with Decree-
Law 59/2006, of 20 March) or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, completing 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out in Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS: 
The clearing systems in which Interbolsa participates in order to ensure the clearing of 
the securities settled through it (together the “Clearing Systems” and, each, a 
“Clearing System”). See Form of the Covered Bonds and Settlement. 
FORM OF THE COVERED 
BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be in book-entry form and in registered 
(nominativas) form and thus title to such Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the 
applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. See Form of the Covered Bonds and 
Settlement. 
TRANSFER OF COVERED 
BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the provisions of Interbolsa 
and the Portuguese legislation. The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not 
restricted. 
MATURITIES: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. See 
also Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
ISSUE PRICE: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
INSOLVENCY EVENT: 
License Revocation Event or any other winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under 
any applicable laws and regulations. See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE: 
None. 
CROSS DEFAULT: 
None. 
GUARANTOR: 
None. 
FIXED RATE COVERED 
BONDS: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
FLOATING RATE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by ISDA) or 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by ISDA), as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series); or 
• 
on the basis of a Reference Rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service; or 
• 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread may be used 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
REDEMPTION: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will specify 
either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity, save as provided for in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable – see The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds), or (ii) 
that the relevant Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the holder of Covered Bonds upon giving notice to the holder of Covered Bonds or the 
Issuer, respectively on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered Bonds 
may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
EXTENDED MATURITY 
DATE: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to each 
Series of the Covered Bonds and shall correspond to at least one year after the 
applicable Maturity Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may not select an 
Extended Maturity Date in the applicable Final Terms that would entail that such Series 
of Covered Bonds would benefit from an earlier Extended Maturity Date vis-à-vis 
another Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the maturity of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date if either (i) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer fails to 
repay such Series in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or 
if interest due under that Series has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on 
the following five Business Days or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit 
institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority, and in each case 
notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given to the CMVM, all 
as further described in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar days of receiving such notice, 
CMVM objects to such extension of maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease 
to apply and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the applicable 
Maturity Date or (if the date such objection is received by the Issuer from CMVM is 
after the applicable Maturity Date) the Extension Cessation Date. In the absence of any 
decision by CMVM to oppose such extension within 10 calendar days from the date the 
Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension to the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date will continue to apply.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
In respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the 
Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking between 
any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity 
schedule of Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. 
PASS-THROUGH 
COVERED BONDS 
Upon an Issuer Event (as defined in Condition 6.7(C)) occurring, the maturity of all 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme is deferred until the 
Extended Maturity Date, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund 
shall be applied on each Interest Payment Date in making the payments in the order of 
priority as set on Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) of the Terms and Conditions, 
on a pro rata basis in the same priority line. 
PASS-THROUGH 
REDEMPTION 
UNDERTAKINGS: 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered Bonds that 
have been extended to their Extended Maturity Date to such date, the Issuer and/or 
the Special Administrator shall use and employ its best efforts to sell an amount 
sufficient to redeem, in whole or in part, all outstanding Covered Bonds that have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth Interest Payment 
Date following an Issuer Event, the assets comprised in the Cover Pool along 
commercial acceptable terms, provided that such sale and subsequent redemption of 
the respective Covered Bonds will not result in a breach of the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage, outlined in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation), on and between any 
Interest Payment Dates. Failure by the Issuer and/or any entity managing the Cover 
Pool to sell or refinance the assets comprised in the Cover Pool will not constitute an 
event of default. Moreover, provided that (if required) relevant procedures are put in 
place (including Chinese walls and appropriate disclosures) to properly manage any 
potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of information, the Issuer may 
participate as purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined above. The disposals 
of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf 
as part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS: 
Following any Covered Bonds becoming Pass-Through, the available funds shall be 
applied on each payment date in the following order of priority: 
1. Expenses, Common Representative’s fees and expenses and any hedging payments; 
2. Interest due;

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
3. Replenish Reserve Amount up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
4. Principal due to the extent that the Issuer or the Special Administrator will not 
breach the Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
5. Remaining amounts to be retained as part of the Cover Pool until all series of 
Covered Bonds have been repaid in full, should there be any excess cash; and 
6. Any remainder to the Issuer. 
COVERED BONDS WITH 
A REPURCHASE 
COMMITMENT: 
If a Repurchase Commitment is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a particular 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to 
repurchase such Series of Covered Bonds on the Repurchase Date at par plus accrued 
interest (or any other repurchase amount as specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms for such Series of Covered Bonds), if so 
requested by the holders of such Series of Covered Bonds and subject to such Series of 
Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to 10 Business Days after the Maturity Date. 
This undertaking does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and, accordingly, non-compliance by the Issuer with such undertaking will not 
constitute an event of default under such Terms and Conditions. See “Repurchase 
Commitment”.  
DENOMINATION OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with the applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements and provided that each Series will have Covered Bonds of one 
denomination only. See Certain Restrictions above. 
MINIMUM 
DENOMINATION: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in 
denomination per unit not lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency, all calculated as described under General Description of the Programme) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Covered Bonds will not be distributed 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in which case lower 
denominations per unit may apply. 
BENCHMARK  
DISCONTINUATION: 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread may be used 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
RESERVE ACCOUNT: 
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the benefit of a 
Reserve Account held by the Issuer with the Reserve Account Bank in respect of the 
Programme and the Reserve Account and any balances standing to the credit thereof 
will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal regime as any Primary 
Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The 
Issuer shall ensure that the legal requirements as required by the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds for the Reserve Account to qualify as an eligible asset of the Cover Pool 
are met at all times. The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times in the Reserve 
Account funds in an amount equal to or in excess of the Total Target Reserve Amount. 
As long as the funds in the Reserve Account equal or exceed the Total Target Reserve 
Amount, the Issuer will not be required to transfer any additional amounts to the 
Reserve Account. If the amounts standing in the Reserve Account exceed the Total 
Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer may, in case no Issuer Event has occurred, release 
the excess amounts, without prejudice to the obligation of compliance with the 
maintenance of the Overcollateralisation Percentage. Upon (i) the occurrence of a 
License Revocation Event, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall 
no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant 
funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to 
Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day following the extension to 
the Covered Bonds to their respective Extended Maturity Date following the 
occurrence of such License Revocation Event, subject to Condition 6.7(C); (ii) a Series 
not having been repaid in full on its Maturity Date, the Issuer or the Special 
Administrator (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the 
Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be 
made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) on the 
Business Day following the extension of the relevant Covered Bonds to their respective 
Extended Maturity Date following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment 
Event, subject to Condition 6.7(C); (iii) interest due under a Series not having been paid 
in full on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if 
applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank 
for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and 
applied pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day 
following the extension of the relevant Covered Bonds to their respective Extended 
Maturity Date following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event, 
subject to Condition 6.7(C).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if none of (i), (ii) or (iii) of the last paragraph have 
occurred but funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account are necessary, as 
determined by the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable), for the payment 
on an Interest Payment Date of any Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments, interest or 
principal (if applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purpose on the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date) due on the Covered Bonds, the Issuer or the Special 
Administrator (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the 
Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be 
made available and applied as needed. 
The funds available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount shall 
be monitored by the Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor 
identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target 
Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to 
the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement. 
Funds held in the Reserve Account, given their nature of Cover Pool assets, are 
available to meet amounts due in relation to the Covered Bonds and shall not be 
applied towards a partial principal redemption of the Covered Bonds prior to their 
Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) and 6.8 (Pass-through Provision). See Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds. 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the credit of 
the Reserve Account will be paid to the Issuer. 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by other instruments or 
arrangements that qualify as Liquidity Buffer comprised by Liquidity Assets to cover 
the Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 days. This replacement will 
be subject to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: 
(i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such replacement would not result 
in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit 
ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating 
Agencies that it does not have any comments to said replacement; or (iii) a written 
communication by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said 
replacement, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after 
each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written 
communication from the Rating Agencies. 
TAXATION OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without deduction for, or 
on account of, withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction, unless the Issuer shall 
be obliged by law to make such deduction or withholding. The Issuer will not be obliged 
to make any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. See Taxation. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the 
Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax certifications as required by 
applicable law from time to time. 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds introduced into Portuguese Law a framework for 
the issuance of certain types of asset covered bonds. Asset covered bonds can only be 
issued by credit institutions licensed under the RGICSF. The Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds establishes that issuers of covered bonds shall maintain a cover assets pool, 
comprised of mortgage credit assets and limited classes of other assets, over which the 
holders of the relevant covered bonds, have a statutory special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial). 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds also provides for (i) the inclusion of certain hedging 
contracts in the relevant cover pool and (ii) certain special rules that shall apply in the 
event of insolvency of the Issuer. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds further provide 
for (i) the supervision and regulation of issuers of covered bonds by the CMVM, (ii) the 
role of a cover pool monitor in respect of each issuer of covered bonds and the relevant 
cover pool maintained by it, (iii) the role of the common representative of the holders 
of covered bonds, (iv) restrictions on the types and status of the assets comprised in a 
cover pool (including loan to value restrictions, weighted average interest receivables 
and weighted average maturity restrictions), (v) asset/liability management between 
the cover pool and the covered bonds, and (vi) automatic extendable maturity 
structure for covered bonds, see Characteristics of the Cover Pool, Issuer Events, Cover 
Pool Monitor, Common Representative of the Holders of Covered Bonds and The Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer will qualify as covered bonds for the purposes 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds will be senior obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank equally with all other Covered Bonds issued (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, those issued pursuant to and in accordance with Decree-Law 
59/2006, of 20 March), or which may be issued by the Issuer. In the event of an

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
insolvency of the Issuer, the holders of the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer, 
together with the Other Preferred Creditors, will have recourse under the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds to the Cover Pool in priority to other creditors (whether secured or 
unsecured) of the Issuer who are not preferred creditors under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Insolvency of the Issuer. 
GOVERNING LAW: 
Except for the Hedging Contracts, which are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, English Law, unless otherwise specifically provided, the Covered 
Bonds and all other documentation relating to the Programme are governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in financial instruments, including securities, involves risk. Before making any investment decision, a 
prospective investor must take into consideration all the information described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
particular, the risks mentioned herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should carefully read and consider all the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any investment decision. The Issuer 
believes that the factors described below identify the risks that are considered more relevant prior to the issuance of 
the Covered Bonds, based on the probability of their occurrence and on the expected extent of their negative impact, 
should they occur. Although these are the specific risks which are considered to be more significant and capable of 
affecting the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds, they may not be the only risks 
to which the Issuer is exposed, and the Issuer may be unable to make payments on or in connection with any Covered 
Bonds for other reasons or for the identified risks having materialised differently.  
The Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are 
exhaustive. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer based on information currently 
available or which the Issuer currently considers immaterial may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
make payments on or in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
incorporated by reference herein and make their own assessments prior to making any investment decision. 
In particular, potential holders of Covered Bonds are alerted to the statements under “Taxation” regarding the tax 
treatment in Portugal of income in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors must seek their own advice 
to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Covered 
Bonds. 
Words and expressions defined in the Definitions section shall have the same meaning in this section. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that, as far as the Issuer is aware, it has 
accurately reproduced such information. The Issuer accepts responsibility to the extent that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer calculates its market 
share data using official sources of information, governmental or otherwise (as applicable).  
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer and that 
may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Covered Bonds. The risk factors have been

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
organised into the following categories and sub-categories: 
- 
Risk factors related to the Issuer 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária); 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business; 
- 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
- 
Risk factors specific to the Covered Bonds; and 
- 
Risk factors specific to the Cover Pool. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer has 
assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category of risk is more 
material than any other category.  
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
Legal framework of the Issuer 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated (caixa 
económica anexa) to MGAM into a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public 
limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of the Banco de Portugal. The nature of the 
Issuer as a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can hold the majority 
of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and charitable 
institutions. This legal limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its capital 
requirements and a failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s condition, 
the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations.  
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM in 1844, as an affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of MGAM, to 
support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e., a mutual benefits 
association) whose principal purposes are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social 
protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. 
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution (instituição titular), as per 
the Savings Banks Act) of Banco Montepio with 99.99 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s share capital (€2,420 million as 
of 31 December 2022 and €1,210 million as of the date of the Base Prospectus), pursuant to Article 6 (2) of the 
Savings Banks Act.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
If MGAM is not able to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders in Banco Montepio’s 
capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations. 
Moreover, MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members’ savings 
plans (modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of financial and non-financial 
assets, including different types of securities and equity participations (including its interest in Banco Montepio) and 
real estate. Among these investments, and as of 31 December 2022, MGAM held €201.1 million of debt securities 
issued and other subordinated debt issued by Banco Montepio, which represents approximately 1.1 per cent. of 
Banco Montepio’s total liabilities.  
If MGAM’s performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide additional 
share capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco Montepio’s ability to 
meet its capital requirements and the cost of its funding, which may in turn have an impact on its prospective 
financial performance and condition. 
A deterioration in investor confidence in MGAM as a result of a disposal of any shares or voting rights in the Issuer 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Being a full-service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the majority of the 
capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and charitable 
institutions. 
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio’s shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity as Banco 
Montepio’s owner institution (instituição titular).  
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders as a sign 
of MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material adverse effect on 
investor confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Changes to the financial regime and regulation applicable to MGAM may impact its ability to provide share capital 
to the Issuer and its relationship with the Issuer 
MGAM is currently supervised (sob tutela) by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and Social Security 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações 
Mutualistas). 
Following the amendments to the Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas), enacted by 
Decree-Law 59/2018, of 2 August, as amended by Decree-Law 37/2019, of 15 March, MGAM became subject to a 
special supervisory regime and, as a result, it is subject to certain provisions of the RJASR and the financial supervision 
of the ASF.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
A 12-year transitional period for adaptation to the specific supervisory regime was initiated on 27 November 2018, 
during which the relevant mutual associations (including MGAM) must take the necessary steps with a view to 
ensuring a gradual adaptation to the new regulatory framework. Only at the end of that transitional period, and 
provided that the legal requirements for that purpose are met, will the relevant mutual associations become fully 
subject to the specific financial supervision regime, subject to the RJASR. 
During this transitional period and without prejudice to the powers of the member of the Government responsible 
for the area of Social Security, the ASF has powers to monitor the actions and diligences adopted by the relevant 
mutual associations with a view to progressively adapting to the new regulatory and supervisory framework. 
Only at the end of the 12-year transitional period for the adaptation of mutual associations to the RJASR will the ASF 
have full supervisory powers. Until then, the member of Government responsible for the social security area will be 
responsible for the effective supervision of MGAM. 
The ASF is responsible for assessing whether the mutual associations covered by the transitional period comply with 
the acts necessary for the gradual adaptation of these institutions to the future regulatory framework, and it is up to 
the competent social security department to determine the application of the measures provided for by law in the 
event of non-compliance. New rules that restrict MGAM from providing additional share capital to the Issuer may be 
introduced. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict other rules which the authorities may introduce and the effects 
such rules may have on MGAM’s organisation and performance and, in particular, its relationship with the Issuer. 
Please refer to the section “Legal framework of the Issuer” for a description of the possible consequences arising 
from Banco Montepio being a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business 
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are 
macroeconomic risk, exchange rate risk, credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control 
these risks may result in a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio’s financial condition and results of operations 
or prospects.  
Risks arising from the changes in the Portuguese economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-economic 
context 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by the volume 
and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international 
economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a material effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in Portugal’s international economic 
performance and/or uncertainty regarding the implementation of political measures may also have a material effect 
on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, and the 
premature withdrawal of economic stimuli (both on the monetary and fiscal field) and/or the de-anchoring of long-
term inflation expectations pose additional challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the 
Portuguese economy.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, having a 
negative impact, namely, on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme; and (ii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on the business of the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking and 
financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by the evolution 
of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of borrowing are heavily 
dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the Portuguese economy and market 
interest rates.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, which may be adversely affected in its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic 
conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and the 
financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and services that 
the Issuer has to offer. 
The Banco de Portugal projects that the Portuguese economy will grow by 2.7 per cent. in 2023, and 2.4 per cent. in 
2024 and 2.3 per cent. in 2025, after the increase of 6.7 per cent. registered in 2022. The negative effects of the 
Russian military aggression against Ukraine have intensified throughout 2022, implying a relative destabilization of 
economic activity from the second quarter of 2022 onwards. Since the end of 2022, energy costs have been falling, 
contributing to an improvement in the terms-of-trade of the economy and a reduction in external pressures on 
consumer prices. According to the Banco de Portugal, GDP growth is expected to increase in the course of 2023 and 
inflation is expected to decline from 5.2 per cent. in 2023 to 3.3 per cent. in 2024 and to 2.1 per cent. in 2025. In 
2024–2025, the unwinding of supply bottlenecks, lower uncertainty, the recovery in real household income and the 
inflow of European funds are expected to contribute to the acceleration of GDP, partly hindered by tighter financial 
conditions. The deceleration in external prices is expected to pass through to consumer prices across the board, 
leading to a decline in inflation in 2024 and 2025. (Source: Banco de Portugal, Economic Bulletin, June 2023). 
Over the last couple of years, the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak has had a severe impact on the global economy 
which was acutely felt in Portugal, seeing as it was already facing internal challenges linked to the continuing weak 
situation of the Portuguese banking system and the lack of availability of credit.  
The external and financial environment has deteriorated due to higher inflation and interest rates, with adverse 
effects on real disposable income. These effects have been mitigated in 2022 by the strong performance of the labour

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
market — reflected in buoyant employment and nominal wages as well as an increase in the participation rate to 
historically high levels. The resilience of private consumption also stems from households channelling part of the 
savings accumulated during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis into expenditure and from the support measures 
introduced. In contrast, investment is expected to grow only slightly, against a background of heightened uncertainty, 
supply constraints and higher financing costs. Exports, led by the services component, continue to recover 
significantly, albeit decelerating in quarter-on-quarter terms.  
According to the ECB, the Euro area economic activity slightly declined at the turn of the year, but has remained 
relatively resilient to the large negative supply shocks that have been hitting the economy. The economy is expected 
to return to growth in the coming quarters as energy prices moderate, foreign demand strengthens and supply 
bottlenecks are resolved, allowing firms to continue to work through their significant order backlogs, and as 
uncertainty – including that related to the recent banking sector stress – continues to recede. Overall, annual average 
real GDP growth is expected to slow down to 0.9 per cent. in 2023 (from 3.5 per cent. in 2022), before rebounding 
to 1.5 per cent. in 2024 and 1.6 per cent. in 2025. In addition, with energy inflation set to become increasingly 
negative throughout 2023 and food inflation moderating sharply, headline inflation is expected to continue its decline 
to stand at around 3 per cent. in the last quarter of the year. Wage growth is expected to remain over double its 
historical average for most of the projection horizon, driven by inflation compensation and the tight labour market, 
as well as increases in minimum wages. Nevertheless, profit margins, which expanded notably in 2022, are expected 
to act as a buffer against some of the pass-through of these costs in the medium term. In addition, monetary policy 
should further dampen underlying inflation in the coming years. Overall, headline inflation is expected to decrease 
from 8.4 per cent. in 2022 to an average of 5.4 per cent. in 2023, 3.0 per cent. in 2024 and 2.2 per cent. in 2025 
(Source: ECB, staff macroeconomic projections for the euro area, June 2023).  
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer spending, 
changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, government 
spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events and trends, war, 
terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as COVID-19) all impact the 
economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by increasing the sovereign debt of certain 
countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, results and financial condition and its ability to access capital and liquidity on acceptable 
financial terms. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global economy, with a 
corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition and a negative 
development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Risks arising from the recent and ongoing developments between Russia and Ukraine may have a corresponding 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Rising commodity prices, sweeping financial sanctions and the ban on energy imports from Russia following its 
invasion of Ukraine are threatening to hobble the global economy after the damage already inflicted by COVID-19 
pandemic, with severe impacts on any subsequent trade barriers, exchange controls or financial market restrictions 
and macroeconomic effects, including supply disruptions, pushing up prices for Europe’s export-focused 
manufacturing companies. In addition, sanctions on Russian businesses, decision of several companies to sever ties 
with Russia and the deep recession in the country have severely reduced eurozone exports to Russia. 
The consequences of the invasion of Ukraine have direct and indirect implications on the banking system. At a high-
level, the direct effects include the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to these geographies or to others 
interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which will also increase operational risk. 
In relation to the Banco Montepio Group more specifically, the potential direct impact of the war, in terms of credit 
exposure to Ukraine and Russia is not significant, such exposure in relation to individuals with residence in either of 
the two countries amount to around €589 thousand as of 31 December 2022 (€47 thousand as of 31 December 
2021). Although the credit exposure directly impacted by the conflict is not significant, there are sectors of activity 
that are more exposed to the indirect impact of the war, namely through the marked increases in energy and 
commodity prices, as well as the disruptions in various supply chains. The Banco Montepio Group carried out an 
analysis which allowed the identification of the sectors of activity where it expects the indirect impact of the war to 
be more significant. The customers’ exposure in the identified sectors of activity amounted to €3,798 million). 
The war has weighed on household spending through higher prices and greater uncertainty. Although difficult to 
predict as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the tensions caused by Russia’s invasion and any further escalation of 
this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation globally, and further disrupt 
supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a direct impact on the global economy and 
financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased inflation, problems related to the massive inflow of 
Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets and 
the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios. The uncertainty caused by these and other events and trends has resulted 
in, and may continue to result in, increased volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic 
capacity of the Issuer’s counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses 
experienced by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
With regards to the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an adverse impact on the Banco 
Montepio Group's income statement due to lower activity resulting from increased uncertainty and higher credit 
risk, with potential consequences on impairment.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of its customers and counterparties 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers and counterparties, as well as to concentration risk in its 
credit exposure. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts due from 
borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses.  
The Issuer has credit exposure to certain groups of clients. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer's top 10 client group 
credit exposures represented 5.6 per cent. of the Issuer’s total credit exposure (which includes the Gross loans and 
advances to customers in the aggregate amount of €12,068 million, the guarantees and sureties provided in the 
aggregate amount of €462 million and the irrevocable credit facilities amounting to €721 million). 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on credit risk concentration. An exposure is classified as a large exposure 
when the liabilities of a counterparty (or such counterparty's group) represent 10 per cent. or more of Banco 
Montepio’s tier 1 capital. As of 31 December 2022, none of Banco Montepio’s exposures exceeded such level. The 
total exposure of Banco Montepio to a counterparty (or such counterparty's group) cannot exceed 25 per cent. of 
Banco Montepio’s tier 1 capital. As of 31 December 2022, none of Banco Montepio’s exposures exceeded such level. 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on credit to qualified shareholders. The total exposure of Banco Montepio 
to a qualified shareholder cannot exceed 10 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s own funds and the global value of 
exposures to qualified shareholders cannot be greater than 30 per cent. of such own funds. As of 31 December 2022, 
Banco Montepio did not have any exposure to a qualified shareholder exceeding such limit. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in 
Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could affect recovery 
and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s provision for credit 
impairment and other related provisions, which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and 
capital position of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group and on the results of the Issuer and/or the Banco 
Montepio Group’s operations. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. Deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or 
obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to rehypothecate or otherwise 
use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on 
collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the 
valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses 
could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business and results. 
As of 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio’s total credit risk exposure was €18,271 million (€17,188 million as of 31 
December 2021). Its balance of NPEs amounted to €631 million as of 31 December 2022 (€951 million (restated) as 
of 31 December 2021), representing 5.2 per cent. (7.8 per cent. (restated) as of 31 December 2021) of the Issuer’s 
gross loans and advances to customers.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
An increase in NPEs would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality metrics and adversely impact the 
Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPEs. 
The Issuer’s activity is subject to market risk 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes in market 
interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments which comprise that 
asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets. 
The Issuer’s net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted by market risks. It is difficult 
to accurately predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effect that such changes could 
have on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity price 
risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin between lending 
and borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The performance of financial markets may cause 
changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment and trading portfolios. 
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, assets and liabilities’ sensitivity to interest rate changes are aggregated 
by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest rate mismatch is 
calculated. Based on the financial characteristics of each contract, a projection of the expected cash flows is made, 
according to the rate reset dates and eventual behavioural assumptions. The aggregation, for each currency analysed, 
of the expected cash flows in each of the time intervals allows one to determine the interest rate gaps by repricing 
period. As of 31 December 2022, the interest rate gap was €7,327 million, compared to €3,836 million as of 31 
December 2021.  
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies through active 
money markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing exchange rate gaps are 
essentially due to possible mismatches between the periods of application of funds and of the resources. 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on equity participations in relation to own funds. Direct and indirect 
participating interests held by Banco Montepio in the share capital of entities not subject to Banco de Portugal's 
supervision cannot exceed 15 per cent. (individually) and 60 per cent. (in aggregate) of Banco Montepio's own funds. 
Participating interests and non-participating interests are, for the purposes of Banco de Portugal's regulations, 
distinguished essentially by determining the period of time over which the interest is to be held or is intended to be 
held. An interest will be defined as “participating” if there is a sufficient degree of permanence in such holding. As 
of 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, directly or indirectly, in the share 
capital of any such entities which exceeded such limits.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on participating interests in relation to the share capital of certain 
companies. The direct and indirect participating interests to be held for three years or more by Banco Montepio in 
non- financial entities are limited to 25 per cent. of the voting rights in the share capital of such non-financial entities. 
As of 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, directly or indirectly, exceeding 
such limit. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, results and on 
the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value of the assets that 
comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund deteriorates, the Issuer 
may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and this may consequently have a negative impact on 
the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business activity.  
The most relevant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt. 
Please refer to the risk factor headed “Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk” for additional information. 
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates which may have an impact on loan growth and on the net interest 
income 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies implemented by 
the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Overall, Central banks' interest rate 
cuts could lead to a compression of net interest margin and significant drops in interest rates can be expected to 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income, with a low interest rate environment making it more 
difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could lead to certain borrowers becoming unable 
to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 because of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate the removal of 
monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate markets and in financial markets 
globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective of a sharp increase in interest rates has generated fears of 
deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s ability to 
originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its customers. 
After almost 7 years of negative Euribor rates, on 21 July 2022 the ECB decided to raise euro area interest rates by 
50 basis points, i.e. 0.5 percentage points, in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the eurozone. 
However, Euribor rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-month rate turned positive 
in April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in June and mid-July 2022, respectively. 
On 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to further raise euro area interest rates by 75 basis 
points in each meeting, totalling a 150 basis points increase. Recently, on 15 December 2022, 2 February 2023 and

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
16 March 2023, the ECB decided to again raise the euro area interest rates by 50 basis points in each meeting, having 
increased 25 basis points more on 4 May 2023 and in the last meeting on 15 June 2023, totalling a 400 basis points 
aggregated increase since July 2022. The ECB is expected to further raise interest rates since inflation remains high. 
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or net interest 
income. As of 31 December 2022, an increase in interest rates by 1 percentage point would have led to an increase 
in the expected economic value of the bank portfolio of approximately €44.2 million, compared with a reduction of 
€88.2 million as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 2022, a decrease in interest rates by 1 percentage point 
would have led to a decrease in the expected economic value of the bank portfolio of approximately €91 million, 
compared with an increase of €112 million as of 31 December 2021. 
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in response to 
changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a result of economic or 
other reasons, the Issuer's interest income margins would be adversely affected, which may in turn negatively affect 
its business, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, and it may not be able to increase 
or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer was the seventh largest bank in Portugal on the basis of total net assets (source: 
Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). The Issuer has been able to sustain its position in the market and to preserve its 
market share in banking activity, with an overall market share (deposits and loans) of 5.1 per cent. as of 31 December 
2022 (source: Banco de Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). Furthermore, as of 31 
December 2022, the Issuer had a market share of 5.4 per cent. in mortgage loans and 5.5 per cent. in loans to non-
financial corporations (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). As of 31 
December 2022, the Issuer’s market share in total deposits was 5.1 per cent., reaching 5.3 per cent. in the household 
deposits segment (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). The Issuer 
considers that its primary competitive advantage is its differentiated customer service, as it is majority owned by a 
mutual benefits association, its product offering including private pension schemes provided by MGAM and its 
reputation as a stable and ancient financial institution. The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, that uses 
new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, and which have a noticeable regulatory burden, and it may not 
be able to increase or maintain its market share due to a decline in its competitive position when challenged by more 
efficient competitors, which would adversely affect its results.  
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB for funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the Issuer’s inability to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity without significant 
losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or from the sale of its assets for a 
value below market values (market liquidity risk).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in particular 
deposits, as well as the maintenance of high-quality liquid assets, which comply with the ECB’s eligibility criteria. 
The ECB makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including pledging eligible 
collateral. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a €5,931 million portfolio of assets eligible for Eurosystem 
monetary policy operations, of which €3,376 million were encumbered (€2,999 million related to ECB funding and 
the remaining €376 million to other funding sources). The total funding obtained by the Issuer from the ECB 
amounted to €2,890 million at the end of December 2022, corresponding entirely to funds raised under the TLTRO. 
Although the monetary policy followed by the ECB in past years has contributed to improving the liquidity conditions 
of European banks (namely (i) the interest rate reduction on the TLTRO III; (ii) improved financing and liquidity 
packages; and (iii) the package of collateral easing measures to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic), the ECB is starting 
to remove the monetary stimulus given the rise in inflation. This will require the Issuer to find alternative funding 
sources, some of which may be more costly or may not be available at all, or to dispose of assets at a potentially 
significant discount in relation to their respective book values, with a corresponding negative impact on the Issuer’s 
capital position and results of operations. Additionally, any sudden change could also have a material effect on the 
financial markets and the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, including its public debt portfolio. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could 
have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
Litigation and conduct risks  
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings. 
These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, 
ethical issues, and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds strategic investments or joint venture 
partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the amount of damages asserted against 
Banco Montepio, or subject Banco Montepio to regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Banco 
Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, in particular: 
(i) 
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority (Autoridade 
da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and 
other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive 
commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty 
on the Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million; and  
(ii) 
the Banco de Portugal has instituted various administrative proceedings against Banco Montepio for alleged 
breaches of regulatory requirements. The Banco de Portugal has issued summary decisions against Banco 
Montepio in some of these proceedings, whereas others are in a preliminary phase. Where defendants have 
not provided evidence to support their claims, it is difficult to assess the risk of a finding against Banco

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Montepio. The Issuer has assessed an aggregate level of potential fines in respect of these proceedings to be 
approximately €1.6 million. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above-described 
proceedings. For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see “General Information – Legal and 
arbitration proceedings”. Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings 
or an unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely impact on Banco Montepio's business, 
reputation, and operating results. 
The Issuer’s activity is subject to reputational risk 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts resulting 
from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, suppliers, analysts, 
employees, investors, media, and any other bodies with which the Issuer may be related, or even public opinion in 
general.  
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects. 
Risks related to Banco Montepio’s International Activity  
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola and Banco 
MG Cabo Verde (the latter until 30 September 2022, when the process of dissolution and voluntary liquidation was 
completed), and through the representative offices.  
On 4 October 2022, Montepio Holding agreed the sale of its stake in the share capital of Finibanco Angola to Access 
Bank Plc, a Nigerian commercial bank, and on 30 June 2023 it was completed the sale of a stake representing 51 per 
cent. of its share capital and its voting rights. In accordance with the international accounting standards, the sale of 
the 51 per cent. stake implies the loss of control over the subsidiary, leading to the total deconsolidation of the 
participation held on FNBA in the consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2023. Banco Montepio Group 
maintains a participation of 29.2 per cent. of its share capital, whose sale process is being completed as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, subject on the approval of the supervisory and regulatory entities, and is expected to be 
settled during the second half of 2023. 
The Issuer believes its operation in Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse political, 
governmental or economic developments in Angola.  
In addition, the Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. These 
regulations are often complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of applicable 
regulations may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of licences to operate. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, business, and its operating 
results.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Risks related to the credit ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating 
should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are 
an important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer had been assigned: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of “B+” with positive outlook and Short-Term Issuer 
Default Rating of “B” by Fitch; Baseline Credit Assessment of “b1” by Moody’s; and Long-Term Issuer Rating of “B 
(high)” with stable trend and Short-Term Issuer Rating of “R-4” with stable trend by DBRS. The ratings assigned to 
the Issuer by Fitch indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains, that financial 
commitments are currently being met, however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in 
the business and economic environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's indicates that the Issuer is 
judged to be speculative and is subject to high credit risk absent any possibility of extraordinary support from an 
affiliate or a government. The rating assigned to the Issuer by DBRS indicates that the Issuer is of speculative credit 
quality and there is a level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. A downgrade of the Issuer's 
credit ratings, or the Issuer being placed on a negative rating watch, may increase its cost of borrowing and have a 
material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its ability to 
raise funding or capital. Moreover, actual, or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or the credit ratings 
of the Covered Bonds (if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Covered Bonds. In addition, ratings 
assigned to the Covered Bonds (if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the 
value of the Covered Bonds.  
Information on the ratings assigned to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the preceding 
paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer’s rating, is available on CMVM’s website (www.cmvm.pt) and on 
the Issuer’s website (https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/ratings). 
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating agency 
methodologies relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the perception by ratings 
agencies of the Issuer's rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the Issuer's 
current ratings or outlooks or those of Portugal. 
Furthermore, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as pandemics) or 
the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A downgrade in the Issuer's 
credit ratings would increase its costs of funding and could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the 
Banco Montepio Group's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations, or prospects.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk 
The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that Portugal may fail to meet its fiscal 
targets, combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth potential of the domestic economy, may result 
in an increase in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese public debt securities in secondary debt markets and 
restrict access of the Portuguese Republic to primary debt markets. Such risk could be exacerbated by reduced 
confidence in international financial markets or be triggered by weak performance in the domestic economy or 
adverse developments in the local political environment. 
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the Issuer’s 
liquidity position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer’s pool of assets eligible for 
discount at the ECB, in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer’s capacity to increase its loan and asset 
portfolio. This could have a negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and operating results of the 
Issuer. This scenario could be further aggravated by persistent volatility in the financial sector and capital markets or 
by financial difficulties, including the possible default of one or more financial institutions or sovereigns, which could 
lead to significant liquidity problems in the market in general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions.  
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and other markets. 
The most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to sovereign debt, namely Italian followed by Spanish and 
Portuguese, as comprised in its own securities portfolio. As of 31 December 2022, the exposure of the Issuer to 
foreign sovereign debt was €3,078 million, with €40.1 million in the FVOCI portfolio and €3,038 million in other 
financial assets at amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by foreign public entities). As of 31 December 2022, the 
exposure of the Issuer to Portuguese sovereign debt was €1,100 million, with €18.4 million in FVOCI portfolio and 
€1,081 million in other financial assets at amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by domestic public entities). These 
positions could be adversely affected by volatility in relevant sovereign debt, creating a risk of substantial losses. 
As of 31 December 2022, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds amounted to -€1 
million compared to +€15.9 million as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 2022, there were no net capital 
gains obtained on the sale of foreign sovereign bonds compared to +€0.9 million as of 31 December 2021. There is a 
risk that the Issuer may not receive these capital gains in the future or even that losses may be recognised in the 
future if market appetite for Portuguese securities turns subdued compared to other peripheral economies. 
The Issuer is exposed to the depreciation of real estate assets  
The Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its exposure through mortgage 
loans, representing around 46 per cent. of the Issuer’s gross loans and advances to customers at the end of December 
2022 (compared with 47 per cent. at the end of December 2021), loans granted to companies in the Construction 
and Real Estate activities representing around 8 per cent. of the Issuer’s gross loans and advances to customers at 
the end of December 2022 (compared with 9 per cent. at the end of December 2021), assets obtained in lieu of 
payment (disclosed as “Non-current Assets Held for Sale” and “Other assets” in its balance sheet), properties

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
securing loans or related to its operations, funding of real estate development projects and through the exposure to 
real estate funds which are majority owned by the Issuer (disclosed in the Issuer’s balance sheet as “Investment 
Properties”), as well as real estate fund units (unidades de participação) held in its own portfolio. The total value of 
Investment Properties (propriedades de investimento) held by the Issuer as of 31 December 2022 amounted to €72.7 
million (€102.9 million as of 31 December 2021) being comprised of real estate properties held by various funds 
which are consolidated into the results of the Banco Montepio Group and properties held by SSAGIncentive – 
Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. 
The Issuer’s Assets received in recovery of credit (including Impairment of assets received in recovery of credit) 
amounted to €324 million as at 31 December 2022 (€465 million as at 31 December 2021) and included buildings 
and other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) delivery of the assets, with 
option to repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the contract or the promise to deliver the asset 
and the respective irrevocable power of attorney issued by the customer in the name of the Issuer; or (ii) the 
adjudication of the assets as a result of a judicial process of guarantees execution, accounted with the title of 
adjudication or following the adjudication request after the record of the first (payment pro solvendo). According to 
the Issuer’s expectation, these assets are expected to be sold in a period of less than one year and the Issuer has a 
strategy for its sale. Nevertheless, given prevailing market conditions, and although those assets are intended to be 
sold as soon as possible, in some situations the Issuer's expectations may not be fulfilled.  
The participation units (unidades de participação) of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer’s variable-income 
securities – investment units amounted to €58.3 million as of 31 December 2022 (€111.3 million as of 31 December 
2021). 
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature of the 
Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from current levels. 
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events, and a general slowdown in 
global economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, a downward adjustment 
in prices. In addition, events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires, war and/or military 
conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as pandemics) or the fear of such crises in a particular region may weaken 
economic conditions and could lead to a decline in the real estate values of the real estate properties located in the 
regions affected by such events. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in the assets 
held directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured on real estate 
collateral. Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and any of the foregoing 
could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations or 
prospects.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk 
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of assets or from 
a decrease in the income derived from those assets.  
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the management 
of Banco Montepio’s pension fund. In addition, the Risk Division produces monthly reports on the evolution of the 
market value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators.  
As of 31 December 2022, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements of the pension fund recognised in the other 
comprehensive income stood at €135.3 million (€273.8 million as of 31 December 2021). 
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to make additional 
payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio’s pension fund constitutional documents, which, 
depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial 
condition and operating results or prospects.  
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being determined 
using financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time  
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not limited to, 
scoring models used to assess clients’ (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans granted by the Banco 
Montepio Group. Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal models and to adapt them 
to constantly changing market conditions, these models do not exclude the possibility of Banco Montepio incurring 
losses associated with factors not foreseen or contemplated in the model’s respective parameters or methodology. 
This could have an adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operation or prospects. 
Deferred Tax Assets Regime  
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had registered DTAs of €413.6 million (as of 31 December 2021: €459.9 million), 
of which €58.7 million were not dependent on future profitability (as of 31 December 2021: €61.1 million). 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the DTA could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or 
prospects. 
Pursuant to current legislation (Law 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended)), if the Issuer incurs losses on an individual 
basis, there is the risk that the Portuguese State will become a shareholder of Banco Montepio by virtue of the 
conversion of some DTA into ordinary shares. Taking into consideration that Banco Montepio registered a negative 
net income on an individual basis in 2020, following the approval of the annual accounts by the governing bodies 
and in accordance with the provisions of Law 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended), in 2021 a partial portion of the 
DTAs resulting from non-deduction of expenses and deductions of assets value resulting from loan impairment losses

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
and post-employment or long-term employee benefits was converted into tax credits, for which purpose a special 
reserve corresponding to 110 per cent. of its amount was set up. 
Accordingly, in accordance with Article 8 of the annex to Law 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended), in 2022 Banco 
Montepio created a special reserve in the amount of €5.1 million, corresponding to a tax credit of €4.6 million, which 
on 31 December 2022 was included in the calculation of the total current tax assets. 
These amounts may be changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs Authority 
(Autoridade Tributária e Aduaneira). 
Operational risks, such as breaches of security, changes in operational practices, inadequate controls, including in 
respect of third parties with which the Issuer does business, IT and telecommunications systems disruptions or 
failures, risk of human error or internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of misconduct by 
employees or third parties, may adversely impact the Issuer’s reputation, business, and results 
The Issuer faces the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures may prove to be 
inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer’s business. The Issuer’s business is dependent on its ability 
to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from 
errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to 
comply with regulatory requirements and breaches of conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural 
disasters or the failure of external systems such as those of the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties. The occurrence 
of any of these operational risks may adversely impact the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and 
results of operation or prospects. 
The Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated IT systems. As such, the failure of 
computer or telecommunications systems could have an adverse effect on the Issuer. Given the high volume of 
transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, employees, or 
systems, including any of the Issuer's financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial 
loss and damage to the Issuer's reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, the 
Issuer's ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its 
operations and the communities in which it does business. 
IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, 
hacking and physical damage to vital IT centres. IT systems need regular upgrading and banks, including the Issuer, 
may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. 
Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry operations from cyberattacks could result in the loss or compromise 
of customer data or other sensitive information. A breach of sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could 
have a significant reputational impact and significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity 
of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers. 
Failure of the Issuer's IT systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) obligations and have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime, and other types of misconduct by 
employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third party service providers and 
external staff, including “rogue trading”. This type of risk could result in breaches of law, rules, regulations and 
internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal proceedings, or reputational damage.  
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit fraud through 
electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer (including with respect 
to clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions processed through these systems) are 
a growing threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to technology — including cyber security – change rapidly 
and require continued focus and investment. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via 
cyberspace, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. 
In addition, the Issuer may as a result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover 
data, or establishing that data is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a cyber-
attack may take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and administrative 
enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects and its position in legal proceedings. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures adopted with 
respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to be inadequate and/or 
not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may not be promptly or properly 
implemented by employees and associates, especially considering the entry into force on 25 May 2018 of the General 
Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the council, of 27 April 
2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement 
of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC). Thus, data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or 
processing for purposes other than those authorised by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether 
third parties or employees of companies of the Issuer).  
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, 
financial condition and results of operation or prospects.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework 
Legislation on bank recovery and resolution 
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of resolution 
measures into the RGICSF.  
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree Law 114-
B/2014, of 4 August, and Law 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 April 
on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
A SRM has been introduced including a single resolution board and a single fund for the resolution of banks. The 
requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation (as defined below) and the BRRD.  
The Banco de Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its implementation 
of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or regulation. Therefore, the Issuer 
cannot anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which proportion, as well as if there could be an impact on 
the Issuer’s results and financial position. 
The MREL, became effective during 2016, and requires the issue of new senior debt with a subordination structure 
or strengthening of Tier 2 capital. The implementation of the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will 
have implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, which will lead to changes in the liability structure. 
On 17 August 2021, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal regarding the MREL requirements to be 
met which are as follows:  
a) 
MREL requirement to be met permanently by Banco Montepio from 1 January 2022 onwards, based on its 
consolidated financial position, of 5.33 per cent. of total LRE; 
b) 
MREL requirement as a percentage of total RWA shall be met during a transition period ending on 1 January 
2025; 
c) 
Determination of an intermediate target, that expired on 1 January 2022, in which Banco Montepio, based 
on its consolidated financial position, had to comply with a MREL requirement set at 13.67 per cent. of RWA;  
d) 
From 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2025, there is an indicative MREL level, based on the consolidated financial 
position of Banco Montepio, which increases on the first day of each year, starting on 1 January 2022 with a 
mandatory requirement of 13.67 per cent. until it reaches 20.77 per cent., plus the combined buffer 
requirements (2.76 per cent. as of the date of this Base Prospectus), which must be met from 1 January 2025; 
and  
e) 
No minimum subordination requirement has been applied. 
The MREL requirement determined by the Banco de Portugal is based on the applicable legislation and is therefore 
subject to being updated from time to time.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
As of 1 January 2022, Banco Montepio complied with the intermediate MREL requirement set for that date, both as 
a percentage of the RWA (with a ratio of 14.7 per cent.) and as a percentage of the LRE (with a ratio of 6.4 per cent.).  
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting its funding 
structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's 
strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of 
additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also 
result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility 
features. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse market 
conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply with the 
regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned instruments, there is a 
risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those instruments at a higher premium. The 
non-compliance with MREL requirements or the issue of MREL instruments at a higher premium could have an 
adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of Banco 
Montepio. 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental oversight. Adverse 
regulatory developments or changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer’s banking activities are subject to extensive regulation 
by, among other entities, the ECB, the Banco de Portugal, the EBA, the ESMA and the CMVM, as well as other 
supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities. These regulations 
relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, bribery and 
terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) issuance and 
offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices.  
Those regulations are complex and its fulfilment entails high costs in respect of both money and employee time. 
Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may cause damages to the Issuer’s reputation, 
application of penalties and even loss of authorization to carry out its activities. 
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of the CRD IV, 
implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 October, and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms, amending the CRR. The CRD IV/CRR reinforced the capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum 
capital ratios (e.g., CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD 
IV includes general rules, supervision powers, and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having 
also introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of the TREA, pursuant to the conditions to 
be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 3.5 per cent. 
of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 3 per cent. of RWA; and 
(iii) if determined, macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. of 
RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
While the final Basel III standards were set to be implemented starting from January 2022 with the output capital 
floor being phased-in, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementation has been deferred by one-year to increase 
the operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. These reforms started from 
1 January 2023 and will be phased in over five years. Regarding the lower limit on the capital requirements (i.e., the 
“output floor”), it will be gradually introduced from 1 January 2025 over a period of 5 years. 
In the exercise of its powers as national macro-prudential authority, the Banco de Portugal decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the TREA, with effect from 1 January 2016. This buffer applies to all credit 
exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject 
to the supervision of the Banco de Portugal or the ECB (Single Supervisory Mechanism), as applicable. The Banco de 
Portugal’s last review of the countercyclical buffer was on 30 June 2023, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the 
TREA for the third quarter of 2023. This decision is reviewed on a quarterly basis.  
The Issuer is required to comply with the capital ratio requirements (on a consolidated basis) of 9.085 per cent. for 
CET1, 11.194 per cent. for Tier 1 and 14.006 per cent. for Total capital. As of 31 December 2022, the Total Capital 
ratio of the Issuer, on a consolidated and fully implemented basis was 15.7 per cent. (14.2 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021), the Tier 1 ratio was 13.2 per cent. and the CET1 ratio was 13.2 per cent. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by the CRR II, and by the CRD V. The CRR II and CRD V introduced a 
new market risk framework, revisions to the large exposures’ regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that 
institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in accordance with 
Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD IV and was transposed into 
Portuguese law on 9 December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December. 
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by Basel IV, which would 
require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher 
leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and the use of standardised models, rather than banks' internal 
models, for the calculation of capital requirements. Following the publication of the BRRD2, credit institutions have 
also been subject to more burdensome capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. On 9 
December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December, transposing the BRRD2 was promulgated and entered into force. 
Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to the implementation of the TLAC standard, applicable from January

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
2022. The TLAC standard requires global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and 
liabilities (as a percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum TLAC 
requirement) to 1 January 2022 (an 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on 
technical aspects of a new review of BRRD, the SRM Regulation, and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (as amended). This public consultation 
was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, 
and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and 
framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other 
available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on 
the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative 
proposals on this topic are still expected. Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able 
to comply with stricter and more demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and 
others in a timely manner. A failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer as it could result in damages to the Issuer’s reputation, administrative action, application of penalties 
or regulatory sanctions, and even loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
In this context, the Banking Activity Code, which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public consultation. 
The proposed Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among others, internal 
governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, duties of information 
and administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no further 
legislative procedures have been developed. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, may have 
a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its assets. Future 
regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are outside the Issuer’s 
control. 
In addition, compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails 
significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal 
and reputational consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery 
and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable 
legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that its regulations 
for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as extended to the Issuer, are applied by its 
employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, reputation, 
financial condition and results, operations or prospects.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other resources. 
Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the Issuer’s reputation, the 
application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions 
The current legislation in Portugal, namely Decree-Law 3/2010, of 5 January 2010, prohibits charges for the provision 
of payment services and for operations at ATMs. The law prohibits the collection of charges by credit institutions for 
cash withdrawals, deposits or service payments at ATMs, as well as the collection of charges by beneficiaries of 
payment services for payment transactions via automatic payment terminals. Law 53/2020, of 26 August, extended 
this legislation on 26 August 2020, and came into effect on 1 January 2021, to impose limits on the collection of 
commissions by payment service providers for withdrawals of funds, payments of services or transfers, in or through 
payment applications operated by third parties (e.g., MBWay or PayPal), websites or in a merchant shop and for 
issuing virtual cards for secure purchases on websites and codes for cash withdrawals at ATMs. Additionally, Law 
57/2020, of 28 August, which came into effect on 1 January 2021 introduced further rules for the protection of 
consumers of financial services in banking commissioning, housing credit and consumer credit, which prohibits 
imposing additional commission for certain activities. Law 44/2020, of 19 August, amended the basic bank account 
commissioning terms and conditions in order to offer to these current account holders’ low-cost access to a set of 
banking services considered essential. 
Other similar or broader initiatives may arise in the future, the content and range of which is still unknown, that may 
impose more limits to commissions charged by banks, including the Issuer, which may adversely affect the business 
and performance of the Issuer. 
Borrower’s protection laws may limit the Issuer’s actions and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, monitoring the 
execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of 
borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; and drawing up a plan for 
restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial 
procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings 
against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. 
These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower’s protection are expected to continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers limits the Issuer’s rights to deal with 
defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated and funding of possible 
future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of the Banco de Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to BES, most of its 
business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novobanco, specifically set up for that purpose and capitalised by the 
resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law 31- A/2012, of 10 February 2012 (the “Resolution Fund”). The Resolution 
Fund is funded by contributions from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from 
the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million 
corresponded to the Resolution Fund's own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted by the 
Portuguese State, €700 million from a loan granted by a group of credit institutions that are members of the 
Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the Participants’ Loan). As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer's share of the 
Participants' Loan was €70 million. 
On 20 December 2015, the Banco de Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which resulted in the sale of the 
business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco Santander Totta for €150 million. This transaction 
involved an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future contingencies, of which €489 million was 
provided by the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State) 
and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the determination of the assets and liabilities to 
be sold as agreed between the Portuguese authorities, European bodies and Banco Santander Totta.  
The Portuguese Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from its participating institutions (including the Issuer). 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s liabilities and 
own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. Contributions to the 
Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the solvency position of each 
participating institution. This number varies over time and it is very difficult to determine the Issuer’s exact 
participation at any given point in time. The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are 
determined by the application of a contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted 
by own funds and deposits already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Banco de Portugal’s 
Instruction (Instrução) 19/2022 for 2023, the rate has been set at 0.029 per cent. 
In 2022, and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, Issuer’s national Resolution Fund periodic 
contribution amount totalled €5.1 million.  
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector, as of 31 December 2022, the Issuer paid €12.3 million which 
were transferred by the Portuguese State to the Resolution Fund.  
The periodic contribution paid by the Issuer under the combined terms of the scheme transposing BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation from the institutions covered by the SRM, as of 31 December 2022, was €8.4 million.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated, as there is the risk that 
the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled.  
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors and 
economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant thereto. 
Requirements related to liquidity ratios which may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and medium/long-
term liabilities, known as the LCR and NSFR. The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquid assets to meet 
short-term liquidity needs under a severe stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61 of the European Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required 
to maintain, in their own portfolio, high quality liquid assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash outflows 
in the following 30 days.  
The LCR and NSFR of the Issuer, computed in line with the CRD IV standards and EBA guidelines, was 249.6 per cent. 
and 125.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 (compared to 264.1 per cent. and 125.3 per cent. as of 31 December 
2021). 
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with highly liquid assets but low 
profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs since the ratios increase the long-term 
financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact on the Issuer's results. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Legal Risk 
The CBD and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 were 
published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020 with applicability from 
8 July 2022.  
The CBD replaces the current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities (as amended) and establishes a revised common basis for the issuance of covered bonds for 
EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise when transposing 
the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD was transposed into Portuguese national law by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, and entered into force 
on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (as defined herein). 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer of covered bonds 
under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, in its capacity as supervisory authority, to convert its existing 
covered bonds programme, approved and authorised under the Covered Bonds Law, into a covered bonds 
programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Issuer has submitted the application to the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
CMVM. The CMVM authorised such conversion, and thus this Base Prospectus is compliant with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. The new legislative framework has not yet been tested and, thus possible uncertainties of 
interpretation may arise. 
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, the 
differences between the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds Law, in addition to any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme whether outstanding at the date hereof or 
in the future benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) over all assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds (see “Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool”). The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any Hedge Counterparties at the date hereof and 
in the future are also preferred creditors of the Issuer also benefit from the above-mentioned special creditor 
privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”). 
None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of the holders 
of certain Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred Creditors of the Issuer at 
the date hereof or in the future. 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer secured by a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) maintained by the Issuer. 
Although primarily based and secured by the credits comprised in the Cover Pool, an investment in the Covered 
Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable solely in its corporate capacity 
for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. In case of insufficiency of the assets constituting 
the Cover Pool, the holders of the Covered Bonds will be treated as common creditors of the Issuer and will have to 
rely, for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Covered Bonds, on the sufficiency of the assets 
of the Issuer available to common creditors. Accordingly, the holders of Covered Bonds will become exposed to the 
credit risk of the Issuer, in case of insufficiency of the assets constituting the Cover Pool to meet the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. In addition, an investment in Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the 
Common Representative or any person other than the Issuer.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Covered Bonds may be subject to an Extended Maturity Date 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. If an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds, the maturity of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended (subject to any earlier redemption on an Interest 
Payment Date, as described in the paragraph below) to the Extended Maturity Date if either (i) in respect of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Issuer fails to repay such Series in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business 
Days, or if interest due under that Series has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on the following five 
Business Days or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking 
supervisory authority, and in each case notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given to 
CMVM, all as further described in Condition 6.7(E) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms 
and Conditions. The Issuer shall, at least 10 calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if such 
10 calendar days’ term cannot be met, in light of the time of occurrence or knowledge of the grounds determining 
the extension, as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM of such extension and the respective grounds for such 
extension. If within 10 calendar days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of maturity, the 
extension of maturity will then cease to apply and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) of 
the Terms and Conditions on the applicable Maturity Date or (if the date such objection is received by the Issuer 
from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) the Extension Cessation Date. 
In the event of any extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may also redeem all or part of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms. The interest payable on the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Series of Covered Bonds that has had its 
maturity extended pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and 
Conditions (and provided CMVM has not objected to any such extension) will change as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms and such interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. Neither (i) the extension of maturity of any 
Series of Covered Bonds from the applicable Maturity Date to the applicable Extended Maturity Date nor (ii) any 
redemption of such Covered Bonds on the applicable Extension Cessation Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(E) 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions will entitle the holders of such 
Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose 
and no payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions (see Terms and Conditions) as amended by the applicable Final Terms. In respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the 
ranking between any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Although the CMVM has approved the conversion of the Programme, no assurance can be given by the Issuer that 
the CMVM will not oppose the extension of any Series of Covered Bonds in the future. 
There may not be a secondary market for Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rates, currency or market risks and 
those that are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds would generally have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. Additionally, since the withdrawal process of the UK 
from the European Union, there has been increased volatility in the capital, currency, and credit markets, which has 
recently been further enhanced by the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing turbulent 
developments involving Russia and Ukraine. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Covered Bonds as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem the Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the Covered 
Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Risks relating to all outstanding Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Insolvency Event in 
respect of the Issuer 
If an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of the Issuer, all outstanding Covered Bonds of the Programme will 
assume the form of pass-through covered bonds. If, as a result of the occurrence of such event triggering the pass-
through condition, all covered bonds become pass-through Covered Bonds, there is a risk that holders of Covered 
Bonds of the Programme with a Maturity Date after such date receive principal repayments prior to the Maturity 
Date and therefore earlier than expected, which may result in a lower yield than expected on such holder of Covered 
Bonds’ investment. 
Risks relating to some but not all Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Issuer Default of 
Payment 
In the case of an Issuer Default of Payment Event on one Series of Covered Bonds of the Programme, such Covered 
Bonds of that Series shall be considered and will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds and will be due on 
their Extended Maturity Date, which may result in a lower yield than expected for such holder of Covered Bonds’ 
investment. 
Risks relating to any termination payments due to the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of early termination 
If an Issuer Event has occurred and any Covered Bonds are redeemed early on an Interest Payment Date following 
that Issuer Event, then the Hedging Contracts relating to such Covered Bonds (if any) will terminate early (in whole 
or in part) on such Interest Payment Date. In the event of an early termination of the Hedging Contracts, a 
termination payment may be due from the Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer or from the Issuer to the Hedge 
Counterparty. Any termination payments due to the Issuer as a result of any such early termination will result in 
greater amounts being available to the holders of such Covered Bonds; however, any termination payments due to 
the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of any such early termination will be paid ahead of any amounts due to 
the holders of such Covered Bonds and, accordingly, less funds will be available for distribution to those holders on 
such Interest Payment Date.  
Risks relating to the increase in the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any relevant 
Hedging Contract so as to account for any extension in the Maturity Date of any Covered Bonds 
If an Issuer Event has occurred, then the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any relevant 
Hedging Contract may be increased so as to account for any extension in its term and, as a consequence, greater 
amounts may become due from the Issuer to Hedge Counterparties on subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
Payments to the Hedge Counterparties rank ahead of payments to holders and, accordingly, any increase in 
payments to the Hedge Counterparties will result in less funds being available for distribution to holders on

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
Mismatch risk and Market risk - distinction between standard and conditional pass-through covered bonds 
Under a pass-through structure, the mismatch risk between the maturity of the underlying assets and the maturity 
of the covered bonds is transferred to the investor, as the repayment of the covered bonds, in case the pass-through 
mechanism is triggered, will rely primarily on the collections of the Cover Pool (without prejudice to claim over the 
Issuer or its insolvency estate, as applicable, held by the holders of the Covered Bonds), up until the extended 
maturity date, as opposed to what happens prior to pass-through being triggered, in which circumstance the Issuer 
is primarily bearing this mismatch risk, irrespective of the cover pool cashflows. At the same time, market risk may 
be increased, not directly due to the pass-through structure itself, but due to potential expedited sales of the 
underlying assets (losses resulting from the rapid sale of the mortgage loans at a higher discount) to realise cash, 
notably if the holders of the Covered Bonds decide to accelerate payments under the Covered Bonds, after they 
have become pass-through, in accordance with the Conditions.  
Additionally, there is a risk that, particularly if all Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, the speed of 
repayment of such Pass-Through Covered Bonds will be reduced, because the available funds for repayment will be 
divided pro rata with respect to all Covered Bonds and not only those that have matured. In such case, it is likely 
that the repayment of such Covered Bonds will take longer and not at the moment holders of Covered Bonds 
anticipated to receive payments. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds which are linked to “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) have been the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented, with further changes being anticipated. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing 
such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks 
provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material impact

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level, or affect the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. Such factors may (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates and states that, inter alia, contracts and financial instruments 
referencing EURIBOR should include provision covering trigger events related to permanent cessation, temporary 
non-availability and non-representativeness and that trigger events should be objectively drafted in precise terms 
and refer to events made publicly available by the regulatory supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator. Finally, the 
final recommendations further state that market participants should seek consistency and use the same trigger 
events for all assets classes when developing and introducing fallback provisions in different financial instruments 
and contracts referencing EURIBOR, to the extent possible and appropriate and the replacement date should on 
occur on the date on which the benchmark has effectively ceased to be provided or is no longer representative. 
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved the final 
text of Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption of certain third-
country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in 
cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012. The new framework delegates the Commission to designate 
a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, where the cessation or 
wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the EU. In 
particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and financial instrument, 
as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and 
the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 June 2023. On 
10 February 2021, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) 2021/168, which was published in 
the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the following day. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported going 
forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, the 
establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated could also require 
adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest 
payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have 
been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate benchmark 
(including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and Conditions (and if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and the potential effects 
of such changes may adversely affect such benchmarks during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return 
on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on those 
benchmarks; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then 
the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the relevant fallback provisions, although 
such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for leading 
banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of EURIBOR), may not operate as intended (depending on 
market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered Bonds linked 
to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. No assurance may be provided that 
relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that 
such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters, consult their own independent 
advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks when making any investment decision with respect 
to the Covered Bonds. Investors in Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) is other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The Issuer is under 
no obligation to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and any other factors that may 
affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated 
independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the Covered Bonds is 
subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to provide any credit 
facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any such lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a 
rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the Covered Bonds.  
Ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest due on each 
Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation 
to Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. Ratings only 
address the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks are not addressed but may have a 
significant effect on yield for investors. Due to the methodology used by the main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit 
rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the 
Issuer’s credit rating is also likely to be downgraded by an equivalent amount.  
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, 
natural disasters, fires, war or military conflicts or widespread health crises (such as pandemics) or the fear of such 
crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be 
reduced. 
The Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are able to be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that the Covered Bonds are 
in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises of only assets 
listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs (1a) to (3) of Article 129 of the CRR are 
met). Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the 
fulfilment of legal requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, investors should consider, 
amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. No 
assurance or representation is given by the Arranger or any of the Dealers as to the assets that comprise the Cover 
Pool (including, without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label 
assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)”). 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE COVER POOL 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool is expected to comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR. The Cover Pool shall comprise 
Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are located 
in Portugal as Primary Assets. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require 
it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) comprised in the Cover 
Pool will change from time to time in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. For further information 
in respect of the Cover Pool, see Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
Risks relating to the effects of depreciation in the value of the relevant property on the Cover Pool 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer, the Cover Pool over which the holders of Covered 
Bonds have a special creditor privilege in relation to payment of the principal and any due and future interest will 
be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an autonomous estate not being liable for any 
of its debts until any outstanding amounts payable to the holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative 
contracts are fully paid, even in the event of liquidation of the Issuer. However, if the assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the remaining assets of the Issuer. 
The security for a mortgage credit in the Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage over a property

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
granted in favour of the Issuer. The value of this property and accordingly, the level of recovery on the enforcement 
of the mortgage, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of the relevant property and no 
assurance can be given that the values of the relevant properties will not decline in the future. Regarding NPEs, 
where a mortgage has to be enforced to pay the holders of Covered Bonds is, however, highly unlikely because the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any mortgage credits which are delinquent for over 90 days must 
be immediately substituted. Notwithstanding, the variation of the value of mortgaged properties that are securing 
mortgage credits that are part of the Cover Pool, can impact the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of 
and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds. 
Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate risk and 
liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different currencies, in which 
case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is intended that the Hedging 
Contracts will hedge the interest rate exposure with respect to the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool, 
as well as the interest rate exposure with respect to the Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – 
Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging contracts, or the absence of entering into of hedging contracts, 
where the Issuer is entitled to enter into the same, can impact the performance of the Cover Pool and the value of, 
and amounts ultimately payable under, the Covered Bonds, as compared to a situation where the opposite decision 
has been taken by the Issuer. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits which are included in the Cover Pool are and will generally be subject to amortisation of principal 
and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal at any time in 
whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits may result in the Issuer 
being required to include further mortgage credits and/or substitute assets in the Cover Pool in order for the Issuer 
to comply with the financial matching requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. If the Issuer is not 
able to properly include or substitute assets as aforesaid, this may cause the Issuer to not comply with the financial 
matching requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and can impact the performance of the Cover 
Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CMVM or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
a) 
the 
earnings 
release 
of 
the 
Issuer 
for 
the 
first 
three 
months 
of 
2023 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
consolidated-results-1-quarter-2023.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular:  
1Q2023 EARNINGS RELEASE 
 
Key Indicators  ........................................................................................... 
18 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................... 
19 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ...................................................................... 
20 
b) 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at and for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2022, together with the notes and the audit report thereon (the 
“Annual 
Report 
2022”) 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-annual-
report-2022.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................... 
181 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................. 
182-183 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ...................................................................... 
184 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................... 
185 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................... 
186 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................... 
187-361 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors’ Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ............................................................. 
559-569 
c) 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the notes and the audit report thereon (the “Annual 
Report 
2021”) 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-annual-

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
report-2021.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
2021 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................... 
157 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................. 
158-159 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ...................................................................... 
160 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................... 
161 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................... 
162 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...................................... 
163-359 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ............................................................. 
590-600 
d) 
the 
bylaws 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/savings-bank-articles-
association-cemg.pdf 
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not specifically listed is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus for information purposes only. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
CMVM in accordance with Articles 3 and 23, respectively, of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
providing information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which, according to their respective nature, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial position, profit 
and losses, and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds. This Base Prospectus 
is not a prospectus for the purposes of section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of the US Securities Act. 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, 
the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and regulations applicable 
thereto. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third-party information has been 
used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
In accordance with, and for the purposes of, Articles 149, 150 and 238(1) and 3(a) of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (which includes the Audit Committee), and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) with number 183, registered with the 
CMVM under number 20161485, with registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 1 – 3rd floor, 1050-
217 Lisbon, Portugal (see Board of Directors and Other Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer), as the 
Statutory Auditor of the Issuer, are responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each of 
them declares that, to the best of its knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to the aforementioned Articles 
is in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the import of such information.  
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and 
is not misleading; (ii) the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it and based on reasonable 
assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts relating to the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed 
herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
In accordance with Article 149(3) (directly and ex vi Article 238(1)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, liability of the 
abovementioned entities is excluded if any such entity proves that the addressee knew or should have been aware 
of the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the contractual declaration or 
when the respective revocation was still possible. Pursuant to Article 150 of the Portuguese Securities Code, the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Issuer is strictly liable (i.e., independently of fault) if any of the members of its Board of Directors, its Audit 
Committee or PwC is held responsible for such information. Further to Article 238(3)(b) of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the right to compensation based on the aforementioned responsibility statements is to be exercised within 6 
months of the party seeking compensation becoming aware of an inaccuracy in the contents of this Base Prospectus 
or the amendment thereto, and ceases, in any case, 2 years following disclosure of (i) this Base Prospectus for the 
admission to trading on a regulated market or (ii) the amendment thereto that contains the defective information 
or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by reference 
(see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed, and any decision to 
invest in the Covered Bonds should be made, on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
Other than in relation to the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents Incorporated by 
Reference), the information found on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the Common Representative (as 
defined under General Description of the Programme) or any of the Dealers.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall, in any 
circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time after the 
date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date on which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of or as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such 
information. 
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission to trading 
made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not disclosed in this Base 
Prospectus, any of which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers expressly refrain from undertaking any review of the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme and from advising any investor in the 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Covered Bonds 
generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated 
to the contrary, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (save for application by the 
Issuer for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that would result in compliance with any applicable securities laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about and 
observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the 
Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Covered Bonds in the United States, the UK, the EEA (including, among other countries, Belgium and the Republic 
of Italy), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
None of the Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers or any of their affiliates has separately verified 
(i) the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation, or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other agreement 
or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any other agreement or 
document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers 
makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect 
to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, 
legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered 
Bonds or any other agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds is intended 
to provide the basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
other financial information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Covered Bonds.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should: (i) determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, 
with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant 
to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger, the 
Common Representative or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a CSD which will be the Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa’s settlement systems has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Arranger or any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa also provides various 
other financial services, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the US Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of 
the US Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). Accordingly, the Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under the US Securities 
Act. 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) composed of interconnected securities accounts, 
through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control 
at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, the Banco 
de Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of ownership 
rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue account, 
opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued securities; and 
(ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in Interbolsa’s centralised 
system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its customers in accordance with its 
individual securities accounts.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Covered Bonds will be attributed an ISIN code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for 
clearing through LCH.Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system operated at Interbolsa as well as through the clearing 
systems operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under 
the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement of stock exchange transactions takes place on the 
second Business Day after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place on the 
settlement date. Covered Bonds may be attributed FISN, CFI code and/or other securities identifiers, which will be 
contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Form of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Covered Bonds will 
be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable 
CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. 
The Covered Bonds will be nominative form Covered Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds held in the individual securities 
accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated 
as the holder of the Covered Bonds recorded therein, and accordingly the rights and obligations attached thereto. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according to the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, to T2 payment current accounts held in the payment system of T2 
according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose 
control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro will be (a)

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from 
the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (“Sistema de Liquidação 
em Moeda Estrangeira”) to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) 
transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of 
those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all necessary 
information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Interbolsa Participant must, at the request of Interbolsa, inform the Paying Agent of the bank accounts to which 
the relevant payments shall be made. Interbolsa must notify the Paying Agent of the amounts to be settled, which 
Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules governing the accounts of the Interbolsa 
Participants. 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the T2 current account of the Paying Agent must be apportioned 
pro-rata between the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa. After a payment has been processed, whether 
in full or in part, the Paying Agent must confirm that fact to Interbolsa. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bonds. 
No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law 
and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4 (1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (b) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) no. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation 
(EU) no. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) no. 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET  
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) no. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification of the Covered Bonds is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable EU MiFID manufacturer. 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR manufacturer.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]5 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent. /Floating Rate] Covered Bonds 
due [●] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW 
31/2022, OF 6 MAY 2022 (THE “LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2023, [as supplemented 
on [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).6 [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.]7  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2023 [as supplemented on [●]]. 
The Base Prospectus and the supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for viewing at Caixa Económica 
Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal, at 
www.bancomontepio.pt and at www.cmvm.pt. and copies may be obtained from the same address.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6 References to the Prospectus Regulation shall be removed when the Final Terms are used as a pricing supplement, in the scope of exempt offers. 
7 Include for listed Covered Bonds only.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Covered Bonds become
fungible.)] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
(i) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
A. 
Series: 
[●] 
B. 
Tranche: 
[●] 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds are to be 
admitted to trading 
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
5 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] [in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable]] 
(ii) [Net Proceeds 
[(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●]] 
6 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [any Covered Bonds, distributed to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, will always 
be issued in a denomination per unit not lower than
€100,000] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date]: 
[specifiy if different from the Issue Date/Issue Date/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[(NB: Maturity Date should not be less than 2 years from 
the Issue Date.)] 
[NB: In case (i) no Extended Maturity Date is specified or 
(ii) an Extended Maturity Date is specified when a Series 
of Covered Bonds with no Extended Maturity Date 
feature is outstanding, the Issuer, when deciding the 
applicable Maturity Date, shall ensure that such change 
will not affect the ranking of outstanding Covered Bonds 
nor invert the sequencing of the maturity schedule of 
outstanding Covered Bonds in case of resolution or 
liquidation.] 
9 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[insert date] [The date shall be at least one year after the 
Maturity Date, provided that in case the Issuer may not 
specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date that is earlier 
than the applicable Extended Maturity Date for any 
other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an 
earlier Maturity Date.] 
10 
Interest Basis: 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity Date 
(or the Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[[●] per cent. / [Fixed Rate] 
[[Euribor] +/- Margin 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[(further particulars specified in below)] 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E): 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[Euribor] +/- Margin 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
11 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
[NB: If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended 
pursuant to Condition 6.7, redemption will be made in 
accordance with Condition 6.8.] 
12 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Covered Bonds into another Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis] 
13 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] / [Issuer Call] / [Not Applicable] 
[further particulars specified below)] 
15 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
with all other covered bonds issued or to be issued by 
the Issuer. The Covered Bonds will qualify as covered 
bonds for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
16 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
[NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisations is required for the particular tranche of 
Covered Bonds] 
17 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
18 
Listing/Admission to Market 
[Euronext Lisbon / Other (specify) / None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)] 
[(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E))]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
• To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrears], or 
following an Issuer Event payable monthly in arrears 
• From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent per annum payable
monthly in arrears 
[(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E))] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• To Maturity Date (or any other date 
in which an Issuer Event has 
occurred): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date /
[other (specifiy)]] 
• From Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which an Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in each month up
to and including the Extended Maturity Date/[other
(specify)] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(E).]
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• To Maturity Date: 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount, except if an Issuer Event 
has occurred, in which case it shall be [[•] per [•] in 
nominal amount] 
• From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E).] 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• To Maturity Date: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) to which 
they relate] 
• From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment 
Date(s) to which they relate] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E).]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
• To Maturity Date: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)/Other (specify)] 
• From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) /Other 
(specify)] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E).] 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred): 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally 
paid (if more than one, then insert such dates in the 
alternative)] in each year] 
• From Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in each month 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E).] 
20 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.)] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.)] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(E).] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event 
has occurred): 
[•] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or any 
other date in which the Issuer 
Event has occurred) up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[The first Business Day in each month up to 
and including the Extended Maturity Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted)] Business Day 
Convention/Other (give details) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted) 
Business Day Convention] /Other (give details)] [State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies, and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is to 
be 
determined: 
• 
To 
Maturity 
Date 
(or 
the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
A. 
To Maturity Date: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] [(Second day of on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period)] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [(in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters EURIBOR01”
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly)] 
B. 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] [(Second day of on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period)] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [(in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters EURIBOR01”
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly)] 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.)] 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”,
“Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the Terms 
and Conditions which will require a Prospectus Regulation 
drawdown prospectus for the issue.)] 
A. 
To 
Maturity 
Date 
(or 
the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable):

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).)] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
[(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate)] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period.) 
B. 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).)] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
[(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.)] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
[(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.)] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable] / [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the
Maturity Date.] 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable):
[Not Applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the
Maturity Date.] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Not Applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Actual/365 Actual/365 (Fixed) Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
Other] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Actual/365 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
Other] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(xii) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
21 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] [(NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent)] 
22 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] [(NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent)] 
23 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination/Other] [(NB: It shall correspond to the 
nominal amount)]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
24 
Early Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[(each Covered Bond shall be redeemed at its principal 
amount outstanding upon the serving of an 
Acceleration Notice in accordance with Condition 9.1)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
25 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Book-entry (escriturais) with Interbolsa settlement 
system. 
Registered (nominativas) covered bonds 
26 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 17 (iii) 
relates)] 
27 
Details relating to Partly Paid Covered Bonds: 
amount of each payment comprising the Issue 
Price: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
28 
Details relating to Instalment Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s):  
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(if Redenomination is 
applicable, specify the terms of the redenomination in 
an Annex to the Final Terms)] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
30 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of relevant 
agreement] 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
31 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors]  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered Bonds 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified)] 
(ii) [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable”
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified)] 
(iii) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)] 
(iv) [U.S. Selling Restrictions:] 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 2/TEFRA / Not 
Applicable] 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market of [Euronext 
Lisbon / [•]]. The Base Prospectus and the form of Final Terms allows for admission to trading on other regulated 
markets of the Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Caixa 
Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third-party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ...................................................................  ................................................................... 
Duly authorized 
Duly authorized

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/ is expected to be made] for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Lisbon /Other 
(specify)/None] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. Each of 
[defined terms] is established in the [European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) / United Kingdom (“UK”)] and is registered under 
[Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”)
/ Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]: 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] and/or 
 
[Fitch: [●]] and/or  
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Covered 
Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [EEA / UK] and is 
registered under the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA Regulation.]  
However, the ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by 
[insert the name of the relevant EEA / UK entity] in accordance with 
the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA Regulation]. [Insert the name of the 
relevant EEA / UK entity] is established in the [EEA / UK] and 
registered under the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA Regulation].  
[Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business “ – amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●]/[see “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give Details ] 
[(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[●]] 
[(iii) 
Total Expenses 
[●]] 
5. 
Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an estimation only and 
calculated with reference to the Rate of Interest that would be 
payable if the Issue Date would be an Interest Payment Date and on 
the assumption that such Rate of Interest (comprising the relevant 
rate + margin) would not change in the future. Investors should be 
aware that the Rate of Interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will be subject to the variation of the relevant Reference Rate. 
The index used to calculate the yield was [●]] 
6. 
Operational Information 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[Not Applicable/Not Available/[●]] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable/Not Available/[●]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes] / [No] 
7. 
Repurchase Commitment 
(i) 
Applicability of the Repurchase 
Commitment: 
[Yes] [No] 
(ii) 
Repurchase Amount: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] 
 
[Other]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference into the 
Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated by reference to each Covered Bond. 
Reference should be made to “Final Terms of the Covered Bonds‟ for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). 
THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) IS A SAVINGS BANK (CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA) 
WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE 
FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED ON THE 
ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
IT IS THE INTENTION OF THE ISSUER, BUT NOT ITS CONTRACTUAL UNDERTAKING, THAT ANY COVERED BONDS TO 
BE ISSUED ARE ABLE TO BEAR THE LABEL “EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM)”, AS FORESEEN IN ARTICLE 
42(2) OF THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE ACTUAL ABILITY FOR SUCH LABEL TO BE USED WILL DEPEND 
ON THE COMPLIANCE OVER TIME WITH THE RELEVANT REQUIREMENTS OF THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED 
BONDS AND OF ARTICLE 129 OF THE CRR. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of covered bonds issued by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, 
caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer”) in accordance with the procedures set out in the Agency and Payments 
Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall mean the 
book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency and Payments 
Procedures”) dated 27 April 2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent 
agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
Any reference to “Holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity registered as such in the relevant 
securities’ account opened with a direct or indirect Interbolsa Participant.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents (such Paying Agents referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents and 
at the website of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) – 
www.cmvm.pt, save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by 
a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The Holders of Covered Bonds 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments 
Procedures and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and Payments 
Procedures.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency and Payments Procedures 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other than: 
a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and Conditions; 
b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption and 
any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to 
the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency and Payments Procedures (and, where 
appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; 
d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in registered form (nominativas). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (escriturais) in Interbolsa’s systems and title to the Covered Bonds

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários) and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of 
the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Covered 
Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the Covered Bonds recorded therein as well as its attached obligations and 
liabilities. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms applicable to other types and structures of Covered Bonds, that the Issuer and any Dealer(s) may agree to 
issue under the Programme, will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered Bonds, and 
those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period 
from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Covered Bond may also be an Instalment Covered Bond depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date will apply (under a Default of Payment Event) if the Issuer fails to pay any applicable 
instalment, irrespectively of such failure applying on the Covered Bond’s Maturity Date or on a prior Interest 
Payment Date. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in denomination per unit not lower than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Covered Bonds 
will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in which case lower denominations 
per unit may apply. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and 
Portuguese Law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond, in accordance with Portuguese 
Law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa, which requires that the transfers are prima facie made via the 
global accounts held by the participants in such system. 
Covered Bonds may be held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as long as these entities become indirect 
participants in Interbolsa. In such scenario, indirect holders of the Covered Bond will be able to transfer such interest 
in accordance with the applicable procedures set forth in Portuguese Law and the Interbolsa’s regulations (as 
applicable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream as indirect participants of this system) and the applicable procedures of

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are 
covered securities issued in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, which are secured by the Cover 
Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and rank pari 
passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under Covered Bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and 
to which the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became applicable following the approval of the Programme by CMVM 
under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 
(Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up 
to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-
day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that Covered 
Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of the Covered 
Bond in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each such 
date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls on the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding 
day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2.(A)(ii) above, the Floating 
Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of 
(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open, 
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by Interbolsa 
(as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds to a day on which 
the T2 System is open). 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone 
inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period, or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-condition 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations,(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
 
The Agency and Payments Procedures contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph. 
 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
4.2(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
4.2(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
minimum rate of interest due under the relevant Covered Bonds shall be zero. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, will 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, will

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified 
Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation Agent 
so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (and the Special Administrator, when appointed) and to any Stock 
Exchange or other relevant competent listing authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to 
the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Holders 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(F) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds), 
whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (and the Special Administrator, when appointed), the Agent, the 
other Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all Holders of Covered Bonds and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the Holders of Covered 
Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension 
of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each 
Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) 
on the due date for redemption thereof (which, in any case where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the 
Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(E), shall be the Extension Cessation Date) unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until the earlier 
of (i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) five days after the 
date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered 
Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.3 
(Accrual of Interest), 4.4(B) and 6.8(E). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in 
arrears on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(B) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), and subject to Condition 6.7(E) the rate of 
interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined 
by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, 
two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in connection with any redemption of the Covered Bonds where an extension of 
maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(E), interest will continue to accrue from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extension Cessation Date at the same Rate of Interest that 
was applicable in respect of the interest period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date). 
(C) 
This Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply if the maturity of the Covered Bonds is 
extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date). 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its own expense 
an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period 
for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference 
to the Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread. Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 
4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event one has 
been appointed) may determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds), no later than the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 4.5. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined by an 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above, such Successor 
Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
paragraph (D) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Covered 
Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to further adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5); 
(D) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (in 
accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply as described in paragraph (C) above without 
an Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (in 
accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as 
the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Set of Agency Procedures in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), 
including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Date, time at which the Relevant Screen Page is observed and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Covered Bonds (such amendments, together, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such 
consequential amendments to the Set of Agency Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.5. No consent shall be required from the holders of the Covered 
Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or any Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any documents 
or other steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice thereof to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and the Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the specific terms of any other Benchmark Amendments, and their effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and (in the absence 
of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the holders of the Covered Bonds for any 
advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any determination made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
as applicable, pursuant to this Condition 4.5; and 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original Reference Rate and 
the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date (i) if the Independent Adviser or, 
as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, and (ii) if the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, but the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and has not been notified of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.5(H) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by the payee with a 
bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 (Payments), means the United 
States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction) or by cheque drawn on a US bank. In no event will payment be made by a 
cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments of interest will be made to accounts outside 
the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment 
without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may only be made in euro 
or in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in T2 by the Interbolsa Participants whose 
control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa 
Participants from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any 
day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; or 
(B) 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business 
Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is 
open, 
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by Interbolsa 
(as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds to a day on which 
the T2 System is open). 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
in relation to Covered Bonds redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
5.5 
Reserve Account 
(i) 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Cover Pool shall include a Liquidity Buffer comprised 
of Liquidity Assets to cover the Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 days. As of the date 
hereof, the Issuer elected to comply with the Liquidity Buffer requirement by means of the Reserve Account 
described below, provided that if the Reserve Account is no longer eligible as Liquidity Buffer the Issuer shall 
implement any other eligible Liquidity Buffer arrangement.  
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the benefit of a Reserve Account held by 
the Issuer with the Reserve Account Bank in respect of the Programme and the Reserve Account and any 
balances standing to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal 
regime as any other assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The Issuer shall ensure that the legal 
requirements as required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds for the balances owed to the Issuer under 
the Reserve Account to qualify as Liquidity Assets are met at all times. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times in the Reserve Account funds in an amount equal to or in 
excess of the higher of (i) the Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 days and (ii) Expenses, 
Owed Hedging Payments and interest on the Covered Bonds (i.e. items (i) and (ii) of the payments priority 
provided for in Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision)), due and payable in the following 3 (three) months, 
including Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and interest due assuming that, for each Covered Bond series, 
either (a) it is already pass-through if there are no scheduled payments in the next 3 (three) months, or (b) 
otherwise it becomes pass-through immediately after its next scheduled interest payment (“Total Target 
Reserve Amount”). The Total Target Reserve Amount shall be available on any Interest Payment Date towards 
the payment of any Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and interest due on the Covered Bonds. In case the 
Interest Payment Date is an Extended Maturity Date or, after the Reserve Account has been replenished up 
to the Total Target reserve Amount, all Series of Covered Bonds can be fully redeemed on such payment date 
if the Reserve Account funds are made available. As long as the funds in the Reserve Account equal or exceed 
the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer will not be required to transfer any additional amounts to the 
Reserve Account. If the amounts standing in the Reserve Account exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, 
the Issuer may, in case no Issuer Event has occurred, release the excess amounts, without prejudice to the 
obligation of compliance with the maintenance of the Overcollateralisation Percentage.  
Upon (i) the occurrence of a License Revocation Event, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) 
shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in 
the Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) on 
the Business Day following the extension to the Covered Bonds to their respective Extended Maturity Date 
following the occurrence of such License Revocation Event, subject to Condition 6.7(C); (ii) a Series not having 
been repaid in full on its Maturity Date, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if applicable) shall no later 
than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business 
Day following the extension of the relevant Covered Bonds to their respective Extended Maturity Date 
following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event, subject to Condition 6.7(C); (iii) interest 
due under a Series not having been paid in full on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer or the Special 
Administrator (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the 
relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.8 
(Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day following the extension of the relevant Covered Bonds to their 
respective Extended Maturity Date following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event, subject 
to Condition 6.7(C). 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if none of (i), (ii) or (iii) of the last paragraph have occurred but funds 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account are necessary, as determined by the Issuer or the Special 
Administrator (if applicable), for the payment on an Interest Payment Date of any Expenses, Owed Hedging 
Payments, interest or principal (if applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purpose following the 
extension of the maturity date) due on the Covered Bonds, the Issuer or the Special Administrator (if 
applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds 
deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied as needed. 
(iii) 
The funds available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount shall be monitored by the 
Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor identifies that the funds available in the 
Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next quarterly 
report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover 
Pool Monitor Agreement. 
(iv) 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the credit of the Reserve Account 
will be paid to the Issuer. 
(v) 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by other instruments or arrangements that 
qualify as Liquidity Buffer comprised of Liquidity Assets to cover the requirements set out in Condition 5.5(ii). 
This replacement will be subject to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: 
(i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such replacement would not result in the reduction, 
removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; 
or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies that it does not have any comments to said replacement; 
or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said 
replacement, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after each of the Rating 
Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional period to analyse have been requested, 
nor has the Issuer received any other written communication from the Rating Agencies.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its 
Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless otherwise 
specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Common 
Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Holders of Covered Bonds (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount 
of all outstanding Covered Bonds will be redeemed proportionally. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise and/or 
settlement of any such call option right is subject to no Issuer Event (other than a Default of Payment Event not 
affecting the relevant Series) having occurred prior to such exercise or settlement, and in case such event has 
occurred prior to the settlement date that exercise shall be of no effect. For the purpose of verifying the occurrence 
of a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, failure by the Issuer to repay 
principal on the relevant Issuer Call Option settlement date will be regarded as a failure to pay on the respective 
Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, no principal may be repaid following the redemption resulting from the 
exercise of the Issuer Call Option established in this Condition until Series governed by Conditions 6.8 (Pass-through 
Provision) have been fully redeemed. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. To exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition. Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph 
shall be irrevocable. The right to require redemption will be exercised directly against the Issuer, through the 
relevant Paying Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise and settlement of any Investor Put Option is subject 
to no Issuer Event (other than a Default of Payment Event not affecting the relevant Series) having occurred prior to 
such exercise or settlement, and in case such event has occurred prior to the settlement date that exercise shall be 
of no effect. For the purpose of verifying the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, failure by the Issuer to repay principal on the relevant Investor Put Option settlement date 
will be regarded as a failure to pay on the respective Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, no principal may be repaid 
following the redemption resulting from the exercise of the Put Option established in this Condition, until Series 
governed by Conditions 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) have been fully redeemed. 
6.4 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates, provided that 
a failure by the Issuer to pay an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date other than the Maturity Date will be 
regarded as a failure to pay on the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of verifying a Default of Payment Event 
in respect of the relevant Series of Instalment Covered Bonds, thereby having as its consequence the application of 
Condition 6.7 (Extended of Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity Date) to the entire relevant Series and to all future 
Instalments Amounts due under such Series. 
6.5 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.6 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered 
Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Purchases) above shall be cancelled 
by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.7 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of 
Covered Bonds, provided that the Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date for any other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier Maturity Date. 
(B) 
In the case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension of maturity for a Series of Covered Bonds

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
to the applicable Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking of covered bonds issued by the Issuer and subject 
to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule for such covered 
bonds referred to in (i) above. 
(C) 
Such Extended Maturity Date, defined in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of Covered 
Bonds, will apply if any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event”) takes place: 
(i) 
License Revocation Event, in result of which all Series (which would otherwise be due on their respective 
Maturity Date) become due on their respective Extended Maturity Date, without prejudice to Condition 9 
(Events of Default and Enforcement); and 
(ii) 
Default of Payment Event, in result of which the Series where such default in payment occurred become due 
on its respective Extended Maturity Date, 
provided in each case that the Issuer has given notice to CMVM in the manner described in Condition 6.7(E) below, 
and subject in each case to the terms of such Condition 6.7(E). 
Upon the occurrence of any of the above Issuer Events, the Issuer shall forthwith notify the Common Representative 
and the Programme Account shall be set up by the Issuer (or the Special Administrator), as soon as reasonably 
practicable, within 30 calendar days of that event. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Common Representative 
shall be notified in case of an Issuer Event occurring as a result of a Default of Payment Event, by the Agent upon so 
becoming aware. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, once the Programme Account has been set up, all cash proceeds arising under, 
or otherwise existing in, the Cover Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, by the Issuer (or the Special 
Administrator) to the Programme Account. For the sake of clarity, in case the relevant Issuer Event was a Default of 
Payment Event, then, when all the Covered Bonds which have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity 
Date thereunder have been fully reimbursed and no other Issuer Event has taken place, this proceeds transfer 
obligation will no longer apply and any balance then existing in the Programme Account shall be released to the 
Issuer. 
Upon a License Revocation Event, the Issuer (or the Special Administrator) shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
within 45 calendar days of that event notify the borrowers under any Mortgage Credits to make any due payments 
directly into the Programme Account. 
(D) 
In the case of resolution or voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding have been subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates and any such Extended 
Maturity Date falls later than the relevant Maturity Date for the Covered Bonds of any other Series then outstanding 
that has not been extended (and which Maturity Date for such other Series is later than the corresponding Maturity 
Date of such extended Series of Covered Bonds) the maturity of such other Series of Covered Bonds will be 
automatically extended to its relevant Extended Maturity Date, as required by article 21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
of Covered Bonds. 
(E) 
The Issuer shall, at least 10 calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if such calendar 
day’s term cannot be met, in light of the time of occurrence or knowledge of the grounds determining the extensions, 
as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM of such extension and the respective grounds for such extension, in 
particular that it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that (i) (in the case of any extension of maturity in 
result of a Default of Payment Event) the Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date or on the 
following two Business Days, or if interest due under that Series will not be paid on any Interest Payment Date or on 
the following five Business Days or (ii) (in the case of any extension of maturity in result of a License Revocation 
Event) the Issuer’s authorisation as credit institution will be (or has been) revoked. CMVM may oppose any such 
extension within 10 calendar days of the Issuer giving notice to CMVM if it considers that the Extension Legal 
Requirements are not met.  
If CMVM decides on the basis of the Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension of maturity, the 
extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will not apply. In the absence of any decision by CMVM to oppose 
such extension within 10 calendar days from the date the Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension 
to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will continue to apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if CMVM has received less than 10 calendar days’ notice from the Issuer of any possible 
extension and at the date on which the maturity for the Covered Bonds is scheduled to be automatically extended 
to the Extended Maturity Date CMVM has not yet decided whether or not it opposes such extension, the maturity 
for the Covered Bonds will extend to the Extended Maturity Date. If subsequently (but within 10 calendar days from 
the date the Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM) CMVM then decides on the basis of the Extension Legal 
Requirements to oppose such extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to apply and each 
Covered Bond which had been extended shall, as at the date of such cessation (the “Extension Cessation Date”) 
then become immediately due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest 
determined pursuant to Condition 4.4(B). 
(F) 
The Issuer shall give to the holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the 
Rating Agencies, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice that it has notified CMVM of any potential extension 
to the maturity of the Covered Bonds and of any decision CMVM notifies to the Issuer in respect of such potential 
extension. Any failure by the Issuer to notify any such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any 
extension or give rise to rights in any such person, under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date).  
(G) 
After an Issuer Event leading to an extension of the Covered Bonds to the respective Extended Maturity 
Date which was not subject to timely opposition by CMVM in accordance with Condition 6.7(E), the Issuer may 
redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of all or (in case of a Default of Payment Event) the 
relevant Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject to and in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Pass-through provision) below. The 
Issuer, or if applicable the Special Administrator, shall give to the Holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer, or the Special Administrator, 
to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption of the Covered Bonds on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person. 
(H) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable, subject to Condition 6.7(E). Where this Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or 
any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any holder of Covered Bonds any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set 
out in these Terms and Conditions. 
(I) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined 
and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the 
Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date). 
(J) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across 
the Covered Bonds that were extended to the Extended Maturity Date and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption subject to and in accordance with Condition 6.8 
(Pass-through provision) below.  
(K) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further covered bonds. 
6.8 
Pass-through Provision 
Upon an Issuer Event occurring and all or some Series of Covered Bonds having been extended (and subject to 
Condition 6.7(E)), any Available Funds shall be applied on each Interest Payment Date in making the following 
payments in the following order of priority, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line, and the Hedging 
Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool Monitor of the Available Funds ahead of such Interest Payment 
Date: 
(i) 
Expenses and Owed Hedging Payments due on such date;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(ii) 
Amounts of Interest due on such date; 
(iii) 
Where the Issuer has been subject to liquidation or resolution, redemption of principal of such Series which 
have reached its Extended Maturity Date on the relevant Interest Payment Date;  
(iv) 
Replenishment of the Reserve Account up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
(v) 
Redemption of principal across all Series that have been subject to an Extended Maturity Date, if applicable, 
or, redemption of all Series that have not been subject to an Extended Maturity Date in the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, if principal is due on this Interest Payment Date; 
(vi) 
Crediting the Programme Account or, if this has not yet been set-up, otherwise retained in the Cover Pool, 
provided that: 
(a) 
Any payments under item (v) above, while some but not all Covered Bonds have been extended to 
their respective Extended Maturity Date, may only be made to the extent that, once made, the Issuer 
or the Special Administrator will not breach the Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
(b) 
No funds debited from the Reserve Account may be used to make payments of interest due on such 
date, under (ii) above, in respect of Covered Bonds that have not been extended to their respective 
Extended Maturity Date, unless the Issuer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) has determined 
that such funds are necessary to make such payment; 
(c) 
Funds may in any case be debited from the Reserve Account immediately following the occurrence of 
a Default of Payment Event (leading to the extension of one or more Series of Covered Bonds, subject 
to Condition 6.7(E)) resulting from non-payment of interest; 
(d) 
While any Covered Bonds have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, any Cover 
Pool monies or assets may only be used in making payments in accordance with the above payments 
priority (without prejudice to the best-efforts sale obligation below and the accumulation of any such 
sale proceeds in the Programme Account or, if this has not yet been set-up, otherwise accumulated in 
the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
In case the relevant Issuer Event was a Default of Payment Event, then, when all the Covered Bonds 
which have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date thereunder have been fully 
reimbursed and no other Issuer Event has taken place, this Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) will 
no longer apply. 
(f) 
Once all Series of Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full, any remaining funds shall be paid to the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
For the sake of clarity, upon the application of this Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) following 
the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event, payment by the Issuer of the defaulted payment does

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
not grant the Issuer the possibility of, nor has as its consequence the, reversion of the application of 
Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) as regards the Series where such default occurred and the pass-
through provision set forth therein. 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered Bonds that have been extended to their 
Extended Maturity Date prior to such date, the Issuer and/or the Special Administrator shall use and employ its best 
efforts to sell an amount sufficient to redeem, in whole or in part, all outstanding Covered Bonds that have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth Interest Payment Date following an Issuer Event, 
the assets comprised in the Cover Pool along commercial acceptable terms, provided that such sale and subsequent 
redemption of the respective Covered Bonds will not result in a breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage on 
and between any Interest Payment Dates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) failure by the Issuer and/or the Special Administrator to sell or refinance the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool will not constitute an event of default; and (ii) subject to the above terms and provided 
that (if required) relevant procedures are put in place (including Chinese walls and appropriate disclosures) to 
properly manage any potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of information, the Issuer may participate as 
purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined above. 
The disposals of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the 
regular reporting on the Covered Bonds, or by the Special Administrator. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any Taxes (for which purpose investors are required in any case to comply with their 
obligations detailed under the Taxation section) unless the Issuer or any Paying Agent (as the case may be) is 
required by law to make any such payment subject to any such withholding or deduction. In that event, the Issuer 
or any Paying Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to withhold or deduct the required amount for or on 
account of Tax from such payment and shall account to the relevant Tax Authorities for the amount so withheld or 
deducted. 
7.2 
No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Holders of Covered 
Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above. 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, references 
in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to the Portuguese 
Republic and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not event of default 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance with 
Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above, this shall not constitute an event of default. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 (twenty) years (in the case of principal) 
and 5 (five) years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date therefore, subject in each case to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Date” means the date on 
which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). Also, following the occurrence of the above mentioned prescription terms (20 (twenty) years 
in the case of principal and 5 (five) years in the case of interest), such principal and interest, as applicable, will be 
considered abandoned in favour of the Portuguese State and will be handed over to the Portuguese State, in 
accordance with Decree-Law 187/70, of 30 April, as amended. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, if a License Revocation Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, 
Conditions 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) will apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds may, 
in case of a License Revocation Event or other Insolvency Event, approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 (two 
thirds) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the 
serving of an Acceleration Notice, in which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. For the sake of clarity, the serving of an 
Acceleration Notice will supersede the provisions of Conditions 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date) and 6.8 (Pass-through Provision), the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and payable as 
aforementioned. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the Holders of Covered Bonds enjoy, under the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over the Cover Pool (including the 
Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets) with preference over any other general creditor, in 
relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, the Hedge Counterparties also benefit from this special creditor privilege (privilégio 
creditório especial), which is not subject to registration. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means a License Revocation Event or the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law 
199/2006, of 25 October, the Credit Institutions General Regime and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the 
Insolvency and Recovery of Companies approved by Decree-Law 53/2004, of 18 March 2004), all as amended. 
Investors should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders of the 
Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may deem fit to enforce the provisions of 
the Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard to the 
interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any action with 
respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme 
Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a 
reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
(A) 
The names of the Agent, the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In the event of 
the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent, or failing duly to 
determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer 
shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common Representative in an European Union 
Member State; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or, as the case may be, other relevant 
authority;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(iv) 
the Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union that will not 
be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to Council Directive (EU) 2015/2060, of 10 November 2015, as 
amended, on the taxation and savings income or any other Directive or any law implementing or complying 
with, or introduced in order to conform to such Directive. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall be published in a manner which complies with the applicable listing 
rules of Euronext Dublin (to the extent there are Covered Bonds originally issued under the Covered Bonds Law 
outstanding), of the CMVM and also with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law requirements, namely 
CMVM Regulation 1/2023. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code expressly applicable to Covered Bonds, pursuant to the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, contains provisions for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds to consider any matter 
attributed to them by law and in their common interest (which provisions are described and supplemented in the 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement), including the modification by Resolution of these Terms and 
Conditions or the provisions of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter will be 
any person or persons holding or representing whatever part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person 
or persons holding or representing at least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding so held or represented or, at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing 
whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the applicable 
rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the majority of the votes cast at the 
relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter, at least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 2/3 (two thirds) 
of the votes cast at the relevant meeting. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date 
fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the 
amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a 
given Series, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are 
payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a 
given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; or (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities 
set out in Condition 12(C)(ii). 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject as provided 
below, be binding on all the Holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Common Representative may convene a 
single meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Common 
Representative there is no conflict between the holders of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this 
paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were a Resolution. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct the 
Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action (each a “Programme 
Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series 
then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative or by Holders of Covered Bonds of any Series. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding 
on all Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where such Covered 
Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series not denominated in 
euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of the opinion 
that the interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and discretions without the approval of such Holders of 
Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a Written Resolution of such Holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or risk incurring 
any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, authorities or discretions 
if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not reasonably assured to it under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds or if it has not been provided with adequate indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. 
Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any Written 
Resolution of any Holders of Covered Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) refrain from taking any action until 
it has been provided with sufficient funds or adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as 
a result of any such actions and (ii) refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of 
any jurisdiction or which might otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion 
necessary to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the Holders of Covered Bonds for 
any consequences of such actions or inaction. The Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains 
further provisions for the indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from responsibility. 
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1 Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, and regardless of the time of issue of the Covered Bonds, the 
value (determined in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the CMVM Regulation) of 
the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer (the “Overcollateralisation Percentage”) shall at all times be a minimum of 
the higher of (i) 110.0 per cent. of the aggregate value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage. 
The 110.0 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105 per cent. set forth in the CRR (see 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
Assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the aggregate value of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall not be subject to the limits on exposure size set out 
in accordance with Condition 14.2 (Issuer Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not 
count towards those limits. 
For the purposes above, the “Asset Percentage” means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other percentage 
determined by the Issuer from time to time. 
As of 31 May 2023, the Asset Percentage was 82.79 per cent. The Issuer may at any time reduce the Asset 
Percentage, but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject to obtaining the Hedging 
Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such increase 
would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned 
to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies that it does not have any comments 
to said increase; or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said 
increase, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after each of the Rating Agencies has

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
been notified, no additional information or additional period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer 
received any other written communication from the Rating Agencies. Without prejudice to the above, and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Asset Percentage increase will always require Moody’s prior confirmation, whilst the 
alternatives indicated above in items (ii) to (iv) will only be available regarding the remaining Rating Agencies. Any 
increase to the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. shall be disclosed by the Issuer on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (to the extent there are Covered Bonds originally issued under the Covered Bonds Law outstanding) and of 
the CMVM and the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular reporting 
on the Covered Bonds. 
Should a breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage occur for 2 consecutive monthly reporting dates, the Issuer 
shall forthwith notify the Common Representative and the Programme Account shall be set up by the Issuer, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, within 30 calendar days of such breach. Once the Programme Account has been set up, 
all cash proceeds arising under, or otherwise existing in, the Cover Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, 
by the Issuer to the Programme Account.  
Any such Cover Pool cash proceeds shall only be used by the Issuer in making payments owed by it in its capacity as 
Issuer of Covered Bonds (including any interest or redemption amounts due under the Covered Bonds, any Expenses 
and any Owed Hedging Payments). For the sake of clarity, in case an Issuer Event has occurred, the terms of 
Condition 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) prevail over the foregoing terms in this paragraph. 
While the breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage persists, the Issuer shall not issue further Covered Bonds.  
Upon remedy and compliance of the obligation to maintain the Overcollateralisation Percentage, and provided that 
no Issuer Event has occurred (which would require the Programme Account to remain open pursuant to Condition 
6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Issuer shall notify the Common Representative and its 
obligation to keep the Programme Account open and to transfer any Cover Pool proceeds to the Programme Account 
will no longer apply and any balance then existing in the Programme Account shall be released to the Issuer. 
14.2 Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(A) 
Eligible Assets: only assets listed in article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the requirements under 
paragraphs (1a) to (3) of article 129 of the CRR are met) may be part of the Cover Pool (whether as Primary 
Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets), provided that: 
(a) 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed the lesser of (i) the principal amount of the respective 
Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist) and (ii) either 80 per cent. of the Current 
Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 
70 per cent., in the circumstances foreseen in article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current Property 
Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(b) 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) shall not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 
per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall comply with the 
requirements set out under sub-paragraphs (1)(c) and (1a)(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total 
exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. 
of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
Primary Assets: the Primary Assets shall be Mortgage Credits; 
(C) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, Properties or 
other Cover Pool assets will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and the CRR; 
(D) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and information to 
monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, and Issuer Covenants) in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as well as with all necessary elements and information relating to any other 
matters which the Cover Pool Monitor shall monitor in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; 
(E) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits as of the date when they are included in the Cover Pool are not Non-
Performing Mortgage Credits; and 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Covered Bonds to create and 
issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or purchase price 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such 
Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Except for the Hedging Contracts and the Reserve Account Agreement, which are governed by, and will be construed 
in accordance with, English Law, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments 
Procedures, the Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents (including any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with said documents) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese Law unless specifically stated to the contrary. 
The courts of Lisbon (or of England in case of the Hedging Contracts and of the Reserve Account Agreement) shall

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered Bonds and the other 
Programme Documents (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said 
documents). 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for calculating 
a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to the holders of the Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) applies, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 April 2017 and made 
and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent 
bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua Castilho,

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
5, 1250-066 Lisbon, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
bonds denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds and with an interest period of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the interest 
amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation). 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and principal 
payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any sale proceeds of any 
Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any hedging payment amounts paid by the hedging 
counterparty under the Hedging Contracts (for the avoidance of doubt, such amounts do not include any collateral 
that may transferred under the Hedging Contracts), any balances standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and 
the Programme Account, in all cases which are received by the Issuer or the Special Administrator or transferred to 
the Programme Account between, and including, the sixth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the sixth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as calculated by the Agent pursuant to the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist 
or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it will, on 
or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in (b)(I); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or prior to a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in (d)(I); or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(e) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or prior to a specified date and (II) the date falling 6 
months before the specified date referred to in (e)(I); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the Agent 
or any Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to calculate any payments 
due to be made to the holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom in its capacity as representative of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement or any successor common 
representative appointed by a Meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme, held to the benefit of the Holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, and 
comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws 
of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), 
registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161480, with its registered office at Avenida da República, 
no. 90, 6th, 1600-206, in Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 20 July 2023 entered into by and between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and to which 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became applicable following the approval of the Programme by CMVM under 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, enacted

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended, which has been revoked by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended, including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated Property 
Valuation of such Property (as described in subsection “Valuation of Properties” under chapter Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool). 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings GmbH is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been repaid in full 
on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that Series has not been paid on 
any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake of clarity, a Default of Payment Event 
will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as applicable) is not done by the end of the following 
two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned above.  
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/N.V. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses due to 
the Special Administrator, including any expenses incurred by the Special Administrator in connection with any 
actual or prospective disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to cover for the maintenance and 
operating of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, 
Covered Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the 
agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of covered 
bonds, as foreseen in Article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the maturity of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions set out in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.7(E). 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of covered 
bonds, as set out in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, such 
Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging interest rates, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging Contracts with 
the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms of Article 129 of the CRR). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected and appointed by the 
Issuer. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series of Covered 
Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, following such occurrence, 
for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default of Payment Event. 
“Issuer Event” means a License Revocation Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and 
amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to time. 
“License Revocation Event” means the revocation of the Issuer’s authorisation as a credit institution by its

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
competent banking supervisory authority (being the European Central Bank and/or the Banco de Portugal, acting 
individually or jointly, and including any successor) and leading to the mandatory liquidation of the Issuer; 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and are 
not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector entity 
that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the 
CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, provided that any 
such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 
14.2 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) on the date hereof the Reserve Account Bank is an eligible credit institution 
pursuant to b) above; (ii) provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under b) 
above can include short term deposits held with the Issuer and/or with the Banco de Portugal, in each 
case segregated and allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets; and (iii) uncollateralised 
claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR cannot be considered as 
Liquidity Assets. 
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Primary Assets, Substitution Assets 
and Liquidity Assets, as applicable; 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the relevant 
Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security 
for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which is

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to be met 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable requirements under 
paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.2 (Issuer Covenants). 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means, in respect of any given day, all payments outflows falling due on that day, 
including principal (if applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purpose on the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date) and interest payments under the Covered Bonds, any Owed Hedging Payments and any Expenses, 
net of all payments inflows falling due on the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those payments 
relate to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose 
of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of any Interest Period(s). 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties (who benefit of a special creditor privilege (privilégio 
creditório especial) and of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating to the Cover Pool).  
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge counterparties under 
the Hedging Contracts. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds under the 
Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 
September 1986, as amended. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered bonds, 
under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary Assets are Mortgage 
Credits, corresponding to the type of assets set out in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) and (f) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds programme of the Issuer 
established on 14 July 2016 in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds by the 
Issuer and as converted on 20 July 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating and any criteria 
required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and article 129 of the CRR. The Programme Account, and any balance 
to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime 
as any Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common Representative to take 
any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the Holders of 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such Mortgage 
Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market value 
(which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which the Property 
should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's-length transaction 
after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion), in 
accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage 
Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and article 208 of the CRR, provided 
that, in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property 
and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody’s and Fitch. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Holders of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
(C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy 
the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating and any criteria required by 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which 
shall be governed by Conditions 5.5 (Reserve Account) and 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) and the Reserve Account 
Agreement. The Reserve Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be 
subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity 
Assets.  
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and the 
Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, on or about 
7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including a Deed of Novation 
dated on or about 7 September 2020, and the amendment and restatement dated 20 July 2023). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company registered in Ireland 
with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered office at Block F1, 
Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W2X7, acting through its UK Branch (registered 
number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade 
name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. 
Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank 
contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in 
Ireland, and the definition of Reserve Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency 
in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority 
of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this 
definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of Holders of Covered Bonds and approved in

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Special Administrator” means such entity as appointed by the CMVM, in case of a License Revocation Event, 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which shall be 
separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Substitution Assets” means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to the 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they comply 
with the relevant requirements foreseen in Article 129 of the CRR. 
“TARGET Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines is a 
successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
“T2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or 
withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to 
pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, 
“taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise function including 
the Portuguese Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed on the 
Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the Covered 
Bonds accordingly. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.5 (Reserve Account).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, covered bonds may only be issued by duly licensed credit institutions. The Issuer complies with this 
requirement and is thus qualified to issue covered bonds under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool may contain Primary Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquidity Assets (each as defined 
in Definitions), subject to the limitations provided for in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static. 
Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be comprised in the Cover Pool may change 
from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds and with the CMVM Regulation (as defined in Definitions). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a permanently identifiable register 
in its own segregated accounts (the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer plans to issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant 
Cover Pool, additional mortgage credit assets or substitution assets (and other permitted assets) as security for those 
Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as further detailed 
below. 
Should a breach of the homogeneity, coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, as foreseen in Article 20 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required, immediately after becoming aware thereof, to take all 
possible steps to remedy such breach. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS FORMING THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables, including, but not limited to, interest revenue and repayments, which comply 
with the legal eligibility criteria described below may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered Bonds are 
compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool is intended to only comprise assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Each Cover Pool shall comprise of Primary 
Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets, provided that: 
• 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed either 80 per cent. of the Current Property Value, in case

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per cent., in the 
circumstances foreseen in Article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property 
intended primarily for commercial purposes; and  
• 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) shall not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall comply with the requirements 
set out under sub-paragraphs (1)(c) and (1a)(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to credit institutions that 
qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Other assets Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool: 
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not deemed to 
be Primary Assets; 
(b) 
deposits with the Banco de Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the Eurosystem 
(which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of 
the EU member states whose currency is the euro); 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions located in the EEA which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer; and 
(d) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with the low risk and high liquidity 
requirements, 
provided that, for the Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”, as intended by the Issuer, any such assets shall comply with the requirements set out for such 
purpose in article 129 of the CRR. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are 
located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which have their 
primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the associated Property is 
located, for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, outside Portugal without first obtaining (in each

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Moody’s and/or Fitch a confirmation 
that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by such rating agency to the Covered 
Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows the Cover Pool to include Hedging Contracts aimed exclusively at hedging 
risks, namely interest rate, foreign exchange rate or liquidity risks. These Hedging Contracts will form part of the 
Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and requirements of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and as described in this section. The evaluation rules of the Hedging Contracts are 
determined by the CMVM. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, any such hedging 
contracts can only be included in the Cover Pool provided they (i) are exclusively aimed at covering risk; (ii) their 
volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk covered; (iii) are terminated if the covered risk ceases to 
exist; (iv) are sufficiently documented; (v) are segregated in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds; 
(vi) cannot be terminated upon the liquidation or resolution of the Issuer; (vii) are traded on a regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility of an EU Member State, or on a recognised market of an OECD country, or whose 
counterparties are credit institutions located in the European economic area whose exposures are eligible (A) for 
credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2 (both as defined in CRR); or (B) for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the 
CRR), if authorised by the competent authority; and (viii) are included on the basis of their market value, or, in the 
absence of such market value, at a value calculated on the basis of adequate valuation methods. The CMVM may 
further develop the eligibility criteria for hedging contracts included in the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, identify 
(i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the underlying asset or assets; (iii) the 
nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the commencement date and the 
maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must enter into 
Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging the currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool may be managed 
through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps may be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty relating to both 
the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
Under the terms of the Hedging Contracts entered into with the Hedge Counterparty, if the rating of the Hedge 
Counterparty falls below the relevant applicable ratings as set out in such Hedging Contracts, the Hedge 
Counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: (i) providing collateral for its 
obligations under the Hedging Contract; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the Hedging Contracts to be 
transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency; (iii) procuring another entity with

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the 
Hedging Contracts; or (iv) taking such other action so that, in respect of the relevant rating agency, the then ratings 
of the Covered Bonds following such action are not lower than the ratings immediately prior to the downgrade of 
the Hedge Counterparty. A failure to take such steps will allow the Issuer to terminate the Hedging Contracts. 
In addition, certain other termination events and/or events of default may apply under the terms of the proposed 
Hedging Contracts, which may entitle the Hedge Counterparty and/or the Issuer to terminate the Hedging Contracts. 
Upon any termination in whole or in part of the Hedging Contracts, the Issuer may be required to make (or be 
entitled to receive) a termination payment to (or from) the Hedge Counterparty. 
The Hedging Contracts will be governed by English law. 
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Articles 129(1)(d) and (f) of the CRR, the amount of a Mortgage 
Credit granted by the Issuer and registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool may not exceed the lesser of (i) the 
principal amount of the corresponding Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist), and (ii) 80 per 
cent. of the value of the Property, if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is 
commercial property (which, in the case of commercial property, may be increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain 
conditions). The loan-to-value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis; (ii) determine the portion of the loan 
contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the Covered Bonds; and (iii) apply throughout the entire 
maturity of the loan. For further details, see section Valuation of Cover Pool below. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, all liabilities of the Covered Bonds shall be fully secured 
by the cover assets. 
In compliance with the above legal requirement, in particular with Article 129(3a) of the CRR, Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to guarantee that the value of the Cover Pool 
maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of the higher of (i) 110.0 per cent. of the aggregate value 
of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage.  
Assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the aggregate value of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall not be subject to the limits on exposure size set out 
in accordance with Condition 14.2 (Issuer Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not 
count towards those limits. 
For the purposes above, the “Asset Percentage” means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other percentage 
determined by the Issuer from time to time. As of 31 May 2023, the Asset Percentage was 82.79 per cent.. The Issuer 
may at any time reduce the Asset Percentage, but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. 
subject to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Rating Agencies that such increase would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit 
watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies 
that it does not have any comments to said increase; or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies that, 
having concluded the review of said increase, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days 
after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional period to analyse have 
been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written communication from the Rating Agencies. Any change 
to the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer on the website of Euronext Dublin (to the extent there are 
Covered Bonds originally issued under the Covered Bonds Law outstanding) and the CMVM and the Asset Percentage 
shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
The 110.0 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105 per cent. set forth in the CRR (see 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of overcollateralisation 
referred above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be accounted according to an amount equal to the nominal value of such Mortgage 
Credits entered on the Register (together with any matured and accrued interest, if the requirements of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds are met); 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, together with 
accrued interest; and 
(c) 
in relation to any other assets in the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued interest (juros 
corridos); and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by the value resulting from 
the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, 
according to their nominal value, including accrued interest (juros corridos). 
Also, for the purpose of these calculations, the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the foreign exchange 
rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms set forth 
in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, must monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial requirements 
established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds described in this section. Should a breach of the homogeneity, 
coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, as foreseen in Article 20 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Issuer is required, immediately after becoming aware thereof, to take all possible steps to remedy such, by 
undertaking one or more of the following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new Primary or Substitution Assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated to the 
Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
amortising Covered Bonds in a sufficient amount to remedy the breach; and/or 
(c) 
allocating new liquid assets to the Liquidity Buffer. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by the 
Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers CMVM to establish, by regulation, requirements in relation to the 
valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that it may consider relevant for 
determining the value of eligible assets for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In this regard, CMVM 
Regulation does not specifically include any provisions regarding the methodologies and frequency of valuation of 
the cover assets, their risk management, and the registration and archiving of all this information, establishing a 
material reference, under the terms of Article 11 of CMVM Regulation, to national and EU banking prudential 
legislation and regulations (namely Article 208 of the CRR). 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool shall be equal to or less 
than the amount determined as such Property’s market value, in accordance with the most recent independent 
valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, under the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds and Article 208 of the CRR. 
The market value, in accordance with point (76) of Article 4(1) of the CRR, means the estimated amount for which 
the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length 
transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without 
compulsion. 
The property valuations are carried out by independent expert appraisers, and the management of the valuations 
and inspections is centralised in a unit that is independent of the commercial units. 
Valuation by expert 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related 
Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a real estate valuation expert, with necessary qualifications, 
competence and experience. The real estate valuation expert shall (i) be independent from the decision-making

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
process concerning the granting of the credit; (ii) not take into account speculative elements in the assessment of 
the value of the physical cover asset and the cover documents; and (iii) document the value of the physical cover 
asset in a transparent and clear manner. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer comply with the criteria set forth in 
Article 208(3)(b) of the CRR.  
The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, notably where 
there is (i) any specific interest of the real estate valuation expert in the Property subject to the valuation; (ii) any 
relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related to the Property subject to 
valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on the valuation of the relevant 
Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Group, provided such valuation expert is independent from 
the credit analysis and decision-making process within the Group. 
The selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must ensure adequate diversification and rotation, and 
the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of selected valuation experts, setting out the criteria which 
have led to the respective selection, as well as the Properties valued by each valuation expert. This list shall be sent 
to CMVM by the end of January in each year, with reference to 31 December of the previous year, indicating, if 
applicable, any changes made to such list from the list submitted the previous year. 
Valuation experts are required to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in Law 153/2015, of 14 September.  
Regarding the monitoring of Property Valuation, the Issuer shall monitor the value of the Property frequently and at 
least annually. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall proceed with a more frequent monitoring where the market conditions 
are subject to significant changes. 
In addition, such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever (i) the information available 
to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the value of the Property or (ii) the value 
of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general market prices. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods of 
valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, as well as 
of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method: In this method, the estimated value of a property corresponds to the cost of constructing a 
property that fulfils the same functions and with the same material and technology characteristics, at current market 
prices. The value assessed includes the value of the land, construction costs and the investment promotion profit

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
margin, as well as a deduction corresponding to the depreciation, or loss of property value, resulting from physical, 
functional, economic or environmental obsolescence or a combination of these. For all valuations not based on all 3 
valuation methods, the expert appraiser should consider the local market characteristics and the specific 
characteristics of the property under valuation. The valuation adopted shall be the lower of the values determined 
because it is the most prudent in terms of guarantee; 
(b) 
Income method: In this method, the market value of a property corresponds to the present value of all the 
rights to future benefits arising from its ownership. This method assumes that property management and operation 
is based on the principles of legality, rationality and competence. The purpose of the analysis is to determine its 
respective ability to generate revenue flows, as well as the frequency of their occurrence, as well as to infer all the 
inherent expenses; or 
(c) 
Comparison method: This method provides an estimate of the amount by which it is understood that a 
particular property may be traded, after an appropriate period of trading, between an interested seller and buyer, 
in which both parties act in an informed, prudent and unconditional or non-coerced manner. The value of the 
property is determined after analysis of comparable transaction and property offer values, obtained through 
knowledge of the local market and the exhaustive collection of real estate market data that provides knowledge of 
the supply and demand situation for similar properties, and which constitute a decisive factor in determining the 
Market Value of the property under valuation. 
The Issuer’s specialised unit that manages the valuations process, through an IT control system, carries out a periodic 
review of the complete inventory of properties in the portfolio, ensuring that outdated valuations are flagged and 
alerts are sent to the property management units to trigger valuation requests. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation of each 
Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full understanding of the 
analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or assumptions adopted, 
identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short-term market or the market temporary 
conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the Mortgage Credit and the market value of the 
Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has performed the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
The Issuer’s centralized unit is responsible for validating the valuation reports prepared by the valuation experts, 
including the adequacy of the valuation method used and the existence of any limitations to the valuation carried 
out. The process is registered a dedicated portal. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €500,000, in the case 
of residential Properties, or €1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of the relevant Property 
shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years. 
The Issuer shall also perform an internal check of the value of each of the Properties once every three years, for 
residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties. 
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that indicates 
that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the Property value may have suffered a 
material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to recognised 
indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send CMVM a report with the detailed description of such 
indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, together with an opinion on the adequacy of 
such indexes and statistical methods produced by a reputable independent valuation expert. All subsequent updates 
of the value of the Properties shall be documented by the Issuer, setting out the description of the relevant criteria 
and the frequency of the review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor to 
supervise, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms set forth in the Cover 
Pool Monitor Agreement, compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of other assets 
Pursuant to CMVM Regulation, the other assets in the Cover Pool shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted according to their amount;  
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted according to the value resulting 
from the rules regarding evaluation and margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, according 
to the nominal value of such securities; 
(c) 
the debt securities shall be accounted for the nominal value of the outstanding capital; and 
(d) 
the derivative contracts shall be accounted for in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall adopt and implement procedures to verify if any 
property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset comprised 
in the Cover Pool is duly insured against the risk of loss or damage. 
Any credits arising from the relevant insurance policies shall be segregated in accordance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
(“património autónomo”) not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due to the 
holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover 
Pool must be recorded in a segregated register within and maintained by the Issuer. Such register must record the 
following: 
(i) 
borrower identification; 
(ii) 
the outstanding amount; 
(iii) 
the interest rate; 
(iv) 
the amortisation date(s); 
(v) 
for collateralised claims, the identification of the entity or individual before whom the relevant deed was 
drawn up or who authenticated the private deed whereby the collateral was created; and 
(vi) 
proof of final registration of the collateral in the corresponding real estate registry. 
In case of default in payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds, and in case the holders of such Covered 
Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant Covered Bonds, holders of such Covered Bonds, or the Common 
Representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the Cover Pool allocated to the 
relevant Covered Bonds, in accordance with terms to be defined by regulation from CMVM. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over the 
Cover Pool with preference over any other general creditors, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment 
of interest due under the Covered Bonds even in case of liquidation of the Issuer. For further information, please 
refer to the chapter entitled “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
INFORMATION ON THE COVER POOL 
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds, including key information 
regarding characteristics of the Cover Pool, outstanding Covered Bonds and other assets (including the Reserve 
Account), as at the last business day of each calendar quarter and the applicable Overcollateralisation. The Investor 
Report is produced and distributed by the end of the calendar month following each calendar quarter, and 
distributed to the Rating Agencies and Cover Pool Monitor via electronic mail. Such reports are available at: 
.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-programmes.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
ISSUER EVENTS 
INSOLVENCY EVENT 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, which shall be immediately notified to CMVM, CMVM shall 
cooperate with the Banco de Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and interests of 
the holders of Covered Bonds, in particular by verifying the continuity and sound management of the covered bonds’ 
programme following the resolution action. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds.  
In the event of dissolution and/or liquidation of the Issuer (including on grounds of insolvency), the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds establishes that any assets comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, 
and any collateral in connection with derivative contracts shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer 
and will be managed autonomously by a third party, and will not form part thereof until full payment of any amounts 
due and payable to the holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative contracts. In any case, and even 
if the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds requires that timely payments of interest and 
reimbursements under the Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. However, if the assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari 
passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the remaining assets of the Issuer. 
The Cover Pool will, in such an event, be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate so as to be autonomously 
managed until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds and any other preferred creditors 
benefiting from the creditor privilege and/or the autonomous estate constituted by the Cover Pool. In this situation, 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled to adopt a resolution 
approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least two thirds of the votes of the 
holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed to manage the Cover Pool shall 
provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds. If an Insolvency Event occurs in 
relation to the Issuer, the Banco de Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as 
possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the Issuer, informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the Covered 
Bonds in the resolution action applied. In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in 
Portugal is revoked, the Banco de Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the 
authorisation of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent liquidation of the 
Issuer, CMVM may appoint the Special Administrator within 10 business days after the revocation of such 
authorisation, to ensure that the rights and interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds are preserved. The roles 
and responsibilities of the Special Administrator include: 
a) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
b) 
the management and settlement of cover assets, including their transfer to another credit institution that 
issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered bonds; 
c) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(i) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(ii) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets into the Cover Pool and the 
transfer of the remaining assets to the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer, after all 
Covered Bond liabilities have been discharged; 
d) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and respective 
collateral, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Covered Bonds, including, 
but not limited to: 
(i) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
ensuring administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; 
and 
(iv) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
e) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular in cases where such Special Administrator fails to fulfil 
and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The 
remuneration of the Special Administrator is set by CMVM and constitutes a charge on the Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Banco de Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their actions and exchange the necessary information for the performance of their 
respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in relation to 
the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual report, regarding the 
Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an independent auditor appointed by 
the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end of the relevant financial year, the Special 
Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly with the audit report.  
DEFAULT OF PAYMENT EVENT 
The Default of Payment Event shall occur if i) a Series of Covered Bonds has not been repaid in full on its Maturity

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Date or on the following two Business Days, or ii) if interest due under that Series has not been paid on any Interest 
Payment Date (subject to any applicable grace period or the availability of any Reserve Amount) or on the following 
five Business Days, and therefore, the affected Covered Bonds shall be treated and will assume the form of pass-
through covered bonds. For the sake of clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment 
(or interest payment, as applicable) is not done by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days 
mentioned above.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds, pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement.  
According to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and to the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code 
(Código das Sociedades Comerciais), the Common Representative is entitled to perform all the necessary acts and 
actions in order to ensure protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, notably: (a) to represent the holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their 
behalf their legal or contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of 
Covered Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to represent 
the holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against the Issuer and, in 
particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or against the Issuer; (d) to 
collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which is provided to its shareholders; 
and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information regarding the issuance of the Covered 
Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its role as Common Representative under the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement. 
The Common Representative should be independent and may not be associated with a group of specific interests in 
the company nor in any circumstance which is likely to affect their impartiality when analysing or making decisions, 
including by virtue of: (a) it being the holder or acting on behalf of the holder of holdings equal to or greater than 2 
per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer; (b) being in a controlling or group relationship with the Issuer; (c) providing 
services of financial or legal nature to the Issuer, for the issue of securities, or to other financial intermediaries or 
promoters related with the issue; (d) benefiting from any advantages from the company; (e) serving as directors in 
the Issuer and in any entity controlling or having a group relation with the Issuer; (f) rendering services or having a 
significant commercial relationship with the Issuer; (g) exercising functions in competing entities, or that act on their 
behalf or represent any interests of such entities; (h) being relative to a person prevented from exercising these 
functions or with a person with a significant commercial relationship with the company. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the 
Common Representative and appoint a new common representative. The removal of any Common Representative 
shall not become effective unless a new Common Representative is appointed and takes office.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person or 
entity to be the Cover Pool Monitor who shall be responsible, for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for 
monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements contained in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
the CMVM Regulation. 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor registered 
with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related to or associated 
with any group of specific interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that hinders its independent 
analysis and decision-making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall not (i) be the statutory auditor 
responsible for the statutory audit of Banco Montepio’s annual report in the two years prior to the time of its 
appointment and is not financially, personally, commercially, professionally, or otherwise related to any such 
statutory auditor, its network, or any individual who can influence the findings of the audit; or (ii) be associated with 
any special interest group in Banco Montepio nor is in any situation that could hinder its impartiality of analysis or 
decision-making, in particular because it holds or acts on behalf of the holders of qualifying holdings of 5 per cent. 
or more of Banco Montepio’s share capital nor has performed the duties set out in subsection “Duties and Powers 
of the Cover Pool Monitor” below in relation to the relevant issuance or the covered bonds programme for 10 
consecutive years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool Monitor in 
connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 20 July 2023, the Issuer appointed Ernst & Young Audit & 
Associados, SROC, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20161480, with its registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6th, 1600-206, in Lisbon, Portugal  
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in relation to 
the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the requirements 
set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation and Issuer Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered 
Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses 
by the Issuer to the Cover Pool Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer 
of the Cover Pool Monitor.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the benefit 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer of the financial and prudential requirements 
established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the CMVM Regulation in respect of the Cover Pool. In 
particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set 
forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation and Issuer Covenant), including in respect of the operation of the Reserve 
Account. The Cover Pool Monitor is also required to monitor the Reserve Account required level, on a monthly basis. 
If the Cover Pool Monitor identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target 
Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance 
with agreed upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is entitled to be provided with all 
information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the requirements relating to outstanding Covered 
Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool 
Monitor shall verify on an ongoing basis, including in the event of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, the quality 
of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements on eligibility of assets, 
including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group 
structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as the information provided to the holders 
of Covered Bonds. In addition, if the Cover Pool Monitor, while performing its duties, detects any irregularity it shall 
communicate it immediately and simultaneously to the Issuer and CMVM. 
Finally, in accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce 
an annual report, in respect of the year ending 31 December, with an assessment of the Issuer’s compliance with 
the requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in particular the quality of the assets comprising 
the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and 
derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, 
coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as information provided to investors. 
If, during the carrying out of any work for the preparation of the above quarterly reports, the Cover Pool Monitor 
becomes aware that the Issuer has not complied with any of the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law and/or of any 
of the Requirements of the Cover Pool, including in respect of the operation of the Reserve Account, it must notify 
the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, of such event. If the situation remains unremedied within 10 business 
days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will notify the Arranger, the Common Representative and the 
relevant Dealers of the non-compliance.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by the Issuer 
for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and the Cover 
Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor can only be dismissed by the Issuer with cause, and their dismissal and relevant cause must 
be communicated to CMVM within 10 days from its occurrence. The Cover Pool Monitor may retire, upon giving not 
less than three calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Any such termination or retirement shall not become 
effective until a new cover pool monitor is appointed.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
APPOINTMENT OF A RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
The Programme requires that the Issuer appoints a counterparty with a minimum credit rating to satisfy the criteria 
of the Rating Agencies. 
ROLE OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
Pursuant to the Reserve Account Agreement, dated 7 July 2016 the Issuer appointed Elavon Financial Services 
Limited, a limited liability company registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office (registered number 
418442) (on 14 July 2016, this company was renamed Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company, 
under the same registration number), with its registered office at Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, 
Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W2X7, acting through its UK Branch (registered number BR020005 from its offices at 125 Old 
Broad Street, London, EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services. 
The Reserve Account Agreement rules the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, on or about 
7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to the Deed of Novation, dated on or about 7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve 
Account Bank contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through 
its office in Ireland.  
DUTIES OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK AND RESERVE ACCOUNT 
The Reserve Account Bank will at all times, provided that there are any Covered Bonds outstanding, have the 
minimum rating and comply with other requirements as required by the Rating Agencies. The Reserve Account and 
any balances standing to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool associated with the Programme and be 
subject to the same legal regime as any other assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The Issuer shall ensure that 
the legal requirements as required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds for the balances owed to the Issuer under 
the Reserve Account to qualify as Liquidity Assets are always met. 
The amount deposited in the Reserve Account shall be available on any interest payment date towards the payment 
of interest due on the Pass-Through bonds to the extent that there are insufficient available funds. 
REMUNERATION AND RESERVE ACCOUNT REPLACEMENT 
In accordance with the Reserve Account Agreement, the Reserve Account Bank shall be remunerated by the Issuer 
for its services as Reserve Account Bank, in terms of fees and commissions, separately agreed between the Issuer 
and the Reserve Account Bank.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
The Issuer may replace the Reserve Account by other instruments or arrangements that qualify as Liquidity Buffer 
comprised of Liquidity Assets to cover the requirements set out in Condition 5.5(ii). This replacement will be subject 
to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the requirements set out in Condition 5.5(v) of the 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
REPURCHASE COMMITMENT 
 
If the repurchase commitment is specified as applicable in the Final Terms relating to a particular Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase such Series of Covered Bonds on its 
Repurchase Date at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount as specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms of such particular Series of Covered Bonds (the “Repurchase 
Price”), if so requested by any holders of such Series and subject to such Series of Covered Bonds not being 
redeemed up to ten Business Days after the Maturity Date (the “Repurchase Commitment”). 
The Repurchase Commitment shall be provided at the Issue Date in a letter issued to the benefit of the holders of 
certain Series of Covered Bonds, which will be acknowledged on behalf of all such holders by the Common 
Representative, in the form attached hereto. For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment creates only obligations 
on the Issuer and no liability whatsoever shall attach to the Common Representative as a result of having 
acknowledged this document. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, 
accordingly, non-compliance by the Issuer with the Repurchase Commitment will not constitute an event of default 
under the Terms and Conditions. The Repurchase Commitment is a senior unsecured obligation of the Issuer and 
noncompliance by the Issuer with this undertaking will, nonetheless, constitute a default in respect of the Issuer’s 
senior unsecured obligations vis-à-vis the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds who 
have exercised their right to request the Issuer to buy the relevant Covered Bonds. Such holders of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will have recourse to the general legal remedies applicable to breach 
of obligations under Portuguese Law. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Repurchase Commitment will not 
in itself result in an acceleration of the Covered Bonds or a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
The right of the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds to request the Issuer to buy 
the Covered Bonds they hold pursuant to the Repurchase Commitment shall be exercised individually by each holder 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, by delivering to the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa 
through which it holds the Covered Bonds a written notice, in the form available from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent or in another form accepted by such Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for such purpose (a “Repurchase 
Notice”), no less than 10 and no more than 60 days after the Maturity Date. Each such holder of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds shall so submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa for the transfer of its Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable 
Repurchase Price (in the form and according to the procedures of Interbolsa). If any holder of the Covered Bonds 
holds the Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise indirectly), they shall 
comply with the applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of this commitment, Repurchase Date will be the date which falls on the 90th (ninetieth) day after the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
The Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law. The courts of Lisbon shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase Commitment (including any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said document). 
 
From: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,   
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
 
 
 
[Address] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Address] 
(the “Issuer”)  
 
 
 
 
 
(the “Common Representative”) 
 
 
[Lisbon], [Date]8 
 
 
Ref.: €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme – Repurchase Commitment – Series 
with ISIN no. [●] 
 
Dear Sirs, 
We make reference to our €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme and the Covered 
Bonds issued thereunder with ISIN no. [●] (hereinafter, the “Series”) and hereby commit to repurchase the Covered 
Bonds of the Series in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2023 
approved in connection with this Programme and the Final Terms of the Series.  
Accordingly, we irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase the Covered Bonds of the Series on its 
Repurchase Date [at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount as specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms] (the “Repurchase Price”), if so requested by any holders of the 
Series and subject to this Series of Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to 10 Business Days after the Maturity 
Date (the “Repurchase Commitment”). 
The right of the holders of Covered Bonds of the Series to request the Issuer to buy the Covered Bonds they hold 
pursuant to this Issuer’s undertaking shall be exercised individually by each of the holders of the Covered Bonds, by 
 
8 Note: to be dated the same date as the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
delivering to the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa through which it holds the Covered Bonds a written notice, in the 
form available from any specified office of any Paying Agent or in another form accepted by such Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa for such purpose (a “Repurchase Notice”), no less than 10 and no more than 60 days after the Maturity 
Date. Each such holder of Covered Bonds of the Series shall submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant 
Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for the transfer of its Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable 
Repurchase Price (in the form and according to the procedures of Interbolsa). If any holder of the Covered Bonds 
holds the Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise indirectly), they shall 
comply with the applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of this the Repurchase Commitment, Repurchase Date shall be the date which falls on the 90th 
(ninetieth) day after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. It will be an 
unsecured obligation of the Issuer only and, for the avoidance of doubt, it will not be secured by the Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool. Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Repurchase Commitment will not constitute 
an event of default under the Terms and Conditions and will not in itself result in an acceleration of the Covered 
Bonds or a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
This Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese Law. The courts of Lisbon shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase Commitment (including any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said document). 
Terms and expressions used in this document and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them, 
directly or by reference, in the Base Prospectus referred to above. 
 
Best Regards, 
 
For and on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
Duly Authorised 
 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Duly Authorised

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
We hereby acknowledge receipt of this document.  
For and on behalf of Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
Duly Authorised 
 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Duly Authorised 
 
For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment creates only obligations on the Issuer and no liability whatsoever shall 
attach to the Common Representative as a result of having acknowledged this document.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Legal and Commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. and its most frequent 
commercial name is Banco Montepio. 
Incorporation, registration, legal form, head office and contacts of the Issuer, legislation that governs the Issuer’s 
activity and website of the Issuer 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) 
incorporated under the laws of Portugal with a registered and fully paid-up share capital, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus of €1,210,000,000, represented by 2,420,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.50 each, 
and registered in the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole registration and taxpayer number 500 792 
615. Banco Montepio’s registered address is at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066, in Lisbon, Portugal, and the telephone 
number of its registered office is +351 213 248 000.  
The Issuer was registered by deed on 24 March 1844 for an indefinite period. The Issuer is a credit institution, a full 
service savings bank (caixa económica bancária), whose activities are regulated by the RGICSF, the Savings Bank Act 
(regime jurídico das caixas económicas), approved by Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September, and is subject to 
the Portuguese Companies Code (approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as amended). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. The information on the website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction to Banco Montepio 
Banco Montepio’s share capital is €1,210,000,000, the majority of which (99.99 per cent.) is owned by its founder 
MGAM. Banco Montepio, together with its subsidiaries, are referred to in this Base Prospectus as Banco Montepio 
Group. MGAM and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as MGAM Group.  
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated (caixa 
económica anexa) to MGAM into a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public 
limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of the Banco de Portugal. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e., a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes are to 
promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 606,483 mutual members (as 
of 31 December 2022), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. The welfare schemes MGAM offers 
include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing 
charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. It 
also has co-operation agreements with a variety of organisations in the health and welfare sectors. Other activities include 
the organisation of members’ social functions, publication of a members’ magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária), is authorised to pursue all 
the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As of 30 June 2022, it ranked seventh in the Portuguese banking 
system on the basis of total net assets (source: Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). 
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to Banco Montepio but its legal name remains the same 
(Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand represents an 
evolution in the identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: that of an independent Portuguese bank focused 
on Portuguese families, corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, mutual societies, associations and 
foundations carrying out a set of business and economic activities, within the private sphere, in order to promote 
general economic and/or social interests). By changing its brand name, the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the 
general public and its clients the distinction between Banco Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition 
to the change of the brand name, Banco Montepio also changed its commercial logo and brand colours. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Articles of Association and with the provisions of the Portuguese 
Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais). MGAM, as the majority holder of the Issuer’s share capital 
(99.99 per cent.) is the majority holder of voting rights in Banco Montepio and its rights are governed by and subject 
to Banco Montepio’s Articles of Association and Portuguese Law. 
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. holding. Banco 
Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group structure chart below. 
These entities complement Banco Montepio’s financial products and services and contribute via their earnings to 
the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) and, as well as promoting high ethical standards and 
principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these entities not only offer a broad and diversified range of banking 
and financial products and services, but also contribute with their earnings to the shareholders’ social and welfare-
related goals. 
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following two domestic entities: Montepio 
Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. and Montepio Investimento, S.A.. Each of these companies are wholly 
owned by Montepio Holding (previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco 
Montepio. For further information, please refer to the section “Description of the Issuer - Outline of the performance 
of the Banco Montepio Group's domestic companies”. 
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, Turismo 
e Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector), in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, ACE (a complementary 
company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage MGAM Group´s real estate more 
efficiently), and in Cesource, ACE (a complementary company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) 
created to provide specialised services in the area of IT technologies to improve the conditions and the management 
of the resources and the results of the economic activities of the members of this complementary company group), 
whose accounts are consolidated by the equity method, as well as a 100 per cent. capital participation in 
SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. (Real Estate sector) fully owned by 
Montepio Holding. At an international level, within the scope of the strategic redefinition of international holdings, 
on 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale 
of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. (in which the Banco Montepio Group had control with 
an effective participation of 80.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) to Access Bank Plc, and on 30 June 2023 it was 
Ancillary Services and Other Investments 
Domestic Activity 
International 
Activity 
(% of capital held) 
*Banco Montepio 26.0%, Montepio Investimento 1.0% e SSAGIncentive 0.5%.       
 
 
  
**Banco Montepio Groups participation was 80.2% as of 31 December 2022. On 30 June 2023 Banco Montepio Group completed the sale 
of a stake representing 51% of the share capital and voting rights on Finibanco Angola to Access Bank. As of the date of the Base 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, 
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. 
Montepio Crédito 
– Instituição 
Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. 
Montepio 
Investimento, 
S.A. 
SSAGIncentive – 
Sociedade de 
Serviços 
Auxiliares e 
Gestão de 
Imóveis, S.A. 
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A. 
HTA – Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação dos 
Açores, S.A. 
Montepio 
Gestão de 
Activos 
Imobiliários, 
ACE 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
29.2% 
27.5%* 
20.0% 
18.0% 
Cesource, 
ACE

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
completed the sale of a stake representing 51 per cent. of its share capital and its voting rights, while maintaining a 
participation of 29.2 per cent. of its share capital, whose sale process is being completed as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, subject on the approval of the supervisory and regulatory entities and is expected to be settled during 
the second half of 2023. Furthermore, due to the new legal framework in Cape Verde and taking into consideration 
all the relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors chose not to promote the changes required 
to adapt its subsidiary Banco MG Cabo Verde as a bank with generic authorisation, having approved the 
implementation of the procedural initiatives envisaged in the law with a view to its voluntary winding up and 
liquidation, which was completed in 2022. For further information, please refer to the section “- International 
Activity”.  
In order to simplify the corporate structure and improve the Banco Montepio Group's operating model, in August 
2022 it was decided to integrate Banco BEM, 100 per cent. owned by the subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A., 
into Banco Montepio, by transferring all its assets, liabilities and operations, with the possibility of a merger by 
incorporation. Subsequently, in December 2022, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors approved the operational 
integration model and analysed other alternatives, namely the possibility of selling Banco BEM's banking licence, 
after carve-out of all activity. 
Following the aim of the Board of Directors to simplify the corporate structure of the Banco Montepio Group and 
the provisions of IFRS 5, the operations of Banco Montepio's subsidiary – Finibanco Angola, were deemed 
discontinued operations for the purposes of its financial accounts as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
and was accounted in the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as “Non-current assets held for sale - discontinued 
operations” or “Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations”, as applicable, and in its income 
statement as “Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations”. 
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose entities 
and investment funds: 
• 
Valor Arrendamento – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) 
100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) 100 per cent. 
held by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment 
Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and 
• 
Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real Estate 
Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by Montepio Investimento, 
S.A.  
For more information, please see note 57 (Subsidiary and associates) to the Annual Report 2022. 
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group’s business strategy, as it uses

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
its nationwide branch network comprising 246 branches in Portugal as of 31 December 2022 (261 branches in 
Portugal as of 31 December 2021). Banco Montepio’s commercial network is further complemented by a network 
of electronic channels, together with its presence in various overseas Portuguese communities (including five 
representative offices outside of Portugal). Banco Montepio is also present in Angola, through Finibanco Angola with 
a retail network of 20 branches as of 31 December 2022 (20 branches as of 31 December 2021). For further 
information, please refer to the section “- International Activity”. 
Banco Montepio is a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the Lisbon Commercial 
Registry Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 500 792 615 and is domiciled 
in Portugal, having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal, with telephone number +351 
213 248 000. 
History 
Banco Montepio is a unique institution in the national financial panorama, due to its origin and mutual basis, and 
consequently its vocation of saving and providing universal financial services to individuals at all stages of their lives, 
as well as to clients from the business sector, social economy institutions and social entrepreneurs. 
In its more than 178 years of existence, Banco Montepio has always supported families, entrepreneurs, companies 
and the community. It has actively supported successive generations of Portuguese people at many critical 
moments, through wars, crises and revolutions. 
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio Geral on 23 
April 1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. MGAM and its subsidiaries 
and affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management products from Banco Montepio’s 
branches throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, 
the two organisations had become separate legal entities. In accordance with Decree-Law 460/77, of 7 November 
1977 (as last amended by Decree-Law 391/2007, of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a collective person of public 
interest. 
On 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio acquired from MGAM, through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of 
the share capital and of the voting rights of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, 
indirectly, all of the share capital and the voting rights of Finibanco (now Banco BEM), as well as those of Finicrédito 
– Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and those of 
Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now Montepio Valor – SGOIC, S.A.). 
Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Finibanco Group, comprised a number of subsidiaries 
which included, among others, a bank (Finibanco), an Angolan bank (Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution 
(Finicrédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and an asset management company (Finivalor – Sociedade 
Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A.).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share capital and 
the voting rights of Finibanco Angola.  
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio’s capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 November 
2013, Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer of €200 million participation units (unidades de participação) 
representative of its Participation Fund. On 17 December 2013, the securities were admitted to listing on Euronext 
Lisbon after the Regulated Market Special Session. 
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following the 
enforcement of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of the Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the 
Savings Bank Act (which provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by the Banco de Portugal, full service 
savings banks already in existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation shall not be automatically required 
to arrange for their conversion into public limited liability companies).  
On 22 November 2016 it was convened an Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio to deliberate on the 
transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the consequent amendment of its 
Articles of Association. 
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio into a 
public limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The project for the 
amended Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the reconsideration of some 
matters depending on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the supervising authorities. 
Following the fulfilment of the relevant requirements, the transformation into a public limited liability company 
(sociedade anónima) and the amendment of the Articles of Association took place, and since September 2017, Banco 
Montepio’s share capital is fully represented by ordinary shares. 
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco Empresas Montepio. This 
new project aims to bring together Banco Empresas Montepio’s corporate banking and investment banking in one 
entity, presenting an integrated offering in the areas of corporate finance, debt and equity capital markets, advisory, 
structured finance, equity and debt distribution along with lending services.  
On 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives established by law 
relating to the voluntary dissolution and liquidation of Banco MG Cabo Verde, which was completed in 2022. For 
further information, please refer to the section “International Activity”. 
In December 2021, Banco Montepio sold 100 per cent. of its capital and voting rights in Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A. 
to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista, which simplified the corporate structure of Banco Montepio Group in line 
with its strategy.  
On 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale 
of its stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. to Access Bank Plc, a commercial bank based in Lagos, 
Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African continent, and on 30 June 2023 it was completed the sale of a

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
stake representing 51 per cent. of its share capital and its voting rights, while maintaining a participation of 29.2 per 
cent. of its share capital, whose sale process is being completed as of the date of this Base Prospectus, subject on 
the approval of the supervisory and regulatory entities and is expected to be settled during the second half of 2023. 
For further information, please refer to the section “International Activity”. 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders was held on 10 February 2023, at which it was unanimously 
decided to restructure the equity items, with the specific purpose of strengthening the funds that may be classified 
as distributable by the regulatory authorities, in order to cover the negative retained earnings, by reducing the share 
capital by 1,210,000,000.00 euros, without changing the number of existing shares and without altering the total 
equity value. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio’s share capital, in the amount of 
€1,210,000,000, was fully represented by ordinary shares. 
Strategy 
In 2019, the Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and 
establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and long term 
(“Transformation Plan”). 
The Transformation Plan had a 5-year timeline with an intention to establish new ways of working that would create 
positive results, making the Issuer more competitive, efficient and digital, with a focus on the quality of service 
provided to the customer. 
In view of the changing circumstances challenges facing Banco Montepio, the banking sector and the Portuguese 
economy, the Board of Directors of the Issuer reassessed the objectives and measures set out in the Transformation 
Plan and adopted a multi-dimensional, multi-year adjustment programme in 2020, through four main strategic 
pillars: (i) business model enhancement, (ii) operational adjustment, (iii) capital preservation, and (iv) Group 
simplification. 
(a) 
The business model enhancement focuses on strengthening customer-oriented banking services and 
improving proximity relationships in a more comprehensive channel mix, on strengthening financing to the 
economy by supporting the financial needs of households and SMEs, and on developing distribution capacity 
and complementary margin in order to reinforce the profitability of Banco Montepio's domestic operation. 
(b) 
The operational adjustment focuses on accelerating Banco Montepio's digital transition, through the adoption 
of best market practices, both in terms of customer experience and operational efficiency. In line with the 
simplification of Banco Montepio Group's activity, the operating and customer service model is being 
adjusted, namely aiming to: 
(i) 
Strengthen the business model, reinforcing the focus on products with greater added value for the 
customer;  
(ii) 
Accelerate the digital transition, both in internal processes and in customer relationship platforms;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
(iii) 
Increase efficiency, namely by reviewing internal processes and regulations;  
(iv) 
Adjust the distribution model by merging geographically redundant branches; and  
(v) 
Implement new concepts and new ways of working, valuing collaboration and flexibility and promoting 
a better balance between personal and professional life. 
As part of the optimisation of distribution channels, Banco Montepio pursued the resizing of its branch 
network according to geographical coverage, profitability and market size, without prejudice to the adequate 
coverage of the customer base and business stability – since the end of 2019, Banco Montepio closed 91 
branches (39 in 2020, 37 in 2021 and 15 in 2022), materialising savings in operating costs. 
At the same time, Banco Montepio approved the resizing of the workforce through a number of measures, 
including early retirement, mutual agreement terminations and labour flexibility measures to accommodate 
new forms of work, such as part-time and remote work. In order to provide the best conditions and support 
to employees who wish to join the voluntary programme, the Ministry of Labour, Solidarity and Social Security 
authorised the extension of the quota for eligibility for social protection in unemployment to 400 employees. 
The measures implemented contributed to a net reduction in the Banco Montepio Group's workforce by 556 
employees compared to the end of 2019. 
(c) 
Regarding capital preservation, Banco Montepio improved its capital ratios by adopting several measures 
aimed at reducing Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) through efficient management of the loan and securities 
portfolio and divestment in non-performing assets. 
2022 was a year of consolidation of the growing capital trajectory, with the total capital ratio reaching 16.2 
per cent., above the overall capital requirement (OCR) and the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), benefiting from the 
conclusion of the first synthetic securitisation of mortgage loans made in Portugal with a positive impact of 
0.36 percentage points of the capital ratio.  
Also worthy of note was the preservation of profitability, with net income reaching €33.8 million in 2022, 
maintaining the growth trajectory that began in 2021.  
Additionally, there was a favourable evolution of the NPE ratio which set at 5.2 per cent. in 2022, through the 
reduction trend of the NPE stock, driven by the outcome of the recovery of important loans, but without 
conditioning the favourable evolution of capital ratios, and which supported the upgrade of the risk ratings 
assigned in 2022. 
Banco Montepio also met the objectives outlined in the real estate risk reduction plan for 2022, having 
recorded a net deleveraging of the real estate portfolio of €181.4 million in 2022, and with the ratio of real 
estate to net assets reaching 2.1 per cent., bringing forward the commitment assumed for the end of 2024.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(d) 
Regarding the simplification of the Banco Montepio Group’s structure, the adjustment measures are aimed 
at disposing of shareholdings in the domestic and international markets, as well as modernising and 
streamlining the Banco Montepio Group's internal procedures.  
In the international markets, Banco Montepio concluded the liquidation of Banco MG Cabo Verde on 30 
September 2022 and estimates the closing of the sale of its 29.2 per cent. participation in Finibanco Angola 
S.A. during 2023. 
In the domestic market, the Banco Montepio Group's Board of Directors approved the integration of the activity of 
Banco Empresas Montepio into Banco Montepio, which should occur during 2023.  
In 2022, Banco Montepio materialised the benefits from the restructuring efforts, with a structural impact on the 
organisation, which allows to proceed with the execution of the strategic initiatives in the 2023-2025 period and 
ensure the business sustainability, notwithstanding the challenging macroeconomic and financial context, marked 
by geopolitical tensions and the change in the economic and financial context.  
The measures included in the action plan reinforce the four strategic objectives that support Banco Montepio's 
action, in line with the mission statement approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders – (i) maximization of 
operating income, (ii) digital transformation, (iii) operational adjustment, (iv) capital preservation and (v) 
simplification of governance – and consider 5 vectors of analysis identified in view of the challenges of the current 
context, within the preparation of the multi-year budget – retail, companies, organization, processes and IT, talent 
and social economy. 
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions  
In 2019 Banco Montepio established a partnership with IBM to introduce artificial intelligence and cognitive 
technology tools as part of its programme to introduce digital transformation and to optimise customer experience 
and business processes.  
To accelerate Banco Montepio’s innovation and automation strategy, in 2022 the Issuer reinforced the automation 
and reengineering of processes, progressed in data collection and processing models, adjusted its service model, 
optimised customer journeys and improved cybersecurity mechanisms. 
M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio's Automated Real-time Interaction Assistant), the voice-answering virtual agent which 
operates using artificial intelligence and that is able to carry out virtual conversations with customers to resolve calls 
without the need to resort to a human operator, continued to progressively expand its customer service capacity and 
its ability to understand Customers' intentions, improving contact execution and providing Customers with a more 
empathetic and personalised experience, contributing to a gradual increase in trust in Banco Montepio. 
M.A.R.I.A. began by activating debit and credit cards, rapidly moving on to receiving orders for balance and 
movement enquiries (accounts and cards), transfers between Banco Montepio's accounts, interbank transfers and 
immediate transfers. At the end of 2022, M.A.R.I.A. recorded a customer service satisfaction score of 83 per cent., 
which was slightly higher than at the end of 2021.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Current Activities 
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core business 
focused on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad. 
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and services, such as 
mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment management services and the 
provision of credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers’ financial needs. As a comprehensive and 
diversified group, it provides its retail and corporate customers (the latter of which mainly consists of SMEs and 
middle market companies) with a universal offer of complementary products and services through its domestic 
distribution network. 
The Issuer has also been offering international transactions to its Portuguese customers, particularly by way of the 
provision of foreign currency, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on attracting deposits from 
non-resident Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group currently has five representative offices in 
Paris, Toronto, Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark.  
Analysis of Issuer’s financial performance 
2022 consolidated activity and results (audited)  
Banco Montepio has been carrying out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation of an 
economically sustainable business model to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and enable the organic growth 
of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continues to deleverage its balance sheet, which resulted 
in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real estate exposures. In addition, the Issuer's liquidity position 
was strengthened by attracting and retaining customer deposits and actively managing its securities portfolio to 
meet regulatory capital and liquidity requirements.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and deposits 
to credit institutions payable on demand and Other 
loans and advances to credit institutions ............  
3,264 
1,542 
-1,722  
-52.7% 
Loans and advances to customers .......................  
11,668 
11,713 
45  
0.4% 
Securities portfolio and other financial assets* ..  
3,339 
4,387 
1,049  
31.4% 
Non current assets held for sale and Investment 
Properties ............................................................  
142 
73 
-69 
-48.7% 
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ...........................................................  
0 
200 
199  
46,411.8% 
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets .........  
467 
420 
-47  
-10.1% 
Other ...................................................................  
834 
771 
-62  
-7.5% 
Total assets .........................................................  
19,713 
19,106 
-607 
-3.1% 
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from other 
credit institutions ................................................  
3,457 
3,232 
-226 
-6.5% 
Deposits from customers ....................................  
12,787 
13,115 
328 
2.6% 
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt ....  
1,834 
824 
-1,011 
-55.1% 
Non current liabilities held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ...........................................................  
0 
102 
101  
30,817.0% 
Other ...................................................................  
271 
314 
43  
16.0% 
Total liabilities ....................................................  
18,350 
17,587 
-763 
-4.2% 
Share capital ........................................................  
2,420 
2,420 
0 
0.0% 
Legal reserve, Fair value reserves, Other reserves and 
Retained earnings and Non-controlling Interests  
-1,063 
-934 
129 
-12.1% 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to 
the Shareholders .................................................  
7 
34 
27 
414.4% 
Total Shareholder's equity .................................  
1,363 
1,519 
156 
11.5% 
Total liabilities and Shareholder's equity ...........  
19,713 
19,106 
-607 
-3.1% 
 
* 
Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of Principal 
and Interest). 
 
Capital 
In 2022, Banco Montepio implemented a set of measures aimed at improving capital ratios, namely through the 
reduction of RWA, focusing on the deleveraging of its balance sheet through divestment in non-performing or non-
strategic assets, and on the growth of its core business of lending in segments with lower risk, with the objective of 
maximising the return on equity. 
RWA maintained its downward trajectory, recording a decrease of €524 million compared to the end of 2021, despite 
the business growth, mainly due to the reduction of non-core assets as well as the completion of a new securitisation 
transaction, under the synthetic format, which focused on a mortgage loan portfolio, completed on 21 December 
2022. The reduction of the stock of Non-Performing Loans, of real estate and of investment units, contributed notably 
to the reduction of RWA, together with a recomposition of the balance sheet, which benefited from an efficient

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
management of risk allocation in the credit portfolios, with a different credit risk profile and lower consumption of 
underlying capital. 
Total own funds increased to €1,343 million as of 31 December 2022, compare to €1,328 million as of 31 December 
2021, reflecting the favourable evolution of net income for the year, with an impact on the reduction of deferred tax 
assets, as well as the exchange rate reserve due to the appreciation of the Kwanza against the Euro and the U.S. 
Dollar, which more than offset the unfavourable impacts of the phasing-in of IFRS 9. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, pursuant to 
the phasing-in rules, reached 13.7 per cent. and 16.2 per cent., respectively, compared to 12.7 per cent. and 15.1 
per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2021.  
On a fully implemented basis, as of 31 December 2022, the CET1 ratio was 13.2 per cent. and the Total Capital ratio 
was 15.7 per cent. The difference between the fully implemented capital ratios and the phasing-in capital ratios was 
mainly due to IFRS 9 phasing-in. As of 31 December 2019, the Issuer had completed the implementation of the 
deferred tax regime and is only subject to completing the transition to IFRS 9. Furthermore, Banco Montepio has 
endorsed the prudential filter relating to the fair-value reserves of public debt, the impact of which is negligible. 
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, amounted to 5.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, compared 
to 5.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, which is above the minimum benchmark defined by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (3 per cent.).  
In accordance with the provisions in force on 31 December 2022, the Overall Capital Requirements (OCR), which 
include the combined buffer requirements, were 9.08 per cent, 11.19 per cent. and 14.01 per cent for Common 
Equity tier 1, Tier 1 and Total Capital, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the capital ratios reported by Banco 
Montepio were above the required prudential levels, with significant buffers in relation to the OCR, including the 
combined buffer requirements, not only under the phasing in criteria, but also on a fully implemented basis. 
Notwithstanding, the Board of Directors remains committed to the reinforcement of capital ratios and will maintain 
a set of initiatives to this end (such as the continuous reduction of the NPE and real estate assets exposure). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's own funds and capital ratios as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total own funds (€ millions) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
1,122 
1,135 
13 
1.2% 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
1,122 
1,136 
14 
1.3% 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
1,328 
1,343 
15 
1.1% 
Risk-weighted assets .......................................................  
8,800 
8,276 
(524) 
(5.9%) 
Phasing-in ratios ..............................................................  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
12.7% 
13.7% 
 
1.0 p.p. 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
12.7% 
13.7% 
 
1.0 p.p.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
15.1% 
16.2% 
 
1.1 p.p. 
Fully implemented ratios ................................................  
  
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ......................................................  
11.8% 
13.2% 
 
1.4 p.p. 
Tier 1 ................................................................................  
11.8% 
13.2% 
 
1.4 p.p. 
Total Capital .....................................................................  
14.2% 
15.7% 
 
1.5 p.p. 
Leverage ratios ................................................................  
  
  
Phasing-In .........................................................................  
5.6% 
5.9% 
 
0.3 p.p. 
Fully implemented ...........................................................  
5.1% 
5.6% 
 
0.5 p.p. 
 
The table below sets out a summary of the Issuer’s capital requirements as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022, under phasing-in: 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
Share capital 
2,420,000 
2,420,000 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair 
value reserves and other reserves and retained earnings 
(1,069,770) 
(911,956) 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
4,007 
3,496 
Other regulatory adjustments 
(232,716) 
(376,156) 
1,121,521 
1,135,384 
Tier 1 Capital 
 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
199 
763 
1,121,720 
1,136,147 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
Subordinated debt 
206,323 
206,323 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
199 
420 
206,522 
206,743 
Total own funds 
1,328,242 
1,342,890 
Own funds' requirements 
 
Credit risk 
606,992 
563,133 
Market risk 
0 
14,375 
Operational risk 
50,841 
49,752 
Other requirements 
46,165 
34,851 
703,998 
662,111 
Prudential ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
12.7% 
13.7% 
Tier 1 ratio 
12.7% 
13.7% 
Total Capital ratio 
15.1% 
16.2% 
A General Meeting was held on 10 February 2023 and an unanimous decision was taken on the reformulation of the 
equity items with the special purpose of reinforcing the funds susceptible of regulatory qualification as distributable, 
with a view to covering negative retained earnings, by reducing share capital by €1,210,000,000.00, without changing 
the number of existing shares and without altering the total equity value.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
This change will not have any impact on the amount of own funds of the Issuer since it does not imply any changes 
in the total equity, as demonstrated in the below calculations of capital requirements considering this change: 
31 December 2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
Share capital 
1,210,000 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair value 
reserves and other reserves and retained earnings 
298,044 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
4,007 
Other regulatory adjustments 
(376,156) 
1,135,895 
Tier 1 Capital 
 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
763 
1,136,658 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
Subordinated debt 
206,323 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
420 
206,743 
Total own funds 
1,343,401 
Own funds' requirements 
 
Credit risk 
563,133 
Market risk 
14,375 
Operational risk 
49,752 
Other requirements 
34,851 
662,111 
Prudential ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
13.7% 
Tier 1 ratio 
13.7% 
Total Capital ratio 
16.2% 
 
Customers' resources 
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has developed a series of initiatives aimed at targeting new and retaining current, 
customer resources, under its liquidity risk management strategy.  
Total customers' resources amounted to €14,477 million as of 31 December 2022, of which €13,319 million 
correspond to total on-balance customers' resources, with 98.5 per cent. referring to deposits from customers.  
As of 31 December 2022, Deposits from customers amounted to €13,115 million, predominantly made up of 
individual customers deposits representing 73.4 per cent. of total deposits.  
In 2022, deposits from customers increased €405 million in comparison with 2021 (restated), with term deposits 
increasing by €135 million and sight deposits increasing by €271 million. The deposits from customers maintained 
the trend in sight deposits/term deposits mix, which was 51 per cent. / 49 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 (compare 
to 50 per cent./50 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 (restated)).

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
As of 31 December 2022, securities placed with customers amounted to €204 million, compared to €209 million as 
of 31 December 2021 (restated).  
Off-balance sheet resources reached €1,158 million as of 31 December 2022, compared to €1,045 million recorded 
as of 31 December 2021 (restated) (an increase of 10.8 per cent.). The positive difference was due to the increases 
recorded in the Real Estate Investment Funds (€118 million increase) and in the securities investment funds (€5 
million increase), which more than offset the reduction recorded in the pension funds (€8 million reduction) and in 
the Capitalisation insurance (€2 million reduction). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
CUSTOMERS’ RESOURCES 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 
31 December 2021 
 
(restated)* 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Deposits from customers ........................ 
12,787 
12,710 
13,115 
328 
2.6 
Sight Deposits(1) ........................................ 
6,428 
6,366 
6,637 
209 
3.3 
Term Deposits(2) ....................................... 
6,359 
6,343 
6,478 
119 
1.9 
Securities placed with Customers ............ 
209 
209 
204 
(5) 
(2.1) 
Total On-Balance sheet resources ........... 
12,996 
12,919 
13,319 
323 
2.5 
Off-Balance sheet resources .................... 
1,045 
1,045 
1,158 
113 
10.8 
Total Customers' resources ..................... 
14,041 
13,964 
14,477 
436 
3.1 
(1) corresponds to Deposits repayable on demand, Other deposits and Adjustments from operations at fair value option 
(2) corresponds to Term deposits and Saving accounts 
* Customers’ resources as of 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited 
 
Issued Debt 
As of 31 December 2022, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt decreased by €1,011 
million (55.1 per cent. reduction) to stand at €824 million, compared to €1,834 million recorded as of 31 December 
2021, as a result of the decrease in covered bonds (€888 million reduction) which includes the maturity of series 10 
(€750 million) and the repurchases occurred in 2022 (€134 million), and in securitisations (€123 million reduction). 
Liquidity 
In 2022, Banco Montepio continued to promote management measures aimed at upholding the robust liquidity 
position, with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force. The management of Banco Montepio's balance sheet 
led to the LCR reaching 249.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, compared to a ratio of 264.1 per cent. recorded as 
of 31 December 2021, thus standing 149.6 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent.  
Additionally, the Issuer maintained a comfortable stable funding base, determined by the outlined funding structure, 
namely through recourse to medium and long-term instruments, which enabled the NSFR to stand at 125.0 per cent., 
in line with the value of 125.3 per cent. recorded on 31 December 2021. 
The performance of Deposits from customers and the growth of Loans and advances to customers led to a loan-to-
deposit ratio (Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers), calculated in accordance with the Banco

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
de Portugal Instruction no. 16/2004, of 89.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, compared to 91.5 (restated) per cent. 
as of 31 December 2021. The table below sets out the Issuer's liquidity ratios as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
LOAN TO DEPOSITS RATIOS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021* 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 
December 2022 / 
31 December 
2021 
 
(restated) 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (a) ....... 
91.2 
91.5 
89.3 
(1.9) p.p. 
Loans and advances to customers / Total on-balance sheet 
customers' resources (b) ...................................................................... 
81.0 
81.2 
85.4 
4.4 p.p. 
(a) In compliance with Instruction of the Banco de Portugal 16/2004, as amended. 
(b) Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Deposits from customers and Debt securities issued, as published in the Financial Statements. 
* Loan to deposit ratios as of 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
 
The total value of the pool of eligible assets as of 31 December 2022 increased by €1,747 million as compared to 31 
December 2021. As of 31 December 2022, the value of the pool of collateral for Eurosystem operations amounted 
to €5,555 million, compared to €3,808 million as of 31 December 2021. At the end of 2022, this pool included 
marketable assets, namely eligible debt instruments, amounting to €5,030 million, and non-marketable assets, such 
as eligible credit rights granted to Non-Financial Corporations and Public Sector Entities, namely bank loans and 
drawn credit lines, amounting to €525 million. Additionally, there was a decrease of €1,555 million in the deposits 
with the Banco de Portugal for the year ended 31 December 2022 (amounting to €1,234 million) when compared 
with the year ended 31 December 2021, to the detriment of the investment in eligible assets.  
The use of ECB resources as of 31 December 2022 increased by €26 million to €2,984 million compared to the amount 
as of 31 December 2021, within an efficient funding management, with a view to reinforcing stable funding, with a 
positive impact on the NSFR ratio. The use of Eurosystem monetary policy operations falls under the support given 
to the economy, with a view to optimising the long-term funding, namely through participation in Targeted Longer-
term Refinancing Operations, in the context of the non-conventional expansionary monetary policy measures 
implemented by the ECB. In terms of available collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets 
increased by €1,721 million to an amount of €2,571 million as of 31 December 2022. The liquidity buffer, derived 
from the sum of the Cash and deposits in central banks and the available liquidity resulting from the pool of ECB 
eligible assets, exceeded the €3.9 billion threshold at the end of 2022, therefore, contributing to the strengthening 
of the liquidity ratios and to the liquidity of the Issuer. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing operations with the ECB as of 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Pool of eligible assets (a) ................................................... 
3,808 
5,555 
1,747 
45.9 
Use of the pool(b) ............................................................. 
2,958 
2,984 
26 
0.9 
Pool of available assets .................................................. 
850 
2,571 
1,721 
>100 
(a) Includes eligible assets, free of onus, for operations in the Collateralised Interbank Market. 
(b) Includes monetary policy operations and SICOI. These figures include also off-balance sheet items. 
Asset Quality  
As of 31 December 2022, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to €12,068 million, representing a 
decrease of 0.6 per cent. compared to €12,141 million as of 31 December 2021 (restated). The decrease in Gross 
loans and advances compared to 31 December 2021 was due to the €320 million reduction of non-performing loans 
within the deleverage strategy, notwithstanding Banco Montepio's commitment to supporting families, companies 
and social economy entities. Thus, excluding the NPL component, gross performing loans grew by €246 million 
compared to the end of 2021 (2.2 per cent. increase). 
The decrease in the loan portfolio was recorded at the same time as the improvement in credit quality indicators, 
which benefited from a rigorous credit risk policy, as well as from the measures that were approved and adopted in 
the credit monitoring and recovery areas. Thus, as a result of the actions that have been implemented, and 
notwithstanding the increase at the end of 2022, both in the number of new contracts that went into default (67 per 
cent. increase) and the amount in default (93 per cent. increase), compare to 2021, the values remained below those 
recorded in the pre-moratorium period, -25 per cent. and -61 per cent., respectively, compared to the end of 2019. 
The decrease in Gross loans and advances to customers was driven by a decrease in loans to individuals of €126 
million (2.0 per cent. reduction), of which €99 million in mortgage loans (1.7 per cent. reduction) and €27 million in 
other loans (3.6 per cent. reduction). Banco Montepio's Gross loans’ performance was also impacted by the €5 
million increase in the corporate segment (0.1 per cent. increase). 
Noteworthy was the positive business performance in Corporate loans, with a weight of 47.6 per cent. of the total 
gross loan portfolio (47.1 per cent. in 2021), as a result of internal measures adopted, revealing initiative capacity 
and business recovery potential, in a context of economic slowdown and increase in reference interest rates. On the 
other hand, there was a lower performance in the Individuals segment, with mortgage loans representing 88.2 per 
cent. of this segment and showing a higher level of repayment compared to the new operations raised.  
It should be noted, however, that Banco Montepio's volume of corporate loans was influenced by the reduction in 
the amounts lent to the construction and real estate activities sector, thus reducing the heavy weight of this sector 
(from 25.5 per cent. in 2019 to 17.2 per cent. in 2022) and conferring greater balance to the sectoral distribution of 
credit (the weight of loans to manufacturing industries changed from approximately 16 per cent. in 2019 to 20.6 per 
cent. in 2022).

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Within the scope of Banco Montepio's adjustment programme, the improvement of credit quality is also based on a 
more effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising recoveries and by 
corporate finance solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of individuals, companies (especially 
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)) and Social Economy entities. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
 
(By sector of activity) 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Individuals ...................................................................... 
6,453 
6,327 
(126) 
(2.0) 
Housing loans .................................................................. 
5,680 
5,581 
(99) 
(1.7) 
Others ............................................................................. 
773 
746 
(27) 
(3.6) 
Corporate ........................................................................ 
5,736 
5,741 
5 
0.1 
Manufacturing industries ................................................ 
1,031 
1,185 
154 
15.0 
Wholesale and retail trade .............................................. 
860 
886 
26 
3.1 
Construction and Real estate activities ........................... 
1,065 
990 
(75) 
(7.0) 
Accommodation and catering activities .......................... 
596 
569 
(27) 
(4.5) 
Financial and insurance activities .................................... 
493 
372 
(121) 
(24.6) 
Transportation and storage ............................................. 
393 
385 
(8) 
(2.0) 
Business Services ............................................................. 
367 
406 
39 
10.3 
Other collective service activities .................................... 
340 
379 
39 
11.6 
Others ............................................................................. 
592 
569 
(23) 
(3.9) 
Gross loans and advances to customers ........................ 
12,189 
12,068 
(122) 
(1.0) 
Impairment for credit risks ............................................. 
522 
355 
(167) 
(32.1) 
Loans and advances to customers .................................. 
11,668 
11,713 
45 
0.4 
As of 31 December 2022, the Loans and advances to customers included receivables assigned to the cover pool 
relating to Banco Montepio's covered bond programme, which amount to €2,753 million. This represented an 
increase from the €2,747 million registered as of 31 December 2021. Loans that were subject to securitisation and 
not derecognised on the balance sheet amount €776 million, compared to €994 million as of 31 December 2021. 
On 31 December 2022, the credit granted by the Banco Montepio Group to its shareholders and related parties 
amounted to €25,375 thousand (€12,214 thousand as of 31 December 2021). The execution of transactions between 
the Banco Montepio Group and its shareholders or related natural or legal persons is always subject to deliberation 
and appreciation by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, under the terms of Article 20 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), at the proposal of the commercial network and supported by an 
analysis and opinion, issued by the Risk Division, on compliance with the limit established in Article 109 of the Credit 
Institutions General Regime. The impairment for credit risk for these contracts amounts to €62 thousand on 31 
December 2022 (€362 thousand as of 31 December 2021).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 made it more difficult to reduce 
non-performing loans by tightening market conditions for selling NPLs and reducing the ability of the non-financial 
private sector to service debt, making it more difficult to clear NPLs through cures. Despite these challenges, Banco 
Montepio reduced the weight of NPE to total gross loans and advances to customers to 5.2 per cent. as of 31 
December 2022 (compared to 7.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2021). This was due to the decrease in NPEs to €631 
million as of 31 December 2022 compared to 31 December 2021. The NPE ratio net of loan impairment stood at 2.3 
per cent. on 31 December 2022, evolving favourably compared to the 3.6 per cent. recorded at the end of 2021. 
In 2022, Banco Montepio reinforced the coverage of NPEs by impairment for credit risk and associated collateral and 
financial guarantees to 100.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, compared to 95.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, 
while the coverage by impairments for credit risks amounted to 56.1 per cent., compared to 53.8 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated)* 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers .................  
12,189 
12,141 
12,068 
(122) 
(1.0) 
Past due loans and advances and interest - more 
than 90 days(*) .........................................................  
 
361 
 
358 
 
270 
(91) 
(25.2) 
Impairment for credit risks .....................................  
522 
512 
355 
(167) 
(32.1) 
Ratios (%) 
  
  
  
  
 
Cost of credit risk ....................................................  
0.4 
0.4 
0.1 
(0.3) 
p.p. 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days .  
3.0 
2.9 
2.2 
(0.8) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross loans 
and advances to customers ....................................  
 
8.0 
 
7.8 
 
5.2 
 
(2.8) 
 
p.p. 
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans and advances 
to customers ...........................................................  
 
5.1 
 
5.0 
 
4.3 
 
(0.8) 
 
p.p. 
Coverage by Impairments for credit risks (%) 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days .  
144.4 
143.0 
131.2 
(13.2) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a)......................................  
53.5 
53.8 
56.1 
2.6 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also including 
associated collaterals and financial guarantees (a) ..  
 
96.0 
 
95.9 
 
100.8 
 
4.8 
 
p.p. 
(a) EBA definition. 
* Loan quality figures as of 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer's past due loans and advances and interest amount stood at €278.6 million or 
2.3 per cent. of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers, compared with €402.9 million or 3.3 per cent. as 
of 31 December 2021. 
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, by type 
of customer and purpose, is as follows:

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
(€ thousand) 
Corporate 
Construction/Production.......................................................................... 
55,818 
33,270 
Investment ............................................................................................... 
190,187 
141,395 
Working capital(1) ..................................................................................... 
88,822 
56,017 
Other ........................................................................................................ 
17,667 
11,009 
Retail 
  
  
Mortgage loans ........................................................................................ 
27,587 
15,809 
Consumer credit ....................................................................................... 
16,366 
17,767 
Other ........................................................................................................ 
6,475 
3,358 
(1) corresponds to “Treasury” 
402,922 
278,625 
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest as of 31 
December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2022: 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
(€ thousand) 
Past due loans and advances and interest 
Less than 90 days ..................................................................................... 
41,504 
8,415 
More than 90 days ................................................................................... 
361,418 
270,210 
402,922 
278,625 
 
In the context of Banco Montepio’s strategy of rebalancing its asset structure, Banco Montepio proceeded with the 
identification and implementation of measures aimed at improving the liquidity levels and active management of 
the Portfolio of securities and other instruments.  
As of 31 December 2022, the securities portfolio and other financial assets amounted to €4,387 million, compared 
to €3,302 million as of 31 December 2021 (restated). 
In analysing the securities portfolio by type of instrument, there was a year-on-year increase of €1,128 million in 
bonds and other debt instruments, which includes Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Greek public debt, that led to an 
increase of 32.9 per cent. in the portfolio of securities and other instruments as compared to 31 December 2021. 
As was the case at year-end 2021, the portfolio of securities and other instruments as of 31 December 2022 was 
mostly comprised of bonds and other debt instruments, whose weight in the total portfolio increased to 95.6 per 
cent. In turn, the proportion of participation units and commercial paper decreased to 3.1 per cent. and equities 
decreased to 0.6 per cent. of the portfolio. 
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group’s credit risk exposure as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022: 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
(€ thousand) 
Loans and payables at credit institutions payable on demand .........................  
67,360 
52,287 
Other loans and advances to credit institutions ...............................................  
229,065 
106,376 
Loans and advances to customers ....................................................................  
11,667,688 
11,713,097 
Financial assets held for trading .......................................................................  
7,582 
21,697 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ..........................................  
9,768 
8,970

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
(€ thousand) 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ...............  
101,128 
76,252 
Hedging derivatives ..........................................................................................  
5,411 
-  
Other financial assets at amortised cost ..........................................................  
3,004,196 
4,119,387 
Other assets .....................................................................................................  
76,406 
81,939 
Guarantees .......................................................................................................  
479,831 
462,194 
Irrevocable credit lines .....................................................................................  
694,072 
720,589 
Revocable credit lines ......................................................................................  
845,581 
908,210 
17,188,088 
18,270,998 
Earnings 
In 2022, Banco Montepio recorded a positive consolidated Net income for the period attributable to the shareholders 
of €33.8 million compared to €6.6 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, achieving six consecutive quarters 
with positive net results, supported by business growth, improved operational efficiency and a reduction in the cost 
of risk. 
In 2022, Net income benefited from the positive contribution of Operating income, particularly Net interest income 
and Net commissions, from the reduction of Operating costs and from lower Impairment charges and provisions, 
particularly those related to credit risk. 
The benefits of the operational adjustment programme are particularly visible in the favourable evolution of staff 
costs, even excluding the impact of the restructuring costs recorded in 2021 and 2022.  
In turn, the improvement in the cost of risk, evidencing the quality of credit origination in recent years, resulted in 
lower allocations to impairments and provisions. 
On the other hand, there was an increase in regulatory contributions, namely on the banking sector and to the 
resolution funds, which totalled €25.9 million in 2022 (€22.7 million in 2021), representing an expressive burden on 
income before tax. 
The table below sets out certain the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 (restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net interest income (1) .................................................. 
243.5 
232.6 
251.5 
18.9 
8.1 
Net fee and commission income (2) ................................ 
116.3 
114.7 
120.5 
5.8 
5.1 
Core total operating income ((1)+(2)) ............................ 
359.8 
347.3 
372.0 
24.7 
7.1 
Dividends from equity instruments ................................. 
1.8 
1.8 
1.0 
(0.8) 
(45.8) 
Results from financial operations .................................... 
10.8 
10.8 
12.0 
1.2 
11.0 
Other results(a) ................................................................. 
6.6 
7.8 
(14.9) 
(22.7) 
(292.0) 
Total operating income (3) ............................................. 
379.0 
367.7 
370.1 
2.4 
0.6 
Staff Costs ....................................................................... 
164.2 
159.1 
152.6 
(6.5) 
(4.1) 
General and administrative expenses ............................. 
64.7 
61.3 
59.7 
(1.5) 
(2.5) 
Depreciation and amortization ....................................... 
35.3 
34.1 
34.0 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
Operating costs (4) ......................................................... 
264.1 
254.4 
246.4 
(8.0) 
(3.2) 
Operating costs, excluding specific impacts(b) ................ 
249.4 
239.8 
235.8 
(4.0) 
(1.7)

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 (restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net operating income before provisions and impairments 
((3)-(4)) ............................................................................ 
114.9 
113.3 
123.7 
10.4 
9.2 
Net provisions and impairments ..................................... 
80.5 
82.9 
44.5 
(38.4) 
(46.3) 
Share of profits/(losses) booked under the equity method .....  
0.0 
0.0 
0.5 
0.5 
17,875.2 
Profit/(loss) before income tax ...................................... 
34.4 
30.4 
79.7 
49.3 
162.4 
Income tax ...................................................................... 
25.3 
24.9 
35.6 
10.7 
42.7 
Profit / (loss) after income tax from continuing operations ...  
9.2 
5.4 
44.1 
38.7 
710.0 
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations ..................... 
(1.5) 
2.3 
(13.0) 
(15.2) 
(674.1) 
Non-controlling interests ................................................ 
1.1 
1.1 
(2.7) 
(3.8) 
(337.0) 
Consolidated net income for the period attributable for the 
shareholder .................................................................... 
6.6 
6.6 
33.8 
27.2 
414.4 
(a) Other results is comprised by “Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets” and “Other operating income / (expense)” 
(b) Excluding the amount related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses arising from the operational adjustment 
measures (€14.7 million in 2021 and €10.5 million in 2022). 
Total operating income increased to €370.1 million in 2022, compared to €367.7 million recorded in 2021 (restated). 
This represented an increase of 0.6 per cent. benefitting from the increases in Net interest income (€18.9 million 
increase), Net fee and commission income (€5.8 million increase) and Results from financial operations (€1.2 million 
increase), despite the unfavourable evolution of Other results (€22.7 million reduction), penalised by the significant 
weight of regulatory contributions and the costs of revaluation of liability items. 
Net interest income reached €251.5 million, compared to €232.6 million in 2021, essentially reflecting the increases 
in Commercial net interest income, which benefited from the increase in market interest rates, favouring the 
operating profitability and the repricing of the loan portfolio, and the increase in the securities portfolio, reflecting 
the impact of the investment strategy, namely the acquisition of foreign and domestic public debt.  
In 2022, there was an increase of the interest on the loans to customers portfolio by €8.5 million in comparison with 
2021 (restated), due to the price effect, and there was a decrease of the interest from the customers’ deposits 
portfolio by €2.6 million, as a result of the price management of new deposits and of the renewal of existing deposits, 
and of the increase in the proportion of sight deposits. Net interest income in 2022 was also positively impacted by 
the increase of €8.1 million observed in interest in the securities portfolio in comparison with 2021 (restated), which 
reflected the increase of the average interest rate from 0.2 per cent. in 2021 to 0.4 per cent. in 2022, and the increase 
of the volume of the securities portfolio.  
The funding strategy and the investment of liquidity was decisive in compensating for the unfavourable effects on 
net interest income, benefiting from the minimum interest rate on the TLTRO on compliance with the net lending 
benchmark. In addition, there was an active management of the pricing of new deposits, as well as the renewal of 
existing deposits, and an increase in the proportion of demand deposits.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
31 December 2021 
(restated) 
31 December 2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest and similar income 
Loans and advances to customers .......................................................................  
250,095 
258,588 
Deposits from central banks and other loans and advances to credit institutions 
 
23,810 
22,572 
Other financial assets at amortised cost .............................................................  
5,247 
13,161 
Financial assets held for trading ..........................................................................  
8,112 
127 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................  
6,580 
5,210 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................  
896 
1,057 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .............................................  
96 
135 
Other interest and similar income.......................................................................  
10 
2 
294,846 
300,852 
Interest and similar expense 
  
  
Other subordinated debt ....................................................................................  
19,939 
19,334 
Deposits from customers ....................................................................................  
9,608 
7,045 
Debt securities issued .........................................................................................  
8,761 
6,841 
Financial liabilities held for trading .....................................................................  
7,764 
  
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions ..................................  
7,753 
8,579 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................  
2,050 
2,781 
Lease liabilities ....................................................................................................  
466 
592 
Other interest and similar expense .....................................................................  
5,922 
4,190 
62,263 
49,362 
Net interest income ............................................................................................  
232,583 
251,490 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Net interest margin arose to 1.37 per cent., compared to 1.29 per cent. in 
2021, benefitting from the context of rising market interest rates, notwithstanding the highly competitive 
environment in the granting of loans, as well as the change in the portfolio structure to lower risk, which continued 
to affect the performance of this indicator, but with the counterweight of the optimisation of capital consumption, 
both through the cost of credit risk and through the Risk Weighted Assets. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest margin for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. 
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST MARGIN 
31 December 2021 (restated) 
31 December 2022 
 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
Interest – generating assets 
Deposits at central banks and other credit 
institutions .....................................................  
2,185 
(0.3) 
(7.3) 
1,631 
1.1 
18.5 
Other loans and advances to other credit 
institutions .....................................................  
296 
0.0 
0.1 
387 
1.0 
4.1 
Loans and advances to customers ..................  
12,329 
2.0 
250.1 
12,215 
2.1 
258.6 
Securities portfolio .........................................  
2,934 
0.2 
6.3 
3,877 
0.4 
14.3 
Other assets at fair value(1) .............................  
10 
1.0 
0.1 
9 
1.4 
0.1 
Other (includes derivatives) ...........................  
0 
0.0 
14.6 
0 
0.0 
5.2 
Interest and similar income ............................  
17,753 
1.5 
263.8 
18,120 
1.6 
300.9 
Interest – generating liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Deposits from ECB ..........................................  
2,532 
(0.9) 
(23.6) 
2,899 
0.3 
8.0 
Deposits from other credit institutions ..........  
814 
0.0 
0.3 
373 
0.1 
0.6 
Deposits from customers ...............................  
12,461 
0.1 
9.6 
12,879 
0.1 
7.0

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
31 December 2021 (restated) 
31 December 2022 
 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
Interest 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
Senior debt .....................................................  
1,307 
0.7 
8.8 
1,305 
0.5 
6.8 
Subordinated debt .........................................  
216 
9.1 
19.9 
216 
8.8 
19.3 
Other (includes derivatives)(2) ........................  
0 
0.0 
16.2 
0 
0.0 
7.6 
Interest and similar expense ..........................  
17,331 
0.2 
31.2 
17,673 
0.3 
49.4 
Net interest income .......................................  
  
1.29 
232.6 
  
1.37 
251.5 
(1) 
Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and similar 
income. 
 (2) 
Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities and other 
interest and similar expense. 
 
Within the scope of the adjustment programme, the strategy outlined to increase commissions is supported by an 
adequate pricing policy adjusted to the service provided, as well as a broad offer of financial solutions to meet the 
needs of clients taking into account their age and financial profile, making Banco Montepio the client's first or main 
bank, thereby increasing the client base and the level of client loyalty to Banco Montepio. The aim of this strategy is 
to increase the number of transactions and in turn the ability to charge commissions. The Net fee and commission 
income increased from €114.7 million in 2021 (restated) to €120.5 million in 2022, representing an increase of 5.1 
per cent., notwithstanding the effect of moratoria and applicable legislation regarding the charging of credit 
commissions, and the customer support measures implemented by Banco Montepio such as the suspension of 
commissions associated with some payment services. This evolution was due to the higher income related to credit 
operations (€2.1 million increase), to account maintenance and management (€1.6 million increase) and to payment 
services (€1.3 million increase), reflecting the implementation of a set of initiatives aimed at adapting the Banco 
Montepio’s value proposition to the service provided to customers. 
Results from financial operations 
The Results from financial operations reached €12.0 million in 2022, reflecting an increase of €1.2 million compared 
to the €10.8 million accounted in 2021 (restated), due to the higher results from foreign exchange revaluation of 
€1.7 million, the net increase of derivative instruments and the fair value of financial assets and liabilities of €4.1 
million, partially offset by the decrease in income from the securities portfolio of €3.9 million. 
It should be noted that in 2022, income from financial assets and liabilities valued at fair value through profit or loss 
reflects the impacts of the revaluation of covered bond hedging, both of the instrument and the derivative, and 
incorporates the change in the value of credit operations that do not comply with the Solely Payment of Principal 
and Interest (“SPPI”) criteria.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss............... 
(0.3) 
(0.3) 
(0.2) 
0.0 
17.5 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income ....... 
2.0 
2.0 
1.4 
(0.6) 
(28.9) 
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange 
differences ................................................................. 
9.0 
9.1 
10.8 
1.7 
19.2 
Results from financial operations ............................. 
10.8 
10.8 
12.0 
1.2 
11.0 
of which: net capital gains obtained on the results 
from sales of Portuguese sovereign bonds ................. 
1.5 
1.5 
(1.0) 
(2.5) 
(168.0) 
 
Operating costs for 2022 amount to €246.4 million, representing a reduction of €8.0 million (3.2 per cent. reduction) 
compared to 2021 (restated), capturing the synergies resulting from the implementation of the staff adjustment 
plan measures (early retirements and mutual agreement terminations) and the reduction of non-strategic assets (in 
this case only in 2021). Excluding this effect, operating costs decreased by €4.0 million (1.7 per cent. reduction) 
compared to 2021. 
Staff costs in 2022 reached €152.6 million, reflecting a decrease of €6.5 million (4.1 per cent. reduction) compared 
to the amount of €159.1 million accounted in 2021 (restated). These costs incorporate the charges assumed with 
the early retirement and mutually agreed termination programme, including Pension Fund components, 
compensation payments and health care costs. Excluding these impacts, staff costs decreased by €3.2 million 
compared to 2021 (2.2 per cent. reduction). 
General and administrative expenses stood at €59.7 million in 2022, reflecting a decrease of €1.5 million compared 
to 2021 (restated) (2.5 per cent. reduction), supported by lower spending on Communication costs (€1.9 million 
reduction), on Other specialised services (€1.0 million reduction), on Independent work (€0.6 million reduction) and 
on Water, energy and fuel (€0.5 million reduction), which offset the increases in the items IT services (€1.0 million 
increase), Advertising costs (€0.8 million increase), Maintenance and repairs (€0.5 million increase) and 
Transportation and Travel, accommodation and entertainment expenses (€0.7 million increase). Excluding the non-
recurring costs incurred with the write-down of non-strategic assets recorded in 2021 (€0.9 million), General and 
administrative expenses decreased by €0.7 million in 2022 (1.0 per cent. reduction).  
Depreciation and amortisation amount to €34.0 million in 2022 (€34.1 million in 2021 (restated)), materialising the 
investments made under the global IT and digitalisation strategy.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
The cost-to-income ratio, excluding the non-recurring costs related to the staff adjustment measures and the costs 
incurred with the reduction of non-core assets, in this case only in 2021, as well as the more volatile components of 
results, such as the Results from financial operations and Other results (Results from the sale of other assets and 
Other operating income), stood at 63.2 per cent. compared to 68.7 per cent. in 2021, reflecting the combined effect 
of the increase in Core Operating Income and the reduction in Operating Costs. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
OPERATING COSTS 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Staff Costs ................................................................... 
164.2 
159.1 
152.6 
(6.5) 
(4.1) 
General and administrative expenses ......................... 
64.7 
61.3 
59.7 
(1.5) 
(2.5) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................... 
35.3 
34.1 
34.0 
(0.0) 
(0.1) 
Operating costs ........................................................... 
264.1 
254.4 
246.4 
(8.0) 
(3.2) 
Operating costs (comparable)(a) ................................. 
249.4 
239.8 
235.8 
(4.0) 
(1.7) 
Efficiency ratios 
  
  
  
  
  
Cost-to-income (Operating costs (comparable) / Total 
operating income) (a) .................................................... 
65.8% 
65.2% 
63.7% 
(1.5) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating 
income) (b) .................................................................... 
69.7% 
69.2% 
66.6% 
(2.6) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts (c) ............. 
73.0% 
72.9% 
66.1% 
(6.8) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts and 
adjustment costs (d)...................................................... 
69.0% 
68.7% 
63.2% 
(5.5) 
p.p. 
(a) 
Excludes the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €14.7 million in 2021 and of €10.5 million in 2022, driven by 
the adjustment programme. 
(b) 
Pursuant to the Banco de Portugal Instruction 16/2004, in its current version. 
(c) 
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income). 
(d) 
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income) and 
the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €14.7 million in 2021 and of €10.5 million in 2022, driven by the 
adjustment programme. 
 
Impairments and provisions 
The Impairment and provisions charges continued their downward trend, totalling €44.5 million in 2022, 
representing a decrease of €38.4 million (46.3 per cent. reduction) compared to 2021 (restated), a year in which, as 
in 2020, there was still the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease observed in 2022 is supported mainly 
by the reduction of Impairment of loans and advances to customers and credit institutions by €38.0 million, and to 
a lesser extent, by the decrease in Impairment of other financial assets by €2.1 million and in Impairment of other 
assets by €6.1 million, along with the increase in Other provisions by €7.8 million.  
In 2022, Impairment of loans and advances to customers and credit institutions (net of reversals) stood at €13.4 
million, compared to €51.4 million in 2021 (restated) (€38.0 million reduction), determined fundamentally by the 
lower allocation of impairment for risk of loans and advances to customers (charge for the year net of reversals),

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
€22.0 million in 2022, compared to €52.6 million in 2021 (restated) (€30.6 million reduction), a year still impacted 
by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, both in the forward looking component and through moratoria and stage 
transitions. The evolution of Impairment of loans in 2022 also benefited from the higher level of loan recovery and 
interest on loans already written off from the assets, which reached the value of €8.5 million compared to €4.8 
million in 2021 (restated). The favourable evolution of Impairment of loans determined a reduction in the cost of 
credit risk to 0.1 per cent., compared to 0.4 per cent. at the end of 2021. The Impairment allocation for loans to 
credit institutions also decreased from €7.4 million in 2021 (restated) to €1.5 million in 2022. 
The aggregate of Other impairments and provisions, related to other financial assets, other assets and provisions, 
amount to €31.1 million in 2022 and compares with €31.5 million recorded in 2021 (restated), essentially reflecting 
the reinforcement of impairments for real estate properties for trading and the provisions charges for the off-
balance exposures. 
Impairment of other financial assets amount to €2.3 million as a result of the reinforcement associated to the 
acquisition of public debt (essentially Italian and Spanish) for the portfolio of other financial assets at amortised cost.  
Regarding Impairment of other assets, the amount disclosed in 2022 reached €24.9 million (€31.0 million in 2021 
(restated)), because of the allocations made for the properties for trading (€22.5 million) and the provisioning 
related to the process of branches’ closure (€1.4 million).  
The Other provisions amount to €3.9 million in 2022 (-€3.9 million in 2021 (restated)), and result from the provisions 
charges net of reversals for guarantees and commitments exposures by €3.2 million and for other risks and charges, 
namely legal proceedings by €0.7 million. 
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit 
institutions .................................................................................  
54.3 
51.4 
13.4 
(38.0) 
(74.0) 
Impairment of other financial assets .........................................  
(0.2) 
4.4 
2.3 
(2.1) 
(47.0) 
Impairment of other assets ........................................................  
31.0 
31.0 
24.9 
(6.1) 
(19.8) 
Other provisions.........................................................................  
(4.6) 
(3.9) 
3.9 
7.8 
(200.6) 
Net provisions and impairment ................................................  
80.5 
82.9 
44.5 
(38.4) 
(46.3) 
 
 
 
 
International activity

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. and Banco MG Cabo Verde (the latter, until 30 September 2022).  
Finibanco Angola is a universal bank supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign 
trade with special focus on transactions between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its competitive 
advantage on the quality of its service. Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise and finance individual 
customers and micro-enterprises, promoting viable business initiatives. It was incorporated on 4 September 2007 
and started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 June 2008. The expansion of the distribution network, levered on 
experience and the favourable evolution of its activity, has been accomplished through own funding, in the 
perspective of proximity to its customers, which include a total of 20 branches and corporate centres as of 31 
December 2022, having closed four branches at the beginning of 2021 with a view to optimising its distribution 
channels. 
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus on 
domestic operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.6 per cent. of the 
share capital of Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments will be settled over the 
time. Under this agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. and 1.15 per cent. of the share 
capital of this subsidiary in 2017 and 2018, respectively and, as of 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio held 80.2 per 
cent. of its share capital.  
In a public announcement on 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio stated that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A. agreed to the sale of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola to Access Bank Plc, a commercial 
bank based in Lagos, Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African continent, and on 30 June 2023 it was 
completed the sale of a stake representing 51 per cent. of its share capital and its voting rights, while maintaining a 
participation of 29.2 per cent. of its share capital, whose sale process is being completed as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, subject on the approval of the supervisory and regulatory entities and is expected to be settled during 
the second half of 2023.  
The sale value of the 51 per cent. stake was 15,790,115 thousand kwanzas. The sale of this participation has an 
estimated positive impact of 16 b.p. on capital ratios. In accordance with the international accounting standards, the 
sale of the 51 per cent. stake triggers the loss of control over the subsidiary and allows the deconsolidation of the 
whole participation held on FNBA in the consolidated financial statements with reference to 30 June 2023. In 
accordance with the provisions of IAS 21, this deconsolidation entails the recycling of the estimated negative foreign 
exchange reserve of 116 million euros to the caption "Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations" (with an estimated 
negative global impact of 105 million euros in the consolidated income statement compared to the figures disclosed 
with reference to 31 March 2023), but does not entail any change in the Banco Montepio Group's equity.  
Banco MG Cabo Verde was 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio. Considering the new legal framework of Cape 
Verde and having considered all relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio’s Board of Directors concluded that it

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
would not promote the necessary changes to adapt its subsidiary Banco MG Cabo Verde, as a bank with generic 
authorisation. 
Therefore, through an unanimous written resolution dated 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole shareholder, 
approved the procedural initiatives established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and liquidation of Banco 
MG Cabo Verde, having also approved the respective dissolution plan and appointed the liquidators. Under the terms 
of the dissolution plan, the liquidators prepared the final accounts accompanied by the complete liquidation report 
and the project for the distribution of the remaining assets, having the process of dissolution and voluntary 
liquidation been completed on 30 September 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, foreign operations represented 1.0 per cent. of total assets, 0.3 per cent. of total loans and 
advances to customers and 0.7 per cent. of total customer resources. Additionally, as of 31 December 2022 Banco 
Montepio maintained its five representative offices (Frankfurt, Geneva, Paris, Newark and Toronto) which seek to 
ensure the Issuer's continued presence in Portuguese communities living abroad. 
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group’s international 
business. 
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 Change 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total assets ..................................................................................  
265.5 
267.5 
2.0 
0.7 
Loans and advances to customers (net) .......................................  
49.0 
42.8 
(6.2) 
(12.6) 
Deposits from customers .............................................................  
164.7 
177.2 
12.6 
7.6 
Total operating income ................................................................  
14.3 
23.1 
8.8 
61.9 
Operating costs ............................................................................  
13.7 
12.8 
(0.9) 
(6.5) 
Cost-to-Income ............................................................................  
96.1% 
55.5% 
(40.6 p.p.)  
Net income ...................................................................................  
8.8 
8.9 
0.1 
1.1 
Notes:  
For comparative purposes: the financial statements of Dec-2021 and Dec-2022 of Finibanco Angola were converted using the same exchange 
rate: EUR/AOA 537.438. 
Since 30 November 2021, Banco MG Cabo Verde has been in the process of voluntary dissolution and liquidation, completed on 30 September 
2022. 
The Total assets of the international activity of Banco Montepio Group reached €267.5 million on 31 December 2022, 
compared to €265.5 million at the end of 2021 (€2.0 million reduction). This evolution reflects the liquidation of 
Banco MG Cabo Verde, which produced a reduction of €9.5 million, and the €11.4 million increase in Total assets of 
Finibanco Angola, influenced by the increase in the heading Other tangible assets (€14.9 million increase), which 
more than offset the reduction observed in Loans and advances to customers (€6.2 million reduction). 
On 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio Group’s net income from international activity reached €8.9 million (€8.8 
million on 31 December 2021), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange rate effects.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Loans and advances to customers (net) of the international activity as of 31 December 2022 showed a decrease of 
12.6 per cent. compared to 31 December 2021, decreasing from €49.0 million as of 31 December 2021 to €42.8 
million as of 31 December 2022.  
Deposits from customers of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group amounted to €177.2 million as 
of 31 December 2022, an increase of 7.6 per cent. compare to €164.7 million as of 31 December 2021.  
The Total operating income of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to €23.1 
million, compared to €14.3 million in 2021. This represents an increase of 61.9 per cent.  
The Operating costs of the international activity amounted to €12.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2022, a 
6.5 per cent. decrease compared to the €13.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2021.  
As a result of the operating performance, the Cost-to-income ratio of the international activity was 55.5 per cent. in 
the year ended 31 December 2022, compared to 96.1 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
The total Assets of Finibanco Angola as of 31 December 2022, totalled €267.5 million, compared to €256.0 million 
recorded at the end of 2021 (4.5 per cent. increase). This evolution was mainly influenced by the increase in Other 
assets, which more than offset the decrease noted in Loans and advances to customers. 
Loans and advances to customers (net) decreased to €42.8 million as of 31 December 2022, representing a decrease 
of 12.6 per cent., from €49.0 million as of 31 December 2021. Customer deposits, as of 31 December 2022, stood at 
€177.2 million, compared to €164.7 million as of 31 December 2021, representing an increase of 7.6 per cent. 
As of 31 December 2022, Operating income reached €23.1 million, representing an increase of €9.3 million (67.6 per 
cent. increase) compared to the amount recorded in 2021, driven by the increases recorded in Net interest income 
(€4.3 million increase), in Net commissions (€0.6 million increase) and in Foreign exchange revaluation results (€4.8 
million increase). 
Operating costs stood at €12.8 million in 2022 decreasing €0.4 million (3.2 per cent. reduction) when compared to 
the amount recorded in 2021. The reduction in Operating costs in 2022 was due to the decrease in Staff costs (1.7 
per cent. reduction) and in General administrative costs (14.9 per cent. reduction), which more than offset the 
increase in Depreciation and amortisation (23.5 per cent. increase), when compared to 2021. 
As a result of operating performance, Finibanco Angola's cost-to-income ratio stood at 55.5 per cent. in 2022, 
compared to 96.1 per cent. in 2021.  
In 2022, the net income of Finibanco Angola increased to €8.9 million (€7.5 million in 2021), without considering 
non-controlling interests and exchange rate effects. 
Key indicators 
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators for 2021 and 2022.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
  
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 restated(1) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 
December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
(restated)(1) 
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS (€ million) 
  
  
  
  
Total assets  
19,713 
19,713 
19,106 
(3.1%) 
Gross loans and advances to customers (a) 
12,189 
12,141 
12,068 
(0.6%) 
Deposits from customers  
12,787 
12,710 
13,115 
3.2% 
Consolidated net income 
7 
7 
34 
414.4% 
SOLVENCY (b) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  
12.7% 
12.7% 
13.7% 
1.0 p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio  
12.7% 
12.7% 
13.7% 
1.0 p.p. 
Total Capital ratio  
15.1% 
15.1% 
16.2% 
1.1 p.p. 
Leverage ratio  
5.6% 
5.6% 
5.9% 
0.3 p.p. 
Risk weighted assets (€ million)  
8,800 
8,800 
8,276 
(5.9%) 
LIQUIDITY RATIOS 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) 
264.1% 
264.1% 
249.6% 
(14.5 p.p.) 
Net stable funding ratio (NSFR) 
125.3% 
125.3% 
125.0% 
(0.3 p.p.) 
LOAN TO DEPOSIT RATIOS 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from 
customers (c)  
91.2% 
91.5% 
89.3% 
(2.2 p.p.) 
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet 
customer resources (d)  
81.0% 
81.2% 
85.4% 
4.2 p.p. 
CREDIT QUALITY 
Cost of credit risk  
0.4% 
0.4% 
0.1% 
(0.3 p.p.) 
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days  
3.0% 
2.9% 
2.2% 
(0.7 p.p.) 
Coverage of loans and interest - overdue by more than 90 
days by Impairment for Credit Risks  
144.4% 
143.0% 
131.2% 
(11.8 p.p.) 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) / Gross loans and 
advances to customers  
8.0% 
7.8% 
5.2% 
(2.6 p.p.) 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks  
53.5% 
53.8% 
56.1% 
2.3 p.p. 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks and associated collaterals and 
financial guarantees  
96.0% 
95.9% 
100.8% 
4.9 p.p. 
Forborne exposures (d) / Gross loans and advances to 
customers  
5.1% 
5.0% 
4.3% 
(0.7 p.p.) 
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
Total operating income / Average total assets (c)  
2.0% 
1.9% 
1.9% 
0.0 p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (c)  
0.2% 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.2 p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (c)  
2.4% 
2.4% 
4.7% 
2.3 p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) 
(c)  
69.7% 
69.2% 
66.6% 
(2.6 p.p.) 
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment 
costs (f) 
69.0% 
68.7% 
63.2% 
(5.5 p.p.) 
Staff costs / Total operating income (c)  
43.3% 
43.3% 
41.2% 
(2.1 p.p.) 
EMPLOYEES AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK (Number) 
Employees 
Group Banco Montepio  
3,478 
3,478 
3,406 
(72) 
Banco Montepio  
3,121 
3,121 
3,043 
(78) 
Branches 
261 
261 
246 
(15) 
Domestic network - Banco Montepio  
 
 
 
 
   Of which: BEM Corporate Centres  
7 
7 
7 
0 
International Network  
20 
20 
20 
0 
Finibanco Angola (g)  
20 
20 
20 
0

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio  
5 
5 
5 
0 
1)  Balance sheet figures as of 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
(a)  Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risks. 
(b)  Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios include the accumulated net income for the year. 
(c)  Pursuant to the Banco de Portugal Instruction 16/2004, in its current version. 
(d)  Total on-balance sheet customer resources = Deposits from customers and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with the Financial 
Statements annexed to this report. 
(e)  EBA definition; with reference to 2022 and 2021 restated for comparative purposes, the indicators do not include Finibanco Angola (entity 
subject to the application of IFRS 5). Considering Finibanco Angola, the NPE ratios, NPE coverage for loan impairment and NPE coverage for 
loan impairment, associated collateral and financial guarantees and forborne exposures, with reference to 2022, would stand at 5.3 per cent., 
56.5 per cent., 103.9 per cent. and 4.4 per cent. respectively. 
(f)  Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and other 
operating income), and the amount related to staff costs and general administrative expenses generated by the operational adjustment 
measures of +€14.7 million in 2021 and +€10.5 million in 2022. 
(g)  Includes corporate centres.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
1Q 2023 consolidated activity and results (unaudited and not reviewed)  
Banco Montepio presented a positive consolidated net income of €35.3 million in the first quarter of 2023, an 
increase of €23.9 million compared with €11.4 million in the same period of 2022, in a context of greater operational 
efficiency with cost-to-income ratio standing at 50.2 per cent., and of significant improvement of balance sheet risk 
with NPE ratio breaching the 5 per cent. threshold by standing at a low 4.8 per cent. 
This favourable performance was determined by the increase in operating income, particularly net interest income 
and commissions and the greater reversal of the cost of impairments and provisions, particularly those related to 
credit risk – notwithstanding the weight of regulatory mandatory contributions to the banking sector which 
amounted to €11.3 million. 
The results achieved in the first quarter of 2023 allowed capital ratios to be strengthened to levels comfortably above 
regulatory requirements, with a significant increase in profitability embodied in a ROE (Return on Equity) of 9.3 per 
cent. 
Core operating income reached €122.9 million, an increase of €39.9 million year-on-year, with net interest income 
growing 70.4 per cent. and commissions 8.7 per cent. 
Customer deposits amount to €12.7 billion, with the Individuals segment representing 73 per cent. of the total. 
Cost of credit risk of -0.5 per cent., which compares to 0.1 per cent. recorded in 2022, supported by the increase in 
the quality of the loan portfolio. 
Reduction of NPE by €74 million (11 per cent. reduction) compared to 31 December 2022, with a NPE ratio decrease 
to 4.8 per cent., comparing favourably with the 7.8 per cent. recorded on 31 March 2022, representing a decrease 
of 0.5 percentage points in the quarter and the largest annual decrease in the ratio (3.0 percentage points reduction) 
of the last 7 years. The NPE ratio, net of impairments for credit risks, stood at 2.0 per cent. The NPE coverage by 
impairments was reinforced to 58.6 per cent. (56.5 per cent. on 31 December 2022) and to 106.5 per cent. (103.9 
per cent. at the end of 2022) if collaterals and financial guarantees are considered. 
Reduction in exposure to real estate to €363 million (8.8 per cent. year-on-year reduction), weighing less than 2.0 
per cent. of total assets (2.1 per cent. at the end of 2022), thereby achieving one of the goals outlined in the strategic 
plan. 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio (including the accumulated net income for the period9 ) at 13.6 per cent. (0.9 
percentage points year-on-year increase) under phasing-in and at 13.5 per cent. (1.3 percentage points year-on-year 
increase) fully implemented. Total capital ratio (including the accumulated net income for the period) at 16.1 per 
cent. (1.1 percentage points year-on-year increase) under phasing-in and at 16.0 per cent. (1.4 percentage points 
year-on-year increase) fully implemented. 
 
Ratios not including net income, with reference to 31 March 2023 are: CET1 13.1 per cent., Tier 1 13.2 per cent., Total Capital 15.7 per cent. and 
Leverage 5.9 per cent. (phasing-in) and CET1 13.0 per cent., Tier 1 13.1 per cent., Total Capital 15.6 per cent. and Leverage 5.8 per cent. (fully 
implemented).

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Liquidity buffer of €3.3 billion, reflecting a comfortable liquidity position. LCR stood at 219.0 per cent. and the NSFR 
stood at 121.3 per cent. 
Technology 
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and innovative services 
to its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese market. 
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, current 
accounts processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and credit cards, saving 
accounts and inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day of the week and no failure or 
breakage in the service occurs solely due to any matter related to batch processing.  
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: “Core System” and “Distributed Systems”. The Core System 
corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux platforms where most 
departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud solution based in VMWARE and 
HYPER-V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation and virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, 
which in turn increased operational efficiency, reduced production time and infrastructure-related efforts and costs. 
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access to new 
applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of “Load Balancers NetScalar” and 
application virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery speed and quality of 
applications for an end user. The product helps business customers perform tasks such as traffic optimisation, load 
balancing, and web application acceleration while maintaining data security. It also performs several kinds of caching 
and compression. The benefits of application virtualisation include ease of maintenance and greater portability, 
making programs easier to deploy across several versions of Windows. Another one of the benefits of application 
virtualisation is that applications that depend on custom drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes 
deploying upgrades and patches easier. 
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, Microsoft 
Teams, Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune. 
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS solution 
empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning marketing and sales 
activities for its customers.  
These service integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer in what 
regards to user and application accessibility management. 
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated on a 
continuous basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-cluster 
Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection mechanisms, geographic 
balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are present in its own infrastructure with 
multi-user interconnections to assure that all national and international communications and their contents are 
served in Lisbon or Porto, providing protection against failures in the event of interruptions in local or regional 
networks, power outages or natural disasters. 
One key component of the security infrastructure is the SOC service. The SOC is the 24x7 single point of contact for 
monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised team with specialised skills. Its mission is to ensure 
continuous monitoring and improve the security level of the organisation while preventing, detecting, analysing and 
responding to cybersecurity incidents, backed by processes and technologies. Procedures are defined for major 
incidents to be appropriately escalated and to activate the DR/BC plan if needed and lessons learned activities are 
taken and documented from previous events and incidents. 
Remote access to Microsoft Cloud Services requires multifactor authentication. Some sensitive systems do not allow 
remote access. 
Access to Banco Montepio's network is segmented on the basis of employee access, customer access and access to 
certain third parties. Since the beginning of 2020, access to the internal network is granted through the Zscaler 
Private Access solution that uses the technology Zero trust network access. Zero trust network access gives users 
seamless and secure connectivity to private applications without ever placing them on the network or exposing apps 
to the internet.  
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local market, such 
as: 
• 
Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX Omnichannel platform; 
• 
An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24); 
• 
A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform; 
• 
Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting financial processes 
dematerialisation was implemented; 
• 
An Enterprise Data Warehouse which supports all needs related to Business Intelligence trends considering 
financial services; 
• 
Upgraded Operational CRM application with a revised 360º Customer Vision; 
• 
Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to develop a complete front-to-back solution with strong 
support for risk management and centralised administration and control; 
• 
In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System (Northland) has been implemented as well 
as a Filtering System (Fircosoft) for “funds transfer” operations and for clients;

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
• 
A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform aimed at responding to Banco de Portugal’s credit risk reporting 
requirements (CRC 5-G), aligned with EU Central Bank reporting legislation (AnaCredit). The project also 
included the development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with the Banco de Portugal, 
which included the implementation of the appropriate functionalities and controls to support the 
management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention. 
• 
Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation; 
• 
A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in Banco Montepio's APP M24, which incorporates 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; 
• 
A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow; 
• 
A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels; 
• 
The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures compliance 
with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2); 
• 
Opening of account and credit online for individuals; 
• 
System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net Promoter 
Score (NPS) system in every customer interaction with Banco Montepio; 
• 
Development of new IT platforms to support Anti-Money Laundering and Market Abuse processes, based 
upon SAS technology and specialised modules for those areas; 
• 
A Virtual Assistance Agent, based on Artificial Intelligence technology, which is the first point of contact with 
customers who use the Contact Center service, with the objective of increasing the efficiency and reduce 
costs in customer service; 
• 
Robot Process Automation, a new technological architecture for enabling the end-to-end automation of low-
value-added processes/activities, resulting in more satisfied customers and money-saving efficiencies for the 
Issuer; 
• 
Implementation of the 3-D SECURE TECHNOLOGY, provided by SIBS, that ensures the highest level of security 
in preventing fraud in cards payments; 
• 
Implementation of new fraud prevention and detection service for transactions carried out on the Issuer's 
multichannel platform, offered by Paywatch; and 
• 
APP Aprova – a new security solution for Strong Customer Authentication. 
It should be noted that Banco Montepio makes repeated warnings to its clients to not respond to phishing e-mail 
messages, to not follow the links and to not disclose the data of accounts, passwords, and credit card numbers.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
All Banco Montepio employees participate in a cybersecurity awareness and training program. In addition to e-
learning lessons, this program includes exercises, phishing simulations and workshops. 
Banco Montepio has not been the subject of a major cyberattack over the past 12 months which could harm or 
jeopardize its normal activity and business. 
Banco Montepio uses BitSight to assess risk scoring. BitSight provides a Security Ratings solution that offers a 
platform for quantifying the external cybersecurity posture of organizations using publicly accessible data and 
generating credit score-like rating between 250 and 900. In April 2023 Banco Montepio had a score of 770 which 
places the bank at the advanced level of security according to BitSight’s approach. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER CORPORATE AND GOVERNING BODIES OF THE ISSUER 
Board of Directors 
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 and 
started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of Banco de Portugal on 19 July 2022.  
The current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, and their accumulated positions within the 
consolidation perimeter of Banco Montepio Group (including additional responsibilities at commissions and 
committees) and outside the consolidation perimeter, are the following: 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Manuel Ferreira 
Teixeira  
Banco Montepio  
• Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Does not hold other positions  
Clementina 
Barroso  
Banco Montepio 
• Chairman of the Audit Committee  
• Member of the Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, 
Sustainability and Governance Committee  
• Greenvolt – Energias Renováveis, S.A. (Chairman 
of the Board of Directors; Chairman of the Audit, 
Risk and Related Parties Committee; Member of 
the Ethics and Sustainability Commission)  
•  
Eugénio Baptista  
Banco Montepio 
• Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Member of the Risk Committee 
• Member of the Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, 
Sustainability and Governance Committee  
Does not hold other positions

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Florbela Lima  
Banco Montepio 
• Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Member of the Audit Committee  
• Chairman of the Risk Committee  
Does not hold relevant positions outside Banco 
Montepio Group. 
Cândida Peixoto  
Banco Montepio 
• Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Member of the Audit Committee  
• Chairman of the Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, 
Sustainability and Governance Committee  
Does not hold other positions  
Maria Lúcia Bica  
Banco Montepio 
• Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Member of the Audit Committee, responsible for 
chairing the Whistleblowing Committee  
• Member of the Risk Committee  
Does not hold relevant positions outside Banco 
Montepio Group

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Pedro Leitão  
Banco Montepio 
• Chairman of the Executive Committee  
• Chairman of the Credit Commission  
• Chairman of the Business Commission  
• Chairman of the Sustainability Commission  
• Member of the ALCO* Committee  
• Member of the Internal Control Commission  
• Member of the Impairment Commission*  
• Member of the Non-Performing Assets 
Monitoring Commission*  
• Member of the Cybersecurity Commission  
• Member of the Technology Commission*  
• Member of the Data Commission*  
• Member of the Pension Fund Monitoring 
Commission*  
• Member of the Solvability Commission*  
• Member of the Costs and Investments 
Commission*  
* Optional presence  
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.  
• Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Montepio Investimento, S.A.  
• Chairman of the Board of Directors  
As a representative of Banco Montepio:  
• Member of Board A of APB – Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos (Portuguese Association of 
Banks)  
• Member of the General Board of AEM - 
Associação de Empresas Emitentes de Valores 
Cotados em Mercado

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Ângela Barros  
Banco Montepio 
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Chairman of the Impairment Commission  
• Chairman of the Solvability Commission  
• Member of the Credit Commission  
• Member of the ALCO Commission  
• Member of the Business Commission  
• Member of the Internal Control Commission  
• Member of the Cybersecurity Commission  
• Member of the Technology Commission  
• Member of the Data Commission  
• Member of the Non-Performing Assets 
Monitoring Commission  
• Member of the Pension Fund Monitoring 
Commission  
• Member of the Sustainability Commission  
• Member of the Costs and Investments 
Commission*  
* Optional presence  
Montepio Investimento, S.A.  
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
Does not hold other positions

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Helena Soares de 
Moura  
Banco Montepio 
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Chairman of the Pension Fund Monitoring 
Commission  
• Chairman of the Internal Control Commission  
• Member of the Business Commission  
• Member of the Cybersecurity Commission*  
• Member of the Data Commission*  
• Member of the Solvability Commission*  
• Member of the Sustainability Commission*  
• Member of the Costs and Investments 
Commission*  
• Member of the Credit Commission*  
* Optional presence  
As a representative of Banco Montepio:  
• Member of Board B of APB - Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos  
• Member of the Board of Directors of Montepio 
Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, A.C.E.  
 
 
Isabel Silva  
Banco Montepio 
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Member of the Credit Commission  
• Member of the ALCO Commission  
• Member of the Internal Control Commission*  
• Member of the Impairment Commission  
• Member of the Business Commission  
• Member of the Cybersecurity Commission*  
• Member of the Technology Commission  
• Member of the Data Commission*  
• Member of the Solvability Commission*  
• Member of the Sustainability Commission  
• Member of the Costs and Investments 
Commission*  
* Optional presence  
Montepio Investimento, S.A.  
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
Does not hold other positions

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
Jorge Baião  
Banco Montepio 
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Chairman of the Non-Performing Assets 
Monitoring Commission  
• Chairman of the Technology Commission  
• Chairman of the Cybersecurity Commission  
• Chairman of the Data Commission  
• Member of the Credit Commission  
• Member of the ALCO Commission  
• Member of the Business Commission  
• Member of the Impairment Commission  
• Member of the Internal Control Commission  
• Member of the Costs and Investments 
Commission  
• Member of the Solvability Commission*  
• Member of the Sustainability Commission* 
* Optional presence  
As a representative of Banco Montepio:  
• Plenary Meeting of CISP - Comissão Interbancária 
para os Sistemas de Pagamentos  
• Resilience and Cybersecurity Forum  
• Member of the Board of Directors of SIBS, SGPS, 
S.A.  
• Member of the Board of Directors of SIBS, 
Forward Payment Solutions, S.A.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Members of the 
Board of  
Directors  
Within the consolidation perimeter – Banco 
Montepio Group 
Relevant activities outside the consolidation 
perimeter  
José Carlos 
Mateus  
Banco Montepio 
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
• Chairman of the ALCO Commission  
• Chairman of the Costs and Investments 
Commission  
• Member of the Credit Commission  
• Member of the Business Commission  
• Member of the Impairment Commission  
• Member of the Internal Control Commission*  
• Member of the Non-Performing Assets 
Monitoring Commission  
• Member of the Pension Fund Monitoring 
Commission  
• Member of the Sustainability Commission  
• Member of the Cybersecurity Commission*  
• Member of the Data Commission*  
* Optional presence  
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.  
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
Montepio Investimento, S.A.  
• Executive Member of the Board of Directors  
Does not hold other positions

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
General Meeting Board 
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 and 
each member started their role on the same date, with the appointment lasting until 2025.  
The members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer are listed below: 
Name 
Relevant 
activities 
outside 
the 
consolidation perimeter 
António Manuel Lopes Tavares 
Chairperson 
Not applicable 
Audit Committee 
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 and each 
member started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of the Banco de Portugal on 19 July 2022, with the 
appointment lasting until 2025. The following are the members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer: 
Name 
Relevant activities outside the 
consolidation perimeter 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus 
Silva Barroso 
Chairperson 
Does not hold other positions 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Member 
Does not hold other positions  
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
Member 
Does not hold other positions  
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
Member 
Does not hold other positions  
Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Name 
 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
Chairperson 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva Barroso 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
Member 
Risk Committee 
Name 
 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Chairperson

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Name 
 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
Member 
Remuneration Committee 
Additionally, at the General Meeting held on 28 April 2023, the Banco Montepio’s shareholders also approved the 
election of the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting provided for in Article 11 c) of Banco Montepio’s 
Articles of Association. 
The members of the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting of the Issuer are the following: 
Name 
 
Paulo Câmara Pires dos Santos 
Chairperson 
António Miguel Lino Pereira Gaio 
Member 
Soledade Carvalho Duarte 
Member 
Statutory Auditor  
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at CMVM under 
number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, 
represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado (member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 1074 and with the CMVM under number 20160686), was elected as 
Statutory Auditor for the 2023-2025 period in the General Meeting held on 28 April 2023. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda is a member of the 
Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under no. 183. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda has no material interest in 
the Issuer. 
Conflicts of Interest 
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective boards, 
none of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests or 
other principal activities as listed above.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Business Addresses 
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members listed above 
is Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a material 
effect on the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. AND ITS 
RELATIONSHIP WITH MGAM 
The information disclosed below in relation to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista MGAM is presented for 
information only. MGAM is not responsible for payments on the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which 
are the sole responsibility of Banco Montepio. 
Banco Montepio is a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under the supervision 
of the Banco de Portugal. It has separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is MGAM, with 99.99 per 
cent. shareholding. MGAM has no responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio’s debts. For the avoidance of doubt, 
MGAM will not guarantee any Covered Bonds that may be issued pursuant to this Base prospectus. 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM (caixa económica anexa) with a view 
to paying MGAM its annual net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco Montepio’s Articles of 
Association) so as to enable MGAM to meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit association (associação 
mutualista).  
MGAM is a “private institution of social support” (i.e. a instituição particular de solidariedade social of the mutual 
benefits association type (associação mutualista)) whose principal goals are to promote and develop initiatives 
designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries 
nominated by them. MGAM is not permitted to carry out banking or trading activities. It is limited to its principal 
social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish subsidiaries and can invest its funds in a number of ways. It is 
subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As of 31 December 2022, the total number of MGAM’s 
permanent members was 606,483 (601,606 as of 31 December 2021). The welfare schemes which MGAM offers 
include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of 
housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective 
schemes. 
MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members’ savings plans 
(modalidades mutualistas). Those funds are invested in property and a number of different types of securities and 
equity participations, particularly financial institutions (including its interest in Banco Montepio). It also has co-
operation agreements with a variety of organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation 
of members’ social functions, publication of a members’ magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events 
and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio’s share capital or otherwise to support Banco 
Montepio.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Description of the Issuer’s residential mortgage business 
The Residential Mortgage Business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is one of the residential mortgage lenders in Portugal and has been operating in this business since long 
before the market was liberalised in 1991. Despite strong competition, the Issuer has been able to maintain its 
market position and recognition as a major player in this business. 
In order to defend its position as a mortgage specialist, it focuses on the quality of the service it provides to its 
customer base, adopting rigorous, ethical and transparent practices. 
All the loans must be secured by first ranking mortgage over the property to be purchased. In exceptional cases, this 
may be replaced by a guarantee over another property or by a pledge of securities/deposits. 
All loans must be repaid in instalments (comprising interest and principal) and paid by direct debit (the system 
automatically debits the customer's deposit account associated with the loan), usually on a monthly basis. 
The majority of residential mortgage loans pay interest on a floating rate basis, indexed to 3, 6 or 12 month EURIBOR, 
plus a spread, depending on the loan-to-value ratio and on the risk class assigned by the scoring system. 
In order to mitigate the risk, the underwriting criteria for mortgage loans is fully compliant with the Banco de 
Portugal’s macroprudential measures, meaning that: 
(i) 
Loan-to-value (the ratio between housing loan(s) and the minimum between the purchase price and the 
appraisal value of the house granted as collateral) <= 90 per cent. for new credits relating to residential 
immovable property for the purchase or construction of own permanent residence; <= 80 per cent. for 
other purposes than own and permanent residence; and <= 100 per cent. for purchasing immovable 
property booked in the balance sheet of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
DSTI (debt service-to-income ratio), the ratio between monthly instalments of total credit agreements 
and the borrower’s income, net of taxes and contributions to social security <= 50 per cent. (DSTI <= 60 
per cent. up to 10 per cent. of the origination, or no limit to DSTI up to 5 per cent. of the origination); 
(iii) 
The average maturity of new mortgage loan agreements should gradually converge to an upper limit of 
30 years, however maximum loan terms have been defined depending on the age of the borrower: 40 
year term for borrowers aged up to or equal to 30 years old; 37 year term for borrowers aged between 
30 and 35 years old; and 35 year term for borrowers older than 35 years old. 
In the most recent years, the Issuer has been focused in the mortgage sector which translates into the origination 
amounts that have been observed since mid-2020.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
 
Origination 
The Issuer’s residential mortgage loans are originated at the branch level, through direct contact with the borrowers. 
Although Banco Montepio requires all applications to be submitted at the branch level, an online portal is available 
as an additional tool to facilitate the contact between the customers and the bank. 
Notwithstanding the above, the customer must always have to visit a branch to apply for a loan and follow the 
standard application and approval process. 
At the branch level, the information required in accordance with internal credit guidelines (i.e. application forms, 
identification documents, informative questionnaires and official documents evidencing the customer's income), is 
collected, checked and entered into the application scoring system.  
The application scoring/rating system contains predefined validation rules that constitute the first phase of the 
underwriting and lending policy. 
Submission to Credit Analysis 
After validating the information, the branch submits the loan application to an independent credit risk analysis 
department, which collects and reviews the income and liability information. 
The credit analysis process for loans consists of an internally developed scoring model, which ranks loan applications 
on a scale of 1 to 18 classes according to their estimated probability of default. 
The credit scoring system automatically cross-checks internal and/or external databases for incidents and checks 
credit policies/rules (i.e. income and liabilities, limits to the LTV, limits to the DSTI; etc.). 
Credit analysis and Underwriting 
Following the risk analysis process, the loan application is filtered through the credit decision process. 
143
161
188
246
315
295
329
403
709
584
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
€Mn
Mortgage Loans Origination

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
The decision is normally taken at branch level. However, in cases of higher materiality or risk, the decision is taken 
collectively by the commercial departments and the Credit Risk Analysis Department (DAC). Depending on the type 
and amount of the loan and the risk classification (scoring grade), the decision may be taken by the Board of 
Directors. 
The proposals are submitted through a workflow system that automatically validates the competent level for 
decision. The approval of mortgage loans is the responsibility of four levels of management, involving the Branch, 
the Regional Department and Credit Analysis Department, the Commercial Manager and the Credit Analysis 
Manager and the Executive Board. 
The decision levels of credit approval are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1st Level: Branch (Loan amount limit): up to €150,000 (for higher risk scores) or up to €300,000 (for lower risk scores) 
and LTV not higher than 80 per cent. (second or holiday home), 90 per cent. (general rule) or 100 per cent. (when 
financing properties booked in the Issuer’s balance sheet). 
2nd Level: Regional Department and Credit Risk Analysis Department: from €350,000 (for higher risk scores) to 
€1,000,000 (for lower risk scores) and LTV not higher than 80 per cent., 90 per cent. or 100 per cent. (depending on 
the loan purpose). 
3rd Level: Commercial Manager and the Risk Analysis Manager: €500,000 (for higher risk scores) to €1,300,000 (for 
lower risk scores) and LTV not higher than 80 per cent., 90 per cent. or 100 per cent. (depending on the loan purpose). 
4th Level: Executive Board: Other cases 
Once a decision has been made by the relevant decision level, the customer is formally informed by mail. 
The applications rejected by the scoring model must be submitted to the DAC for further validation and analysis 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Supporting the 
branches on the 
decision process 
Evaluating the 
riskiness of the 
operation/client 
Submission of special 
situations to a higher 
level according to the 
defined credit rules 
Regional Departments / 
Credit Risk Analysis Dep. 
Analysis and 
approval of medium 
to large size 
operations 
Supporting the 
Regional 
Department’s 
Decision 
Communicating 
operations to the top 
decision levels 
Commercial Departments /  
Credit Risk Analysis Dep. 
Responsible for very 
large loan 
operations, 
according to the total 
amount and the 
client’s global 
exposure risk 
Deciding on a 
majority basis 
Meets at least once a 
week 
Board 
Collection of data 
Preparation of credit 
file 
Submission into the 
application scoring 
system 
Forward to the 
appropriate decision 
level, according to 
the credit rules 
Branch / Client Manager 
Loan amount:  
Up to – €1,000k 
Loan amount:  
Up to – €1,300k 
Loan amount:  
> €1,300k 
Loan amount:  
Up to €300k

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
before a final decision is taken. The DAC is an independent area of the commercial divisions and issues a binding 
opinion in the second and third levels of decision. 
Credit granting process and departments involved 
Marketing 
Operations Department 
Legal 
▪ Sets the global marketing plan 
▪ Sets the measures to be undertaken 
at the regional level 
▪ Sets the pricing for the credit 
operations, with inputs from the Risk 
Department supported in a risk 
adjusted pricing methodology 
▪ Reviewing 
and 
validating 
the 
documents  
▪ Formalization of the loans 
 
▪ Provides legal support 
▪ Undertakes litigious procedures 
▪ Supervises the binding conditions of 
the loan agreements 
▪ Draws-up 
the 
loan 
agreements, 
namely, 
those 
with 
underlying 
guarantees  
Risk Department 
Audit 
IT 
▪ Submits the Credit Policy guidelines 
and instruments to the approval of 
the Board of Directors 
▪ Monitors/Updates the Risk Models 
▪ Provides expertise of the credit 
analysts to the evaluation of credit 
applications and clients 
▪ Calculates risk-based pricing 
▪ Defines credit limits 
▪ Analyses large risks and levels of 
concentration by client, group and 
industry 
▪ Verification of the criteria that govern 
the credit granting to customers 
▪ Periodic revision of the appraisal of 
the credit portfolio 
 
▪ Provides data regarding the status of 
the loan agreements 
▪ Monitors the provisioning of the 
clients’ 
accounts 
for 
instalment 
payment purposes 
▪ Sends reminders to defaulting clients 
Model Validation 
▪ Manages model risk and validates the 
correction of deficiencies identified 
during the validation exercises 
▪ Classifies and assesses the risk tiering 
of each model in production 
▪ Performs periodic validations on 
models in production 
 
Mandatory Insurance 
Property insurance coverage is required in respect of any property which is the subject of a mortgage loan. The 
existence of fire or multi-risk insurance is compulsory for an amount equal to the property reconstruction value and 
with an insurance company approved by the Issuer. 
Life insurance is also compulsory, for an amount at least equal to the value of the loan and for all the borrowers, 
which, in case of death or permanent invalidity of the borrower, guarantees the payment of the outstanding capital 
to the Issuer. 
Monitoring 
The Issuer proceeds to the monitoring of the credit portfolio monthly. In that process, the Issuer closely analyses 
the performance of several indicators, which include the risk ratios and a set of quality indicators, such as debt to 
income, the loan-to-value ratio, and the risk class. The Issuer also performs regular revisions to the scoring models, 
to guarantee their accuracy. For that purpose, several indicators are analysed, such as the overrides and the 
acceptance and rejection rates.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Collateral requirements and appraisals 
An appraisal of the property is always required before granting a loan secured by property and its valuation is 
considered in the application decision process. The external appraisers are experts registered with the CMVM (the 
Portuguese Securities Markets Commission) and the Ordem dos Engenheiros (the Portuguese Association of 
Engineers). 
 
Appraisal 
 
Appraisal 
 
 
 
Branches 
Banco 
Montepio 
Appraisals 
Department  
 
Internal 
Appraisers 
External 
Appraisers 
Collateral Valuation 
Report 
Request 
Distribution 
 
 
 
Experts 
registered with 
the CMVM1 
and Ordem dos 
Engenheiros2 
(consider several 
factors: location, type 
of building, state of 
construction, land & 
construction values, 
dimension & 
insurance policy) 
 
(1) the Portuguese Markets Securities Commission 
(2) the Portuguese Association of Engineers 
 
The Appraisals Department comprises internal appraisers that manage the appraisals requests sent by the Branches 
and distribute it to the external appraisers. The appraisals requests and the respective valuation reports are 
processed and managed through an online portal. 
All relevant valuation data is permanently stored in a complete and comprehensive database created for that 
purpose 
Servicing 
Insurance and loan management’s costs are debited in the customer’s accounts along with the mortgage instalment. 
For loans in arrears, collections can also be made via home banking or ATM’s. 
At the instalment date, there is an automatic debit in customer’s account held with Banco Montepio. If the customer 
has enough funds, the debit succeeds, and a receipt is sent to the customer. If the customer doesn’t have enough 
funds, a reminder/letter is sent to the customer and daily automatic system attempts are triggered to debit the 
overdue funds, with an automatic report being produced and sent to the relevant branch management. 
Delinquency management in the mortgage business 
The Issuer’s residential mortgage business requires a strict and consistent management of delinquency, using 
multiple solutions to prevent and mitigate non-performing loans. 
The early identification of delinquency situations led to the creation of the concept of a customer in financial distress. 
A customer is in financial distress when the customer defaults on a payment due to the Issuer, or when the customer 
faces difficulty in paying expenses, even if the customer is not yet in default. In both cases, the customer has typically

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
experienced a reduction in disposable income, meaning an increase in the debt-to-income ratio compared with that 
observed at the time of underwriting. 
For these customers, the Issuer has improved its information systems in order to detect customers (i) with a partial 
default on at least one mortgage instalment; (ii) who have used the total negotiated overdraft limit in a two-month 
period; (iii) who have used the full credit limit on credit cards at least once in the last six months; (iv) who have 
an indication in the Banco de Portugal’s systems of loan being written-off, a non-performing loan or a loan being 
renegotiated in the Banco de Portugal. 
It also identifies customers whose direct debit payments are in arrears or whose direct debits have been settled. 
New legislation relating to default situations within the context of residential loan agreements was established from 
2012 onwards, which resulted in the adoption of new concepts for the characterisation of customers who are in 
economic difficulty and new measures aimed at preventing default and promoting out-of-court renegotiation of 
loans, applicable to credit institutions. 
Like other banks, the Issuer has implemented the pre-arrears action plan, with new rules, procedures and measures 
that allow for: early detection of signs of delinquency risk, implementing systems to identify default risk; monitoring 
of borrowers who report financial difficulties; the adoption of measures to prevent arrears; the evaluation of 
evidence of default risk; repayment solutions proposals, whenever the risk of delinquency is caused by temporary 
and specifically defined circumstances; evaluation of the customer’s financial capacity; proposals for restructuring 
contracts or consolidating credit agreements when the risk of default is considered to be permanent. 
The Issuer has also set-up a PERSI, with several measures designed to automatically identify customers in default 
and propose timely contractual modifications and restructuring, including: the notification to the borrower and 
guarantors of arrears and amounts due; registration of the reasons for delinquency and assessment of the financial 
capacity of the borrower; reporting clients about the evaluation of failure; contractual remedies proposals, adequate 
to each borrower’s financial situation.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
The Credit Recovery Unit was successfully restructured, and it has implemented lean processes leading to better 
efficiency levels since the early stages of default: 
 
Short-term 
management1 
Long-Term 
management 
Non-Litigious 
Solution 
Litigious 
Operating Areas 
Branches and Recovery Division 
Recovery Division 
NPL Gross Sales Unit 
Recovery Division 
NPL Gross Sales Unit 
Description and 
Purpose 
Respond to 
customers’ 
temporary cash 
shortages 
Respond to 
customers’ 
structural financial 
shortcomings 
Minimise losses to 
Banco Montepio 
when a customer is 
unable to repay 
When all attempts at 
negotiation have no 
effect 
Details 
contemplated per 
relevant customer 
▪ Payment holidays 
▪ Payment plans 
▪ Debt consolidation 
▪ Maturity change 
▪ Margin Adjustment 
▪ Deferred capital 
▪ Debt consolidation 
▪ Refinancing 
▪ Deed in lieu 
▪ Sale to third parties 
(e.g. fund, other 
company) 
▪ Capitalisation 
covered by 
guarantee 
▪ NPL Gross / Tailor 
Sales 
▪ Settlement with 
debt forgiveness 
▪ Enforcement / legal 
proceedings2 
▪ Advise to request 
special recovery 
plan (PER) 
▪ Capitalisation 
covered by 
guarantee 
▪ NPL Gross / Tailor 
Sales 
▪ Settlement with 
debt forgiveness 
Restrictions 
Without possibility of reducing guarantee 
(1) Also applicable to the commercial department (branch network) 
(2) During the Litigious phase, for enforcement and legal proceedings there is outsourcing of legal services to external legal agencies 
 
Arrears management in Pre-Litigation 
The first 60 days of arrears are managed at branch level. Letters are sent to debtors and guarantors at the time of 
the first missed payment, requesting repayment of the overdue amount. The branch network is informed of the 
arrears and is encouraged to contact the customer to regularise the situation. For loans with less than one month 
arrears, new settlement plans are drawn up and decided upon, followed by close monitoring of loan performance 
under the revised settlement plans. 
Contacts are also made via Contact Centre at the 10th, 30th and 45th day of arrears. The scripts vary and become 
more assertive as the time in arrears increases. 
All telephone contacts are recorded and registered in the Issuer's central system and, if necessary, meetings are 
arranged between the borrowers/guarantors and the relevant branches. 
The Issuer has also developed software and procedures for dealing with the customers who are eligible for PERSI, 
namely when the customer warns of the risk of default, communicates facts indicating a deterioration in its financial 
capacity or explicitly requests to be included in PERSI. For other customers, PERSI is triggered after 31 days of arrears.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
After 60 days in arrears the process is monitored by the Credit Recovery Division. Within the scope of the improved 
measures and procedures, a new organisational structure was implemented, and new credit delegation rules were 
put in place to shorten the decision process cycle. Additionally, Banco Montepio implemented a set of predefined 
cure approaches based on a decision tree process, on a loan-by-loan basis, tailored to each segment and loan 
characteristics, differentiating between short, medium and long term approaches. 
Several letters are sent to the borrowers and guarantors, as well as outbound calls to the borrowers and guarantors 
(all contacts are recorded and registered in a dedicated credit recovery software - SIRA), notifying them of the 
delinquency status of the loan and advising them of a new channel for payment (via net banking and ATMs) in 
addition to the standard direct debit procedure. In the following 30 days, all legal steps foreseen in PERSI are 
implemented, including contacts, letters and negotiations to resolve the arrears. Debt collectors are guided through 
a detailed process based on a decision tree in order to offer the borrower the most appropriate and feasible 
measures to cure the defaulted loan. Applicable solutions are broad in scope and can take several forms, including: 
➢ 
Short-term measures 
• 
Regularization plans for credit recovery; 
• 
Contractual modifications with grace periods for principal; 
• 
Contractual modifications with grace periods for principal and interest; 
➢ 
Long-term measures 
• 
Extension of the contractual maturity; 
• 
Deferral of part of the outstanding principal for the final instalment; 
• 
Customer's debt restructuring through a new contract with new warranties and / or guarantors; 
➢ 
Last attempt measures 
• 
Repayment of the loan by selling the collateral to a third party; 
• 
Repossession of the property (deed in lieu); 
• 
Inclusion in real estate rental funds 
After 180 days in arrears, if it is not possible to reach an agreement with the customer, then the legal process is 
initiated. Due to the current economic situation and to the difficulties faced by households, this period may be 
extended if necessary.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arrears Management - litigation 
The litigation process is usually initiated after six months of arrears; and since 2019, the litigation recovery process 
has been fully outsourced to law firms that handle the legal process through all its phases. 
Since the beginning of 2020, law firms have been evaluated on a monthly basis according to quantitative and 
qualitative standards that focus on service level agreement’s compliance (defined by type of litigation), technical 
quality of the recovery strategy adopted, and the amount of debt recovered. Law firms' fees are linked to recovery 
performance, measured in terms of recovery time and amount recovered, with a cap per process. 
The firm commissions external services based on business plans for the recovery process, with a success fee based 
on the amount recovered. 
 
 
First contact with borrower, either personally or by phone, or, if necessary, with guarantors 
Draw-up strategies to recover past due amounts and take a decision about it; for loans in arrears with less than 1 month 
there are standardized recovery solutions available to branches’ teams 
Monitor the evolution of the loans with the new settlement plans 
The commercial branch manages past due accounts until 60 days past due. All interactions are deemed necessary 
throughout the first 60 days to try and recover past due amounts 
After 60 days, the workout process is managed by the DRC 
P0 
Delinquency 
+ 0 days 
1
st Letter Borrowers 
2
nd Letter Borrowers  
& Guarantors 
Branches 
DRC 
Contacts with customers are recorded in a database (compliant with applicable legislation) easily accessible for monitoring 
purposes 
Branches Procedures (Stage 1) 
Draw up recovery 
strategies 
1.
Also applicable to the commercial department (branch network) 
2.
During the litigious phase, for enforcement and legal proceedings there is outsourcing of legal services to external 
P1 
Delinquency 
+ 30 days 
Delinquency 
+ 45 days 
P2 
Delinquency 
+ 60 days 
Stage 1

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regarding loan modifications within the scope of credit recovery: 
• 
The preferred route for credit recovery is always through resuming regular collection of the due amounts; 
• 
Whenever possible, financial collateral linked to the past due positions will be used to decrease the past 
due amount; 
DRC – Credit Recovery (Stage 2) and Litigation (Stage 3) 
Credit recovery is divided into 4 segments (individual, small business, mid-corporate and large corporate): 
Individual and small business - after 60 days, borrowers are appointed a Collection Manager, after 90 
days a Negotiation Manager, and After 6 months a Litigation Manager 
Mid-corporate and large corporate – specialized recovery is adopted, a single Manager monitors the 
entire process. Tailor made Business Plans and Recovery strategies are used for the recovery of these 
positions. 
The main goal is to settle the defaulted mortgage loans mainly out of the court 
Recovery strategies are usually accepted by Borrowers to recover the past due; when a jointly agreed 
solution is not feasible the delinquency will be dealt in court upon reaching 180d past due. All collateralized 
loans >= €1,500 and all non-collateralized loans >= €5,000 will be judicialized. For the loans that are not 
judicialized recovery will be attempted through injunction or external servicing 
Contacts and negotiations managed by specialists in credit recovery, and for some segments1, recovery 
procedures are outsourced through credit recovery companies (automatic distribution through daily 
electronic communications). Defaulting borrowers are automatically contacted through letters and SMS, 
as well as telephone and emails. The DRC team also holds in-person meetings to negotiate with client 
potential recovery strategies 
P2 
Delinquency 
+ 60 days 
Foreclosure 
procedure begins 
Credit recovery process (Stage 2) 
(1) Typically not applicable for mortgage loans; recovery is internalised up until the court phase where the services of several 
law firms (c. 10) is used. Only on the event of the loan not being judicialized, a specialised Portuguese Servicer is contacted. 
Branches 
P3 
Delinquency 
+ 6 months 
Court 
decision 
Litigation stage 
Legal Court Action 
Specialized teams: personal and telephone 
negotiation of debt restructuring, contractual 
changes, property repossession, guarantor 
exoneration, etc. 
 
Stages  
2 and 3 
Credit recovery process and litigation (Stage 3) 
▪ There are two exceptions to the standard Loan Recovery Process and Procedures: 
▪ PER / PEAP – Processo Especial de Recuperação (corporates) / Processo Especial para Acordo de 
Pagamento (individuals) 
▪ Bankruptcy - that can be triggered on the borrowers’ own initiative or by a third party 
▪ Both PER / PEAP and bankruptcies are legally covered and regulated by the Portuguese insolvency code 
▪ Banco Montepio receives daily a notification from Infotrust (data service provider), which automatically 
generates an event in the bank's recovery application. In addition to this prior electronic notification, 
Banco Montepio is always served by the Court through mail correspondence 
▪ Customers are also automatically marked in the Banco de Portugal’s central system, generating an 
automatic warning in the banking system. 
▪ These customers are also included in the Banco Montepio’s litigation team, which, on a case-by-case basis 
and in accordance with the internal regulations for credit recovery, proposes the credits to be claimed and, 
with the support of the back-office team, prepares all the required documentation for assignment to a 
lawyer (in an external law firm) who prepares and delivers to the court all the procedural documents and 
ensures the monitoring of the legal proceedings

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
• 
Upon failure to recover the delinquent position through collections, it is possible to advance with a loan 
modification. Loan modifications are negotiated with the borrower following standard procedures, 
considering the type of borrower, type of loan, guarantees available and the reason for the borrower’s 
financial distress. This evaluation is promoted in order to assure a consistent and lasting solution is 
applied, trying to assure the borrower is maintained solvent, mitigating the risk of future delinquency 
Some of the loan modifications available within the scope of credit recovery: 
• 
Payment holidays – Applies only to principal and is only used when, upon evaluation, it is defined that the 
reduction of the borrower's capacity to meet its obligations in only temporarily impaired. The net present 
value arising from the payment holidays should be the same as the one linked to the contractual cash-
flows. This approach can’t be used recurrently for a specific borrower 
• 
Term extension – The term is extended, always within legal and internal limits, resulting on the decrease 
of the new instalments. The new terms are defined taking into account the borrower’s financial capacity. 
This approach can be used upon prolonged inability from the client to meet its obligations 
• 
Principal deferral – Consist of reduction of the principal due in each instalment until the final maturity of 
the loan. The deferred principal will have to be paid on a date agreed between the parties (usually at the 
maturity date). Can be applied upon prolonged inability from the client to meet its obligations but where, 
following evaluation, it is expectable that the borrower is able to pay the lump sum resulting from the 
deferral at the agreed date 
• 
Interest rate reduction – Applicable within the scope of credit restructuring. Results on the decrease of 
the monthly instalment 
• 
Pardon (partial) – Although possible, it is seldom used. It is dependent on the repayment of part of the 
loan by the borrower and it can only be applied: 
o 
After the loan is written-off or heavily impaired (>80%) and;  
o 
The loan is unsecured, or the guarantee has a value lower that the loan amount and; 
o 
The borrower is low income or has no income that can be forfeited and; 
o 
Where the net present value of amount expected to be received after a judicial ruling is lower that 
the partial repayment inherent to the partial pardon.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS  
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into Portuguese 
law. The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered Bonds are 
in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs (1a) to (3) of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette (“Diário da República”). In accordance with 
the transitional provision of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, Montepio as issuer of covered bonds applied to 
CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds programme, approved under the Covered 
Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. CMVM has 
authorised such conversion and, as such all outstanding covered bonds of Montepio issued under the Covered Bonds 
Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Covered bonds may only be issued by Credit Institutions. 
Pursuant to article 44 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, CMVM may issue regulations with regard to covered 
bonds. CMVM Regulation focuses only on those aspects that are directly subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, namely, (i) the instructive/ancillary elements for the purpose of authorising covered bond programmes; (ii) 
the criteria for legal, contractual or voluntary overcollateralisation; (iii) the issuer’s information duties towards the 
CMVM; (iv) the document preservation duties related to the programmes; (v) the common representative’s right of 
access to information about the cover pool; (vi) the means of sending and disclosing information relating to covered 
bond programmes; (vii) the procedures for the replacement of the programme’s credit manager and the fee due 
and payable for the authorisation of covered bond programmes. 
COVER ASSETS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out the type of assets that are eligible to collateralise the issue of covered 
bonds by a Credit Institution. For further information regarding the eligible types of assets, please see section “Issuer 
required to Maintain Cover Pool” in the chapter entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, provided they meet certain legal 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in Article 129 of the CRR.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds contain certain rules governing the limits and conditions for the use of these 
hedging contracts. The evaluation rules of the Hedging Contracts are determined by the CMVM.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
For further details on the abovementioned requirements, see the section “Hedging Contracts” in the chapter entitled 
“Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Credit Institution may be required, or may otherwise decide, 
to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer comply with the 
applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
VALUATION AND LOAN-TO-VALUE CRITERIA 
Credit Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such valuations 
in accordance with the Articles 129 and 208 of the CRR, which establishes rules on the methods and frequency of 
the valuations of properties. 
In accordance with Article 129(1) of the CRR, the maximum loan to value ratio for residential mortgage is 80 per 
cent. and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans (which, in the case of commercial mortgages loans, may be 
increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). 
The loan to value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis, (ii) determine the portion of the loan contribution to 
the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond and (iii) apply throughout the entire maturity of the loan. 
Article 208 of the CRR contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage credits 
included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations).

--- Page 218 ---
218
 
218 
 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that the calculation of the coverage requirement shall be made in 
accordance with the nominal principle requirement and ensures that the total aggregate principal amount of all 
cover assets is at least equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of the unpaid covered bonds (i.e., 
100 per cent. coverage of the liabilities shall be fully secured by cover assets). 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining financial and 
prudential requirements, the liabilities of the covered bonds shall include, namely: 
(a) 
the obligations for the payment of the principal amount of issued covered bonds; 
(b) 
the obligations for payment of any interest arising from the outstanding covered bonds;  
(c) 
the payment obligations arising from derivative contracts comprised in the cover pool; and 
(d) 
the expected costs related to maintenance and administration for the liquidation of the relevant 
programme. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Credit Institution must use the 
exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
Should a breach of the homogeneity, coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, as foreseen in Article 20 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required, immediately after becoming aware thereof, to take all 
possible steps to remedy such breach, by (i) allocating new primary or substitution assets, with or without replacing 
any assets already attached to the covered bonds, (ii) amortising outstanding covered bonds in the sufficient amount 
to remedy the breach and/or (iii) allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such cover pool 
provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such mortgage credits 
must be removed from the cover pool by the Credit Institution and, if necessary to comply with the prudential 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, substituted by new primary or substitution assets.  
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Credit Institution allocates new 
primary or substitution assets sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and prudential requirements set 
forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation 
The cover assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Credit Institution to the issues of covered bonds will, 
including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and collateral relating to derivate contracts, will 
permanently remain and be registered in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution.

--- Page 219 ---
219
 
219 
 
For further detail, please refer to chapters entitled “Charactheristics of the Cover Pool” and “Issuer Events” above. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other creditors, for 
the purpose of redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any real 
estate preferential claims. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest and principal 
under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
relevant Credit Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Credit Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the relevant 
counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over such cover 
pool. Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered bonds and, 
consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Credit Institution. 
In particular, the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds; (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the Credit Institution issuing 
the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the principal and any accrued 
and future interest; and (c) in the case of the insolvency of the Credit Institution issuing the covered bonds and in 
the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a common claim against the insolvency 
estate of that credit institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the Credit Institution’s ordinary unsecured 
creditors of the Credit Institution. It is further specified that the entitlements under (a) to (c) above are limited to 
the total payment obligations under the covered bonds and that the above dual recourse and special creditor 
privilege also applies in case of extendable maturity of those covered bonds subject to automatic maturity extension, 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of a Credit Institution, a 
meeting of holders of all Series of covered bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 (two thirds) majority vote, 
to accelerate the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the estate 
allocated to the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
in the relevant terms and conditions that govern such issue.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and ownership of 
Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to 
decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general discussion does not consider any 
specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the effect of any state or local 
taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortization or reimbursement premiums and other types of 
remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds or of any other debt securities are qualified as capital gains 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General tax regime on debt securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income 
unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income (englobamento), subject to tax at the 
current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €250,000. In this case, the 
tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the name of 
one or more resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final 
withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a 
consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed at a special tax 
rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each year, which 
is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to 
tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €250,000. The positive 
balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of shares and other 
securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Covered Bonds, is mandatorily 
accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 days and the taxable 
income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds €78,834. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable 
income and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous 
Region of Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium 
enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise (Small Mid Cap) as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 
November 2007, 17 per cent. (8.75 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 8.75 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores) for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous 
Region of Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) on profits in excess thereof, to which may 
be added a municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate 
taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (“derrama estadual”) 
of 3 per cent. (2.1 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 2.1 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) 
on the part of their taxable profits that exceeds €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000, of 5 per cent. (3.5 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Madeira; 3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores), on the part of the taxable profits 
that exceeds €7,500,000 and 9 per cent. (6.3 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 6.3 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores) on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is deemed a 
payment on account of the final tax due (except where the beneficiary is either a financial institution, a collective 
investment undertaking or an exempt entity as specified by current Portuguese tax law). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened in the 
name of one or more resident accountholders or non-resident accountholders with a permanent establishment in 
Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on debt 
securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals is subject to withholding tax at 
a rate of 28 per cent.. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened in the

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
name of one or more non-resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is 
subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are 
identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals resident in 
a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” 
list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista 
dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non-resident in Portugal without a 
Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 
25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened in the 
name of one or more non-resident accountholders without a permanent establishment in Portugal acting on behalf 
of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant 
beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial 
owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to legal persons resident 
in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” 
list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista 
dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable treaty and provided 
that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities of the beneficial owners of 
the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at source or through the refund of the 
excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes may be available for viewing and downloading at 
http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals are exempt from Portuguese 
capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, 
of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to personal 
income tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not 
subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes 
and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly 
held by Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following 
cumulative conditions are met by the seller: (i) the entity at issue has its residence in the European Union or in the 
European Economic Area State or in any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees 
information exchange; (ii) such entity is subject and not exempt from IRC, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not 
lower than 60 per cent of the Portuguese IRC rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting 
rights for at least 1 year uninterruptedly; and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of 
artificial arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining 
a tax advantage) or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 150/2004, 
of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate 
income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject 
to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Special Debt securities tax regime 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other 
disposition of the Covered Bonds, to non-Portuguese resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese 
income tax provided the debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity 
resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing 
system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal or in a European 
Economic Area Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an 
administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation 
to tax matters existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered 
above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 
193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
a) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
b) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
c) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force; or 
d) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the Portuguese 
territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a blacklisted jurisdiction 
as set out in the Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004. 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires completion of 
certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the provision of information to

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a Noteholder is required to hold the Covered 
Bonds through an account with one of the following entities: 
a) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are integrated in 
the centralised system are opened; 
b) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered entities”, is a 
client of the latter; or 
c) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to clear, settle 
or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own registration systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the Noteholders in one 
of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
(a) 
Domestic Clearing Covered Bonds 
Registration of the Covered Bonds in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront and 
requires evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficiary, to be provided by the Noteholder to the direct 
registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income (rendimentos de 
capitais) and to the transfer of Covered Bonds, as follows: 
(i) 
if the beneficiary is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese State, or a 
public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds 
itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non- residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof 
of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary, and the beneficial 
owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may 
prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(ii) 
if the beneficiary is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an insurance company 
domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty, 
certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax identification official document; or (B) a 
certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, 
confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds and its domicile; or (C) proof of 
non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its 
periodical renewal not being necessary, and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity 
immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(iii) 
If a beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or a collective investment scheme 
domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty, 
certification shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the 
entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below, so long as the beneficial owners of Covered Bonds provide the confirmation referred to 
in paragraph (iv) below. 
(iv) 
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: confirmation must be made 
by the relevant beneficial owner of Covered Bonds by way of (A) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities, (B) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese Consulate 
certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by an official entity taking part of the public 
administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country; for 
these purposes, an identification document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of 
which it is indirectly possible to presume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) are not acceptable. The beneficiary must provide an original or a certified copy of such documents 
and, as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been issued 
within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the relevant payment 
or maturity dates, within the following three months. The Beneficiary must inform the direct registering entity 
immediately of any change in the requirement conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Covered Bonds are registered in an account held by 
an international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, on each interest payment 
date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct register entity or to its representative, and with respect to all 
accounts under its management, the identification and quantity of securities, as well as the amount of income, and, 
when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, segregated by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
a) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
b) 
entities which have residence in country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, included in 
the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004) and which 
are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
c) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable, and which are exempt or not subject to withholding; 
d) 
other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income generated by the securities would be imputable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with respect to the 
beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, should also be 
transmitted:

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
a) 
name and address; 
b) 
tax identification number (if applicable); 
c) 
identification and quantity of the securities held; and 
d) 
amount of income generated by the securities. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax was 
withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005, as 
amended from time to time, last amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 December 2016. The refund claim is to be 
submitted to the direct register entity of the Covered Bonds within 6 (six) months from the date the withholding 
took place. Following the amendments to Decree-Law 193/2005, introduced by Law 83/2013, of 9 December, a new 
special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order (Despacho) 2937/2014, published in the Portuguese 
Official Gazette (Diário da República), second series, no. 37, of 21 February 2014 issued by the Secretary of State of 
Tax Affairs (Secretário de Estado dos Assuntos Fiscais). 
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed from the Portuguese tax authorities 
within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the withholding took place. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, 
Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt.  
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and is the subject of legal 
challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 
2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and is in 
accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 
July 2014.  
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities of their 
respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information regarding bank 
accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a different Member 
State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different Member State, after 
having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. The information refers not only to personal 
information such as name, address, state of residence, tax identification number and date and place of birth, but 
also to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or 
credited in the account during the calendar year; or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of 
interest, dividends and any other income generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the 
financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as 
custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May.  
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, 
the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to 
Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member 
States or States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of 
Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
In view of the abovementioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial institution, the 
procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by the Ministry 
of Finance, through Order 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016 and Order 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016, all as amended from time to time. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as “FATCA”, 
a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, IGAs, which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as bonds, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered 
Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply to foreign 
passthru payments prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered 
Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX 
DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR 
THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; 
(B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE 
TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The following restriction may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to 
the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are initially being offered and sold only 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
If TEFRA C is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, then the Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated 
thereunder.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Covered Bonds, and that it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of 
sale of Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or notice to substantially the following effect:  
“The Covered Bonds covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “US Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States,

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Covered Bonds and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
(“Regulation S”) Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act.  
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering and listing contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”); and 
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Member 
State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member 
State:  
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered 
Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and 
listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
 a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and  
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer shall be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds to the public which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds to the public in the UK:  
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered 
Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered 
Bonds and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
UK – Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may 
not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or 
any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Covered 
Bonds or caused such Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell such Covered Bonds or cause such Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
such Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (2001) of Singapore (as amended or modified 
from time to time, the “SFA”)), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based derivative 
contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation 
or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase 
or invest in the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, 
sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or distribute any Covered Bonds or any copy of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in an offer of securities to the public 
under the meaning of Article 2, letter (d) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or Article 1, paragraph 1, letter (t) of

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) except:  
a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or  
b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation.  
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking 
Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers has represented that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumed any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid and offer rate 
arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote bid and offer prices 
for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the relevant agreement and the 
provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the relevant agreement. Not all issues of 
Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such agreements. A description of the main terms of any 
such agreements and the names and addresses of the relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law was duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 June 2008 and 23 March 2016 and the Programme has been 
subsequently updated under the authorisation of the Issuer’s relevant management body. The Issuer applied to the 
CMVM to convert its existing covered bonds programme to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 May 2023.  
Listing 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to Euronext Lisbon, or such 
other stock exchange or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, for the admission to trading of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on the regulated 
market of Euronext Lisbon or such other stock exchange or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance at Interbolsa, through the clearing systems to which it has 
adhered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position of Banco Montepio and/or the Banco Montepio Group 
and no significant change in the financial performance of Banco Montepio since the end of the last financial period 
for which financial information has been published, 31 March 2023. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco Montepio since 31 December 2022, the date 
of the last audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the 
administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were 
engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 
of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and 
imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million. The Decision was appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other 
Portuguese banks) to the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e 
Supervisão) of Santarém. By appealing this Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be suspended until a final 
decision is made. On 28 April 2022 the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência,

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém proved that the financial institutions exchanged sensitive information on the 
commercial conditions of credit but had doubts whether such institutions infringed competition rules because it was 
not proven that this practice had an impact on customers. Therefore, the case was transferred to the Court of Justice 
of the European Union to apply an objective test on whether such exchange of information had an impact on 
competition. Ultimately the proceedings were suspended on the basis of the statute of limitations (com suspensão 
do prazo prescricional) and remitted to the Luxembourg court because of the risks of the case being time-barred. 
Based on all the relevant circumstances, management of the Issuer considers it unlikely that the administrative fine 
(coima) will eventuate. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio is not aware of any claim for damages 
related to the Decision or to the related facts.  
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings (processo 
de contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning accounting standards 
and internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. Banco Montepio challenged these proceedings and 
submitted the relevant evidence to support its position. On 26 January 2022, the Banco de Portugal published the 
decision condemning Banco Montepio and ordering it to pay a single fine of €475,000. Banco Montepio challenged 
this decision and the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e 
Supervisão) of Santarém reduced the fine to €380,000. Banco Montepio has already paid €100,000 and filed an 
appeal with suspensive effect with the Lisbon Court of Appeal. The Lisbon Court of Appeal partially upheld Banco 
Montepio’s appeal and sentenced the bank to pay a single fine of €350,000, with a 20 per cent. reduction in the 
amount to be paid, corresponding to an actual payment of €280,000, representing a reduction of €100,000 in the 
fine compared with the decision of the Court of First Instance and a reduction of €195,000 in the fine compared with 
the decision of the Banco de Portugal. Notwithstanding the reduction of the fine, Banco Montepio appealed to the 
Constitutional Court on 27 April 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the 
outcome of these proceedings.  
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period covering at least 
the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a significant effect on 
Banco Montepio Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Statutory Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at CMVM with 
the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 
Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903).  
The financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 were 
audited in accordance with IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at CMVM under 
number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 
Lisbon, represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado (member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors 
(Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 1074 and with the CMVM under number 20160686), was 
elected as Statutory Auditor for the 2023-2025 period in the General Meeting held on 28 April 2023. 
Documents Available 
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection at and may be obtained from https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-
relations: 
a) 
the constitutional documents (including the by-laws) of the Issuer (Portuguese and English versions); 
b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 (Portuguese and English versions), in each case with the audit reports 
prepared in connection therewith; 
c) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2023 (Portuguese and English versions); 
d) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures dated 27 April 2017, as amended, from time to time and lastly on 20 
July 2023; 
e) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement dated 18 November 2008, as amended and restated, 
from time to time and lastly on 20 July 2023; 
f) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
g) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other than the 
Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In relation to the documents referred to at (a), (b) and (c), the Issuer confirms that the translations thereof are true 
and accurate; however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and the English translation thereof, 
the original document will prevail. 
Electronic copy of this Base Prospectus 
Electronic copies of this Base Prospectus (and any supplements thereto, and Final Terms pertaining to Covered 
Bonds traded on Euronext Lisbon) and of the documents referred to in items (a) to (g) above (other than are available 
on the official website of the Issuer (www.bancomontepio.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its 
publication. Copies of the documents referred to in items (b), (c) and (f) above are available on the official website 
of the CMVM (www.cmvm.pt).

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
Language of the Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 
twelve-month validity period.  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Covered Bonds, 
except if required by law, in which case such information will be disclosed at the Issuer’s website. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, 
reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make 
markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, 
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers 
and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Covered Bonds (subject to customary closing conditions), which 
could affect future trading of the Covered Bonds. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of positions in securities, 
including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear S.A./N.V 
(“Euroclear Bank”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) for the purpose of holding such 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua Castilho, 
5, 1250-066 Lisbon, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 April 2017 and made 
and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent 
bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the interest 
amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“APMs” means alternative performance measures. 
“Arranger” means NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity appointed as an arranger for the Programme and 
references in this Agreement to the Arranger shall be references to the relevant Arranger. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“ASF” means the Portuguese insurance and pension funds authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos 
de Pensões). 
“Auditor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A., registered 
at CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 - 3rd 
floor, 1069-316 Lisbon. 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and principal 
payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any sale proceeds of any 
Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool any hedging payment amounts paid by the hedging 
counterparty under the Hedging Contracts (for the avoidance of doubt, such amounts do not include any collateral

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
that may transferred under the Hedging Contracts), any balances standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and 
the Programme Account, in all cases which are received by the Issuer or the Special Administrator or transferred to 
the Programme Account between, and including, the sixth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the sixth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as calculated by the Agent pursuant to the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Banco BEM” means Montepio Investimento, S.A.. 
“Banco MG Cabo Verde” means Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A.. 
“Banco Montepio Group” means Banco Montepio Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole. 
“Banco Santander Totta” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A.. 
“Banif” means Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A.. 
“Banking Activity Code” means the new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (Código de Atividade 
Bancária). 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 20 July 2023 prepared in connection with the Programme. 
“Basel IV” means the set of proposed package of international banking reforms developed in response to the 2008-
2009 financial crisis. 
“BES” means Banco Espírito Santo. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014.  
“BRRD2” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May, amending the 
BRRD. 
“BTM” means Banco Terra Moçambique. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 System is open. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” comprises Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council,

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC. 
“CBD” means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. 
“CFI” means Classification of Financial Instruments. 
“CHF”, “Swiss francs” means Swiss francs, the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
“Clearing Systems” means clearing systems through which Interbolsa ensures the clearing according to its 
regulations and procedures, and each, a “Clearing System”. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, in its capacity as representative of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. or any successor common 
representative appointed by a Meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 18 November 2008 entered into 
between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions upon and subject 
to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as amended and restated on 
20 July 2023, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds”. 
“CONSOB” means the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme, held to the benefit of the Holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, and 
comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws 
of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), 
registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161480, with its registered office at Avenida da República, 
no. 90, 6th, 1600-206, in Lisbon, Portugal.  
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 20 July 2023 entered into by and between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and to which 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became applicable following the approval of the Programme by CMVM under 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds) in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, enacted 
by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended, which has been revoked by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 
2022. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation no. (EC) 1060/2009, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 
September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 513/2011 of the European Parliament and the Council and by 
Regulation (EU) 462/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council. 
“Credit Institutions” means any credit institutions. 
“Credit Institutions General Regime” or “RGICSF” means Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December, as amended from 
time to time. 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended. 
“CRD V” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, as amended, 
amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, and capital conservation measures. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) 648/2012, as amended and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”. 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, as 
amended, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements. 
“CSD” means a central securities depositary. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated Property 
Valuation of such Property (as described in subsection “Valuation of Properties” under chapter Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings GmbH is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Dealers” means each of BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, J.P. Morgan SE., Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Agreement and excludes any entity whose 
appointment has been terminated pursuant to clause 10 of the Programme Agreement. 
“Decree-Law 193/2005” means Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time, last 
amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 December 2016. 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been repaid in full 
on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that Series has not been paid on 
any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake of clarity, a Default of Payment Event 
will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as applicable) is not done by the end of the following

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned above. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the 
first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“DTAs” means Deferred Tax Assets. 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European and Securities Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011, as amended. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 974/98, of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Euronext” means Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext. 
“Eurosystem” means the central banking system for the Euro. 
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses due to 
the Special Administrator, including any expenses incurred by the Special Administrator in connection with any 
actual or prospective disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to cover for the maintenance and 
operating of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, 
Covered Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the 
agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the maturity of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions set out in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.7(E) of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of covered 
bonds, as set out in Article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, such 
Covered Bonds. 
“Finibanco” means Finibanco, S.A.. 
“Finibanco Angola” means Finibanco Angola S.A.. 
“Finibanco Group” means the Portuguese financial group “Finibanco”. 
“FISN” means Financial Instrument Short Name. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act. 
“FTT” means the Financial Transactions Tax. 
“Futuro” means Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A.. 
“FVOCI” means the fair value through other comprehensive income. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging interest rates, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging Contracts with 
the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms of Article 129 of the CRR). 
“IGAs” means the intergovernmental agreements with the United States of America to implement FATCA. 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Insurance Distribution Directive” means Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
20 January 2016, as amended.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series of Covered 
Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, following such occurrence, 
for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default of Payment Event. 
“Investor’s Currency” means the currency or currency unit in which the investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“ISIN” means the International Securities Identification Number. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered Bond, the 
date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the Programme Agreement or 
any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
“Issuer Event” means an License Revocation Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“IT” means information technology. 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” means Japanese yen, the lawful currency of Japan. 
“LCR” means the Liquidity Coverage Ratio. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and 
amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to time. 
“License Revocation Event” means the revocation of the Issuer’s authorisation as a credit institution by its 
competent banking supervisory authority (being the European Central Bank and/or the Banco de Portugal, acting 
individually or jointly, and including any successor) and leading to the mandatory liquidation of the Issuer. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, as described below:

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and are 
not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector entity 
that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the 
CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, provided that any 
such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 
14.2 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) on the date hereof the Reserve Account Bank is an eligible credit institution 
pursuant to b) above; (ii) provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under b) 
above can include short term deposits held with the Issuer and/or with the Banco de Portugal, in each 
case segregated and allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets; and (iii) uncollateralised 
claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR cannot be considered as 
Liquidity Assets. 
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“LRE” means the leverage ratio exposure. 
“Lusitania” means Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A.. 
“Lusitania Vida” means Lusitania Vida, Companhia de Seguros, S.A.. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Primary Assets, Substitution Assets 
and Liquidity Assets, as applicable. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment) and “Meetings” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Member State” means each Member State of the European Economic Area. 
“MGAM” means Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista. 
“MiFID II Product Governance Rules” means Commission Delegated Directive (EU) no. 2017/593. 
“Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004” means Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista dos 
países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis), as amended from 
time to time.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
“Montepio Holding” means Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.. 
“Montepio Seguros” means Montepio Seguros, SGPS, S.A.. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the relevant 
Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security 
for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which is 
registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to be met 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable requirements under 
paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.2 (Issuer Covenants). 
“MREL” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities regime. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means, in respect of any given day, all payments outflows falling due on that day, including 
principal (if applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purpose on the relevant Extended Maturity Date) 
and interest payments under the Covered Bonds, any Owed Hedging Payments and any Expenses, net of all 
payments inflows falling due on the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“NPEs” means Non-Performing Exposures. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage Credit: 
a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those payments 
relate to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Novobanco” means Novo Banco, S.A.. 
“NSFR” means the Net Stable Funding Ratio. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties (who benefit of a special creditor privilege (privilégio 
creditório especial) and of an interest in the autonomous estate (património autónomo) relating to the Cover Pool). 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge counterparties under 
the Hedging Contracts. 
“Participation Fund” means Banco Montepio’s former participation fund (fundo de participação).

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds under the 
Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“PERSI” means the Out-of-court Regularization of Default Situations Regularization (Procedimento Extrajudicial de 
Regularização de Situações de Incumprimento) approved by Decree-Law 227/2012, of 25 October, as amended. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 
September 1986, as amended. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended. 
“PRIIPS Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 1286/2014, as amended. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered bonds, 
under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary Assets are Mortgage 
Credits, corresponding to the type of assets set out in Article 129(1), paragraphs (d) and (f) of the CRR. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that Covered Bond on 
the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds in respect 
thereof. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds programme of the Issuer 
established on 14 July 2016 in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds by the 
Issuer and as converted on 20 July 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating and any criteria 
required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR. The Programme Account, and any balance 
to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime 
as any Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 20 July 2023 entered into between the Issuer and the 
Dealers, as amended and or restated.  
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and Payments 
Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Hedging 
Contracts and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant thereto and 
in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common Representative to take

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the Holders of 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such Mortgage 
Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market value 
(which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which the Property 
should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's-length transaction 
after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion), in 
accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage 
Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and article 208 of the CRR, provided 
that, in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property 
and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980, of 14 March 
2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) no. 809/2004, as amended, 
together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/979, of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards on key 
financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the publication and classification of prospectuses, 
advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, and the notification portal, and repealing Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 382/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Provisions for Meetings of for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds” means the provisions contained in 
Schedule 1 of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement on Meetings of holders of Covered Bonds. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and “Ratings” 
means all of such Ratings. 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's and Fitch. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Holders of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy 
the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating and any criteria required by 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which 
shall be governed by Conditions 5.5 (Reserve Account) and 6.8 (Pass-through Provision) and the Reserve Account 
Agreement. The Reserve Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be 
subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity 
Assets. 
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and the 
Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, on or about 
7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including a Deed of Novation 
dated on or about 7 September 2020, and the amendment and restatement dated 20 July 2023). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company registered in Ireland 
with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered office at Block F1, 
Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W2X7, acting through its UK Branch (registered 
number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade 
name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. 
Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank 
contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in 
Ireland, and the definition of Reserve Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency 
in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority 
of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this 
definition.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of Holders of Covered Bonds and approved in 
accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Resolution Fund” means the resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law 31-A/2012, of 10 February 2012. 
“RJASR” means the Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of the Insurance and Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico 
de Acesso e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e Resseguradora). 
“RWA” means risk weighted assets. 
“Saving Banks Act” means the new saving banks act by Decree-Law 190/2015, of 10 September. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
“SFA” means the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time. 
“Special Administrator” means such entity as appointed by the CMVM, in case of a License Revocation Event, 
pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which shall be 
separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“SOC” means Security Operations Center. 
“SRM” means a Single Resolution Mechanism. 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Substitution Assets” means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to the 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they comply 
with the relevant requirements foreseen in Article 129 of the CRR. 
“Sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines is a 
successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
“TARGET Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
“T2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Payment System 
or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or 
withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to 
pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, 
“taxation”, “taxable and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise function including 
the Portuguese Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed on the 
Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the Covered 
Bonds accordingly. 
“TLAC” means the total loss absorbing capacity. 
“TLTRO” means the Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations. 
“TLTRO III” means the third targeted longer-term refinancing operations programme. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.5 (Reserve Account). 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“TREA” means the Total Risk Exposure Amount. 
“UCITS Directive” means Council Directive 2009/65/EC of the European of the European Parliament and the Council, 
of 13 July 2009, relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, which revoked as of 1 
July 2011 Council Directive 85/611/EEC, of 20 December 1985 (as amended by Council Directive 2001/107/EC, of 21 
January 2002 and 2001/108/EC of 21 January 2002). 
“UK” means the United Kingdom. 
“UK Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” means the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook. 
“UK PRIIPS Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
“US” means the United States of America. 
“US Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“Written Resolution” means, in relation to the Covered Bonds, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all 
holders of Covered Bonds who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the 
Provisions for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents 
in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa 
económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisboa  
Portugal 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Étas-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex, France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart  
Germany 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 
Paris 
France

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Ernst & Young S.A 
Avenida da República 90, 6th 
1600-206 Lisboa 
Portugal 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5 LB 
United Kingdom 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisboa  
Portugal 
AUDITORS 
To Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Portuguese law 
António Frutuoso de Melo & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP RL 
Avenida da Liberdade 38 – 1.º 
1250-145 Lisboa  
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28  
1200-151 Lisboa  
Portugal