--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. 
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of the Portuguese Republic) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 19 May 2000, the Issuer (as defined below) entered into a €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") which has been increased and updated from time to time. Any Notes to be 
issued after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will 
be issued subject to the Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for 
securities (as amended, the "Luxembourg Act") for the approval of this base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") as a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg Act, by approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes to be issued thereunder or the quality or solvency of 
the Issuer.  The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Furthermore, such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA").  By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulations, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial 
opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" 
(and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined 
below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document 
specific to such Tranche called the final terms (the "Final Terms"). Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and registered form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities, Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The Programme has been rated: (P)Caa1 (senior unsecured) / (P)Caa1 (senior non-preferred) / (P)Caa1 (subordinated) / (P)Caa2 (junior subordinated) / (P)NP (short-term) by Moody's Investor Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's"); CCC (senior unsecured) / CCC (senior non-preferred) / B (short-term) by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and B (senior unsecured) / CCC (high) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by DBRS Ratings Limited 
("DBRS"). The "Caa" rating by Moody's indicates that the Programme is speculative, of poor standing and subject to very high credit risk. The "NP" rating by Moody's indicates that the Programme is rated as not 
prime and does not fall within any of Moody's prime rating categories. The "CCC" rating by Fitch indicates the Programme is of substantial credit risk. The "B" rating by DBRS indicates the Programme is of highly 
speculative credit quality and there is a high level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. The "CCC (high)" rating by DBRS indicates that the Programme is of very highly speculative credit 
quality and in danger of defaulting on financial obligations. The "R-4" rating by DBRS indicates that the Programme is of highly speculative credit quality (with R-5 being the highest level). Moody's is established 
in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch and DBRS are established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to retail clients, as defined in MiFID II and/or Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Important Information" of this Base Prospectus for further information. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan  
NATIXIS 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
DZ BANK AG 
NatWest Markets 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 June 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including in relation to the 
Issuer, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the relevant Final Terms relating to each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme). To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger 
(as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger

--- Page 4 ---
4 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets 
products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). LIBOR is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited and EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European 
Money Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, none of the Dealers (excluding Banco Montepio acting in its capacity as Issuer) or the Arranger accept 
any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or

--- Page 5 ---
5 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable solely in its 
corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Notes and such obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. The Notes are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, 
an investment in Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer 
may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes. See "Risk Factors". 
The Notes will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers or any person other than 
the Issuer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such 
investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in Notes is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment in Notes may give 
rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other investment firm in the Group (as defined 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), an investment in Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile 
of such a deposit. Notes are expected to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not 
transferable. However, Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing measures implementing this 
Directive in any jurisdiction (such as the UK's Financial Services Compensation Scheme). Therefore, if the Issuer becomes 
insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance 
that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation

--- Page 6 ---
6 
action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€" and "euro" are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus 
have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, the figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100 per cent. 
when aggregated. 
Financial information for the year ended and as at 31 December 2019 contained in this Base Prospectus has been extracted 
from the Annual Report 2020. Certain figures for the year ended and as at 31 December 2019 that are extracted have been 
restated for comparative purposes and where relevant, the Issuer has indicated this in the Base Prospectus. For further 
information please see "Description of the Issuer – Introduction to Banco Montepio" and Note 1 (Accounting policies) 
item (a)(Basis of presentation – Restatement of the consolidated financial statements of the previous financial year) on 
pages 174 to 175 of the Annual Report 2020. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written forward-looking 
statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial statements, in their offering circulars, in 
press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, directors or employees to third 
parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Banco Montepio's beliefs and expectations, are 
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections and such statements 
reflect Banco Montepio's judgement at the date of this document and are not intended to give any assurances as to future 
results. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date they are made, and Banco Montepio undertakes no obligation 
to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Banco Montepio will comply with their 
obligations to publish updated information as required by law or by any regulatory authority but assume no further 
obligation to publish additional information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain management 
measures of performance or alternative performance measures ("APMs"), which are used by management to evaluate the 
Issuer's overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer's auditors and are 
not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). 
Accordingly, these APMs should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer's internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations of future 
results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures used by other 
companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information calculated in 
accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Issuer's profitability or liquidity. 
Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared 
in accordance with IFRS and investors are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated 
annual financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the Glossary at the 
back of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base Prospectus follows 
and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative Performance Measures.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would 
reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would reasonably be expected by them to be found 
in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may reasonably request.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 10 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................. 41 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................ 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 50 
FORM OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................................... 81 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................ 83 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................... 84 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR ........................................................................................................... 142 
THE PORTUGUESE ECONOMY ......................................................................................................................... 168 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................. 172 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................ 178 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 185 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................. 197 
GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .......................................................................... 199

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference 
herein and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer and that may 
affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Notes. The risk factors have been organised into the 
following categories: 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária); 
- 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business; 
- 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
- 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme 
o 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes;  
o 
Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
o 
Risks related to the market generally; 
o 
Risks related to Notes generally. 
Within each category or subcategory, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer 
has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category or subcategory of risk is more material 
than any other category or subcategory.  
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
Change in legal framework of the Issuer 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated (caixa económica 
anexa) to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista ("MGAM") into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. The 
nature of the Issuer as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can hold the 
majority of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and beneficial 
institutions. This legal limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its capital requirements 
and a failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's condition, the ability to pursue 
its business and results of its operations. 
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM in 1844, as an affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of MGAM, in order 
to support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits 
association) whose principal purposes are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and 
welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution or instituição titular, as per the 
Savings Banks Act) of Banco Montepio with 99.99 per cent. of Banco Montepio's share capital (€2,420 million as at 31 
December 2020), pursuant to article 6 no. 2 of the Savings Banks Law. 
If MGAM is not in a position to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders in Banco 
Montepio's capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations. 
Moreover, MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues and the subscribed members' savings plans 
(modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of financial and non-financial assets, 
including different types of securities and equity participations (including its interest in Banco Montepio) and real estate. 
Among these investments, and as at 31 December 2020, MGAM held €200.4 million of debt securities and other 
subordinated debt issued by Banco Montepio, which represents 1.2 per cent. of Banco Montepio's total liabilities. 
If MGAM's performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide additional share 
capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco Montepio's ability to meet its 
capital requirements and the cost of its funding and, as a result, its prospective financial performance and condition. 
A deterioration in investor confidence in MGAM as a result of a disposal of any shares or voting rights in the Issuer may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Being a full service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the majority of the capital 
or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and beneficial institutions. 
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio's shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity as Banco 
Montepio's owner institution (instituição titular).  
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders as a sign of 
MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material adverse effect on investor 
confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition 
and results, operations or prospects. 
Changes to the financial regime and regulation applicable to MGAM may impact its ability to provide share capital to the 
Issuer and its relationship with the Issuer 
MGAM is currently supervised by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and Social Security in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas). Following 
the amendments to the Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas), enacted by Decree-Law no. 
59/2018, of 2 August, as amended by Decree-Law no. 37/2019, of 15 March, MGAM became subject to a special 
supervisory regime and, as a result, it is subject to the Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of the Insurance and 
Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico de Acesso e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e Resseguradora) (the "RJASR") 
and the financial supervision of the Portuguese insurance and pension funds authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de 
Seguros e Fundos de Pensões) (the "ASF"). 
MGAM, together with other affected mutual associations, is subject to a 12-year transitional period (which commenced 
on 27 November 2018). During this 12-year transition period, MGAM is required to take steps to adapt to the new 
regulatory framework imposed by the RJASR. At the end of the transitional period, and subject to compliance with the 
applicable legal requirements, MGAM will become fully subject to supervision by the ASF and the RJASR. Until then, 
the Portuguese Government member responsible for the social security area will be responsible for the effective 
supervision of MGAM. 
During this transition period, the ASF has powers to monitor the progress made by MGAM and other mutual associations 
to converge with the new regulatory and supervisory framework. New rules that restrict MGAM from providing additional 
share capital to the Issuer may be introduced. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict other rules which the authorities may 
introduce and the effects such rules may have on MGAM's organisation and performance and, in particular, its relationship

--- Page 12 ---
12 
with the Issuer. Please refer to the section "Change in legal framework of the Issuer" for a description of the possible 
consequences arising from the change of Banco Montepio's legal nature into a public limited liability company in 2017. 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business 
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are 
credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control these risks may result in a material adverse 
effect on Banco Montepio's financial condition and results or operations. 
The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks 
Although the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") is still spreading and the final implications of this pandemic are difficult 
to estimate at this stage, it has had, and will have, significant macro-economic consequences and has had, and will have, 
a substantial worldwide negative effect. As such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects 
of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial 
negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy.  
At present, the pandemic has led to the declaration of a state of emergency in various countries, including Portugal, as well 
as the imposition of travel restrictions, the establishment of quarantines and the temporary shutdowns of various 
institutions and companies, including the adoption by the Issuer and by other credit institutions and companies in Portugal 
of an unprecedented measure, especially that of having all, or the vast majority, of its central services' employees, working 
remotely.  
In Portugal, the Directorate General of Health (Direção-Geral da Saúde) has been closely following the development of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and certain public health protocols have now been activated, including epidemiological 
monitoring and surveillance, risk management and communication, which are usual in these situations. At the beginning 
of 2021, the Portuguese Government introduced a new general confinement measure to contain the spread of the virus. 
Therefore, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may have a significant adverse 
effect on the Issuer, including for the following reasons:  
Firstly, the spread of such diseases amongst the Issuer's employees, or within its facilities, or any quarantine measures 
affecting the Issuer's employees, may reduce the Issuer's personnel's ability to carry out their work, thus affecting the 
Issuer's operations.  
Secondly, any quarantine or spread of virus may affect clients' capacity to carry out their business operations, which may 
consequently adversely affect the Issuer's own capacity to carry out its business as normal.  
Thirdly, the current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks and actions taken by governments and other 
relevant authorities in response to the pandemic or such outbreaks, including the imposition of quarantine, stay at home 
or mandatory business closures may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer's counterparties and/or clients, resulting in 
additional risks in the performance of the obligations assumed by them for the Issuer, as and when the same fall due, 
ultimately exposing the Issuer to an increased number of defaults and insolvencies among its counterparties and/or clients.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio recorded €185.1 million of Impairment of loans and advances to 
customers and to credit institutions resulting from the increase in credit risk due to the COVID-19 pandemic and from the 
reinforcement of the impairment levels. 
In addition, the reinforcement of impairments led to a cost of risk of 1.5 per cent. and a negative Consolidated net income 
for the period attributable to the shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2020 of €80.7 million. The Non-Performing 
Exposure ("NPE") coverage by impairments increased to 60.4 per cent., and 93.0 per cent. if related collaterals are 
included. 
As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio's capital ratios reflected the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, such 
as the devaluation of the Angolan Kwanza and the Brazilian Real (which led to a deterioration of the Issuer's foreign 
exchange reserves) and the reinforcement of loan impairments. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – 
Analysis of the Issuer's financial performance – Capital".  Banco Montepio's capital ratios as at 31 December 2020 were

--- Page 13 ---
13 
above the required regulatory levels due to the relief measures issued by Banco de Portugal in the context of COVID-19. 
As a result, the Board of Directors commenced a series of initiatives aimed at strengthening the Issuer's capital base, 
however, there is a risk that these initiatives may not be successful and the capital base may not improve following the 
impact of COVID-19. For more information, see "The potential impacts of the end of the moratoria implemented by Banco 
Montepio as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic". 
In the current context, in light of the existing uncertainty as to both the duration and scale of the COVID-19 pandemic, it 
is not possible to quantify the potential impacts on the business of Banco Montepio, which will essentially derive from 
external factors affecting the demand for banking products and services. This assessment is difficult with the information 
currently available, as there is currently limited data to assess the depth of the impact or its duration. 
Depending on the depth and extent of the disruptive impact, the Issuer's business and profitability will be affected to a 
greater or lesser degree. Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
results, operations, profits and financial position.  
The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, one of the measures introduced by the Board of Directors was to implement 
moratoria on certain contracts, including in relation to certain counterparties and consumers to decrease the risk of default 
in the short-term. However, this measure did not eliminate this risk and there is uncertainty around the magnitude of this 
risk given the uncertainty around the impact and ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, Banco 
Montepio believes that its short and medium term outlook suggests the COVID-19 pandemic may have adverse effect of 
uncertain magnitude on certain core business areas, profitability, credit risk and reduction of its non-performing assets.  
The moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio is scheduled to end by the end of September 2021, as such, the credit 
quality on the most affected sectors will have to be monitored throughout the year so that Banco Montepio is able to take 
any action in a timely manner to avoid the materialisation of risks of default. This creates a high level of uncertainty as 
Banco Montepio cannot guarantee that by the end of September 2021, conditions will be in place for market agents to 
return to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels. If activity levels do not increase to pre-COVID-19 levels and the moratoria 
are not extended beyond the current date of end of September 2021, activity and commission levels may continue to be 
affected and risks of default may increase. 
As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio had granted EBA compliant moratoria in relation to loans and advances to 
customers' portfolio in an amount of €3.2 billion and 27.7 per cent. of the outstanding loans and advances to customers 
(representing €11.6 billion). Given the uncertainty around the impact of not extending the moratoria, there may be an 
adverse effect of the business and profitability of Banco Montepio.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the level of impairments charges and commissions, namely in income 
arising from transactions, which in turn has adversely impacted profitability. This has been predominantly a result of the 
legal measures imposed and the abrupt reduction in economic activity during lockdowns imposed. There is uncertainty on 
when such levels may recover. 
In addition, there is uncertainty around determining the level of cost of credit risk. The lower capacity of borrowers to 
service debt, despite the ongoing government and sectoral initiatives to mitigate its effects, as well as the potential 
downward pressure on real estate prices might led to the need to reinforce impairments and the cost of credit risk might 
increase. 
Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial results, operations, profits 
and financial position. 
Credit risk 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to the credit risk 
of its counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts due from 
borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality 
of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer's assets and 
require an increase in the Issuer's provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio 
Group and on the results of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's operations.  
As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio's total credit risk exposure was €15,747 million (€15,742 million as at 31 
December 2019). The balance of NPEs amounted to €1,290 million as at 31 December 2020 (€1,511 million as at 31 
December 2019), representing 10.4 per cent. (12.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) of the Issuer's gross loans and 
advances to customers. 
An increase in Non-Performing Loans ("NPLs") would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality metrics and 
adversely impact the Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPLs in accordance with the Transformation Plan (as defined 
in "Description of the Issuer - Strategy"). 
The Issuer's activity is subject to market risk 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes in the market 
interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments which comprise that asset 
portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets. 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by Banco Montepio's risk 
division (Direção de Risco - DRI). 
The Issuer's net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted by market risks (including, but 
not limited to, the impact of COVID-19). It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions 
and to anticipate the effect that such changes could have on the Issuer's financial condition and on the results of its 
operations. For more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and similar future outbreaks". 
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity price risks. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and 
borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and 
may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value 
of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes are aggregated 
by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest rate mismatch is calculated. As 
at 31 December 2020, the interest rate gap was €3,600 million compared to €3,513 million as at 31 December 2019. 
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies through active money 
markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing exchange rate gaps are essentially due to 
possible mismatches between the periods of the application of funds and of the resources. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, results and on the 
value of the assets comprising the Issuer's investment portfolio, as well as on the value of the assets that comprise its 
pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to 
make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to 
allocate its net profit to the development of its business activity.  
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or net interest 
income. As at 31 December 2020, an increase in interest rates by 1.0 percentage point would have led to a decrease in the 
expected economic value of the banking book portfolio of approximately €55.6 million, compared with a reduction of 
€31.6 million as at 31 December 2019. 
The most relevant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Portuguese sovereign debt. Please refer to the risk factor headed 
"Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk" for additional information.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, human error, changes in 
operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with which the Issuer does business, may 
adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
The Issuer faces the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures may prove to be 
inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer's business. The Issuer's business is dependent on its ability to 
process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, 
errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply 
with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external 
systems such as, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. The occurrence of any of these operational 
risks may adversely impact the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk that the Issuer may be unable to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity without 
significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or from the sale of its assets 
for a value below market values (market liquidity risk). 
The Issuer's practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in particular 
deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB's Eligibility Criteria. 
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including pledging eligible 
collateral. As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a €3,114 million portfolio of assets eligible for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations. The total funding obtained by the Issuer from the ECB amounted to €1,383 million as at 31 December 
2020, corresponding entirely to funds raised under the TLTRO-III ("Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations"). 
Since March 2020, the ECB announced various measures to create favourable conditions to support banks' lending to those 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. These measures are temporary and specifically aimed at tackling the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy, the duration, extent and existence of ECB liquidity support more broadly 
cannot be predicted. If it were to be withdrawn or reduced, the Issuer would need to seek alternative sources of funding, 
which may not be possible, whether on equally favourable cost terms or at all. 
The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have 
consequences on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
The Issuer's development is dependent on successful implementation of its Transformation Plan 
In March 2018, the Issuer adopted a new strategy to improve the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of Banco Montepio's 
business model, and subsequently launched a Transformation Plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and 
establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and long term. For 
more information, see "Business Description – Strategy". There may be risks and unforeseen circumstances related to the 
Transformation Plan that the Issuer is not aware of, or that were considered immaterial by the Issuer. Expected revenue 
and cost synergies, operational efficiencies, business growth and other benefits may not materialise because the 
assumptions upon which informed the Banco Montepio Group's decision to proceed with its strategy might be incorrect 
or may be materially and adversely impacted given the change to macro-economic conditions in Portugal as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Any such risks and unpredictable circumstances may adversely affect the business and performance 
of the Issuer.  
The Issuer's Strategy includes targets that may not be achieved 
The Issuer's strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of comfortable liquidity 
levels, defining as priorities the increase of core net operating income and capital management, risk management 
reinforcement, platform efficiency, liquidity management, human resources management and the governance model (the 
"Strategy"). 
If any of the targets set out in the Strategy are not met, the Issuer will consequently seek to take additional measures in 
order to achieve them, however, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will be able to meet these targets. The Issuer's Strategy

--- Page 16 ---
16 
targets have not been set for the purpose of the offering of any Notes and are not, and should not be, regarded by potential 
investors as a forecast of future performance by Banco Montepio. Failure by the Issuer to implement such additional 
measures could have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its 
assets. 
The Issuer's activity is subject to reputational risk  
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts on the Issuer 
resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, suppliers, 
analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may be related, or even public opinion 
in general.  
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects. 
Litigation and Conduct risks  
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings. These 
issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, 
and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds strategic investments or joint venture partnerships, which could 
increase the number of litigation claims and the amount of damages asserted against Banco Montepio, or subject Banco 
Montepio to regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Banco Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, 
in particular: 
(i) 
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority (Autoridade 
da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and 
other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial 
information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million; and 
 
(ii) 
the Banco de Portugal has instituted various administrative proceedings against Banco Montepio for alleged 
breaches of regulatory requirements. The Banco de Portugal has issued summary decisions against Banco 
Montepio in some of these proceedings, whereas others are in a preliminary phase. Where defendants have not 
provided evidence to support their claims, it is difficult to assess the risk of a finding against Banco Montepio.  
The Issuer has assessed the maximum aggregate level of potential fines in respect of these proceedings to be 
approximately €30 million. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above described proceedings. 
For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see "Description of the Issuer – Legal and arbitration 
proceedings". Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings or an 
unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation and operating 
results. 
International Activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by Finibanco Angola, S.A. ("Finibanco Angola") 
and Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. ("Banco MG Cabo Verde"). The Issuer believes its 
operation in Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or economic 
developments in Angola.  
In addition, the Issuer's operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Often, these 
regulations are complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of applicable regulations 
may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of licences to operate. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its operating results.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
A downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating should 
be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are an 
important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had 
been assigned a rating of: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of "B-" and Short Term Issuer Default Rating of "B" by Fitch; 
Baseline Credit Assessment of "b3" by Moody's and Long Term Issuer Rating of "B" and Short Term Issuer Rating of "R-
4" by DBRS. The ratings assigned to the Issuer by Fitch indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin 
of safety remains, financial commitments are currently being met, however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable 
to deterioration in the business and economic environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's indicates that the 
Issuer is judged to have speculative intrinsic, or standalone, financial strength, and is subject to high credit risk absent any 
possibility of extraordinary support from an affiliate or a government. The rating assigned to the Issuer by DBRS indicates 
that the Issuer is of speculative, non-investment grade credit quality; its capacity for the payment of financial obligations 
is uncertain; and it is vulnerable to future events. A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings, or being placed on a negative 
ratings watch, may increase its cost of borrowing and have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects. 
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its ability to raise 
funding or capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes 
(if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in 
this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the value of the Notes.  
Information on the ratings granted to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the preceding 
paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer's rating, is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/ratings).  
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating agency methodologies 
relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the perception by ratings agencies of the Issuer's 
rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the Issuer's current ratings or outlooks or those 
of Portugal. 
Furthermore, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, 
natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades 
to the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A reduction in the Issuer's credit ratings would increase its costs of funding and could 
have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's business, reputation, financial condition 
and results, operations or prospects. 
Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk 
The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that Portugal may fail to meet its fiscal targets, 
combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth potential of the domestic economy, may result in an increase 
in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese public debt securities in secondary debt markets and restrict access of the 
Portuguese Republic to primary debt markets. Such risk could be exacerbated by reduced confidence in international 
financial markets or be triggered by weak performance in the domestic economy or adverse developments in the local 
political environment. 
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the Issuer's liquidity 
position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer's pool of assets eligible for discount at the ECB, 
in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer's capacity to increase its loan and asset portfolio. This could have a 
negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and operating results of the Issuer. This scenario could be further 
aggravated by persistent volatility in the financial sector and capital markets or by financial difficulties, including the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
possible default of one or more financial institutions or sovereigns, which could lead to significant liquidity problems in 
the market in general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions.  
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and other markets. The 
most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Portuguese sovereign debt, comprised in its own securities portfolio. 
As at 31 December 2020, the exposure of the Issuer to Portuguese sovereign debt was €1,393.1 million, with €32.6 million 
in fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €1,360.5 million in other financial assets at 
amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by public entities – domestic). These positions could be adversely affected by 
volatility in Portuguese sovereign debt creating a risk of substantial losses. 
As at 31 December 2020, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds amounted to €43.0 
million compared to €51.3 million as at 31 December 2019. There is a risk that the Issuer may not receive these capital 
gains in the future or even that losses may be recognised in the future if market appetite for Portuguese securities turns 
subdued compared to other peripheral economies. 
Concentration risk and significant exposure to the real estate market 
The Issuer has significant credit exposure to certain groups of clients. The Issuer's top 10 client group credit exposures 
represent 6.4 per cent. of the Issuer's total credit exposure (which includes Gross loans and advances to customers in the 
aggregate amount of €12,357 million, guarantees and sureties provided in the aggregate amount of €508 million and 
irrevocable credit facilities amounting to €721 million) as at 31 December 2020. 
In particular, the Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its high exposure to the 
Portuguese real estate market through mortgage loans, loans granted to construction companies, assets obtained in lieu of 
payment (disclosed as "Non-current assets held for sale" and "Other assets" in its balance sheet), properties securing loans 
or related to its operations, funding of real estate development projects and through the exposure to real estate funds which 
are majority owned by the Issuer (disclosed in the Issuer's balance sheet as "Investment Properties"), as well as real estate 
fund units held in its own portfolio. 
The total value of Investment Properties held by the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 amounted to €125.9 million (€144.9 
million as at 31 December 2019) being comprised of real estate properties held by various funds which are consolidated 
into the results of the Banco Montepio Group and properties held by SSAGINCENTIVE – Sociedade de Serviços 
Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. 
The Issuer's Assets received in recovery of credit (including Impairment for assets received in recovery of credit) amounted 
to €567.4 million as at 31 December 2020 (€614.4 million as at 31 December 2019 (restated)) and included buildings and 
other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) delivery of the assets, with option to 
repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the contract or the promise to deliver the asset and the respective 
irrevocable power of attorney issued by the customer in the name of the Issuer; or (ii) the adjudication of the assets as a 
result of a judicial process of guarantees execution, accounted with the title of adjudication or following the adjudication 
request after the record of the first (payment pro solvendo). According to the Issuer's expectation, these assets are expected 
to be sold in a period of less than one year and the Issuer has a strategy for its sale. Nevertheless, given current market 
conditions, and although those assets are intended to be sold as soon as possible, in some situations this is not possible. 
The participation units of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer's variable-income securities – investment units 
amounted to €252.6 million as at 31 December 2020 (€256.3 million as at 31 December 2019). 
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature of the 
Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from current levels. 
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events and a general slowdown in global 
economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, a downward adjustment in prices. In 
addition, events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises (such as 
COVID-19) or the fear of such crises in a particular region may weaken economic conditions and could lead to a decline 
in the real estate values of the real properties located in the regions affected by such events.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in the assets held 
directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured on real estate collateral. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and any of the foregoing could have a 
materially adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk 
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of assets or from a 
decrease of income from those assets.  
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the management of 
Banco Montepio's pension fund. In addition, the Risk Department produces monthly reports on the evolution of the market 
value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators.  
As at 31 December 2020, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements recognised in the other comprehensive income of the 
pension fund amounted to €301.2 million (€300.9 million as at 31 December 2019).  
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to make additional 
payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio's pension fund constitutional documents, which, 
depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial 
condition and operating results or prospects.  
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being determined using 
financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time  
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not limited to, scoring 
models used to assess clients' (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans granted by the Banco Montepio Group. 
Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal models and to adapt them to constantly changing 
market conditions, these models do not exclude the possibility of Banco Montepio incurring losses associated with factors 
not foreseen or contemplated in the model's respective parameters or methodology. This could have an adverse effect on 
Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Deferred Tax Assets Regime 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets ("DTAs") of €496.2 million (€434.7 million as at 
31 December 2019), of which €66.9 million were not dependent on future profitability (€58.3 million as at 31 December 
2019). 
According to current legislation, if the Issuer incurs losses, there is the risk that the Portuguese Government will become 
a shareholder of Banco Montepio by virtue of the DTA conversion into ordinary shares.  
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the DTA could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
For further information, please refer to section "Banking regulation in Portugal". 
IT and Telecommunications Systems Risk 
The Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information technology ("IT") systems, as 
a result the failure of computer or telecommunications systems could have an adverse effect on the Issuer. Given the high 
volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they 
are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, employees or systems, 
including any of the Issuer's financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage 
to the Issuer's reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, the Issuer's ability to conduct 
business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its operations and the communities 
in which it does business. 
IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking 
and physical damage to vital IT centres. IT systems need regular upgrading and banks, including the Issuer, may not be

--- Page 20 ---
20 
able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure 
to protect financial industry operations from cyberattacks could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other 
sensitive information. A breach of sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant reputational 
impact and significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened, especially during the current COVID-19 pandemic, 
because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers. 
Failure of the Issuer's IT systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) obligations and have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of misconduct by 
employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of misconduct by employees 
and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third party service providers and external staff, 
including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, 
claims, fines, regulatory action, legal proceedings or reputational damage.  
The Issuer may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts by individuals 
and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit fraud through 
electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer (including with respect to 
clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions processed through these systems) are a growing 
threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to technology — including cyber security — change rapidly and require 
continued focus and investment. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is 
possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Issuer 
may as a result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing that data 
is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a cyber-attack may 
take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and administrative enforcement by 
supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects and its position in legal proceedings. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures adopted with respect 
to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to be inadequate and/or not in compliance 
with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may not be promptly or properly implemented by employees 
and associates, especially considering the entry into force on 25 May 2018 of the General Data Protection Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural 
persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC). Thus, data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those 
authorised by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of the 
Issuer).  
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects.  
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework 
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions 
The current legislation in Portugal, Decree-Law 3/2010 of 5 January 2010, prohibits charges for the provision of payment 
services and for operations at ATMs. The law prohibits the collection of charges by credit institutions for cash withdrawals, 
deposits or service payments at ATMs, as well as the collection of charges by beneficiaries of payment services for payment 
transactions via automatic payment terminals. This legislation was extended on 26 August 2020, and came into effect on

--- Page 21 ---
21 
1 January 2021, to impose limits on the collection of commissions by payment service providers for withdrawals of funds, 
payments of services or transfers, in or through payment applications operated by third parties (e.g. MBWay or PayPal), 
websites or in a merchant shop and for issuing virtual cards for secure purchases on websites and codes for cash 
withdrawals at ATMs. Additionally, on 28 August 2020 new legislation was introduced, Law 57/2020, which came into 
effect on 1 January 2021. This legislation has introduced rules for the protection of consumers of financial services in 
banking commissioning, housing credit and consumer credit, which prohibits imposing additional commission for certain 
activities. 
Other similar or broader initiatives may arise in the future, the content and range of which is still unknown, that may 
impose more limits to commissions charged by banks, including the Issuer, which may adversely affect the business and 
performance of the Issuer. 
Exposure to extensive and changing legislative and regulatory oversight 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each location where it 
operates. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Portugal, could materially affect the Issuer's business, the 
products and services it offers or the value of its assets. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in the Portuguese 
Government, EU authorities and relevant regulatory bodies, introducing legislative and regulatory changes. Future changes 
in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. There is a risk that 
changes in financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies might negatively affect the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Borrower's protection laws 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for borrowers, 
including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, monitoring the execution of loan 
agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of borrowers and present default 
correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from 
home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's 
options to (i) terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits 
over the borrower; or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for 
borrower's protection are expected to continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer's rights with respect 
to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Implications of a negative EURIBOR on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential real estate property 
Law No. 32/2018, of 18 July, amending Decree-Law No. 74-A/2017, of 23 June, on credit agreements for borrowers 
relating to residential real estate property, entered into force on 19 July 2018 and, in the context of residential loan 
agreements, imposes on banking institutions, including the Issuer, the obligation to reflect the existence of negative rates 
in the calculation of interest rates applicable to the loans. 
According to this new law, when the sum of the relevant index rate (such as EURIBOR) and the relevant margin is negative, 
this negative interest rate amount will have to either (i) be discounted from the principal amounts outstanding of the 
relevant loans or (ii) be converted into a credit which may in the future set off against positive interest rates (and ultimately 
paid to the borrowers if it has not fully been set off at maturity). 
The compliance with the above-mentioned law may have a negative impact in relation to the interest accruing on the 
housing loans forming part of the Issuer's loan portfolio, insofar as a variable interest rate has been agreed under such 
loans, and the relevant EURIBOR rate is below zero. This may negatively affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Regulation of the Portuguese Financial Industry on Prudential Matters 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to extensive regulation 
by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the ECB and the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), mainly relating to 
liquidity levels, solvency and provisioning, and also extensive regulation by the Portuguese Securities Regulator (the 
"CMVM") (including, as an insurance intermediary (type 1)) and supervision by the Insurance and Pension Funds 
Supervisory Authority ("ASF"), as well as by other competent regulators of jurisdictions in which it operates.  
Activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer limit its ability to advance loans to customers 
and may require it to issue additional capital in the future. This may affect the Issuer's future activities, its results and the 
cost and ability to obtain funds that could be classified as own funds, and the repayment of the existing subordinated debt. 
Pressure to comply with activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer could force the Issuer 
to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms, thus leading to a materially adverse impact on its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer's activities, in particular in Portugal, may have a 
negative impact on the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its assets. Future regulatory 
changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are outside the Issuer's control. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. A potential further alignment by Banco 
de Portugal to the ECB's regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in certain areas, such as capital 
requirements and acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco 
Montepio Group's results and financial position. Further changes or difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with 
new tax or variations in the interpretation of laws, regulations and guidelines might negatively affect the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution 
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of resolution 
measures into the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral das Instituições de 
Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras ("RGICSF") regulated by the Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended).  
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree Law no. 114-
B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directives 2014/49/EU of 16 April 
on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
A Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") has been introduced including a single resolution board ("SRB") and a single 
fund for the resolution of banks. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation (as defined below) and 
the BRRD.  
Banco de Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its implementation of 
requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or regulation. Therefore, the Issuer cannot 
anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which proportion, as well as if there could be an impact on the Issuer's 
results and financial position. 
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities regime ("MREL"), became effective during 2016, and 
requires the issue of new senior debt with a subordination structure or strengthening of Tier 2 capital. The implementation 
of the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will have implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, 
which will lead to changes in the liability structure. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet an MREL requirement set 
by Banco de Portugal. The actual size of the Issuer´s MREL has not yet been set. Banco Montepio expects that Banco de 
Portugal will decide and notify it, during 2021, of what its MREL should be, as well as the timing for its implementation. 
The expectation is that Banco Montepio will be granted a period of several years (to be confirmed by Banco de Portugal 
once its MREL requirement is known) to comply with its MREL requirement, but it will be required to comply at least in 
part at an early date.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting its funding 
structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's 
strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a 
potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse market 
conditions or to investors' negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply with the regulatory 
requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned instruments, there is a risk that market 
conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those instruments at a higher premium. These proposals and/or 
requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations 
or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
Basel Committee: potential impact of Basel IV requirements 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") published a package of proposed reforms for 
the global regulatory framework of banking industry which is frequently referred to as "Basel IV". The BCBS's aim is to 
make the capital framework more robust and to improve confidence in the system.  
The BCBS has proposed reforms which are designed to make banks more resilient and increase confidence in the banking 
system. The Basel IV proposals announced recently include updates to the ways banks calculate their capital requirements 
ratios with the aim of making outcomes more comparable across banks globally. 
The framework will now be considered by lawmakers in national jurisdictions and at the EU level. As part of this process, 
national or EU authorities must decide on the use of a limited number of alternative calculations allowed under the BCBS 
proposal, so called "national options and discretions". 
The BCBS proposes a nine-year implementation timetable, which allows considerable time for preparation. A five-year 
"phase-in" period was previously expected to commence on 1 January 2022, with full implementation expected from 1 
January 2027. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the BCBS revised the timeline with the "phase-in" period commencing 
on 1 January 2023, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2028. 
There is still a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel IV implementation, and subsequently how and when 
it will be implemented in the EU. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the impact on the future capital 
requirements of the Issuer. 
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal are expected to change over the next two years as a result of changes 
to the CRD IV/CRR agreed by EU legislators. On 23 November 2016, the EU Commission proposed substantial changes 
to the CRD IV, the CRR, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
framework (the "November 2016 Proposals"). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted by the Council on 14 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the EU, as follows: 
 Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"); and 
 Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms ("SRMR II"), both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be 
implemented on or before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II shall apply from 28 December 2020. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards

--- Page 24 ---
24 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures 
and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty 
credit risk, the implementation of the NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of 
trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU's 
recovery and resolution framework. Most of the provisions of CRD V were required to be transposed into national law by 
28 December 2020, with application immediately thereafter. Although the transposition deadline has passed, CRD V has 
still not been implemented in Portugal. Banco de Portugal, as the Portuguese local regulator, has launched a public 
consultation regarding the draft legal instrument that aims to transpose CRD V into national law. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the public consultation has been concluded and the revised draft legal instrument is expected to be 
published in 2021, however, such date is subject to change. CRR II will apply from 28 June 2021 (subject to certain earlier 
applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the transitional arrangements for International Financial Reporting 
Standard 9 – Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments).  
Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and more demanding 
regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely manner. 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Banco de Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco Espírito Santo 
("BES"), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set up for that purpose and 
capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-law 31- A/2012, of 10 February 2012 (the "Resolution Fund"). 
The Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions 
from the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million 
corresponded to the Resolution Fund's own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted by the Portuguese 
State (the "2014 Portuguese State Loan"), €700 million from a loan granted by a group of credit institutions that are 
members of the Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the "Participants' Loan"). As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's 
share of the Participants' Loan was and remains at €70 million. 
The Issuer's pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer's liabilities and own 
funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. Contributions to the Resolution Fund 
are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the solvency position of each participating institution. 
This number varies over time and it is very difficult to determine the Issuer's exact participation at any given point in time. 
In 2019, the total contribution amount totalled €74.1 million (€60.5 million in 2018), which represented an increase of 
€13.6 million over the previous year, of which approximately 5.8 per cent. were contributions from the Issuer. 
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector and in accordance with the available data, the value received by the 
State amounted to €179.2 million (approximately 5.5 per cent. paid by the Issuer).  
The periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition amounted to €124 million (approximately 5.3 
per cent. paid by the Issuer), including contributions collected under the combined terms of the scheme transposing BRRD 
and the SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM, which was therefore almost entirely transferred to the 
SRF under Intergovernmental Agreement. 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. ("Banif") cannot 
be anticipated, as there is the risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not 
totally settled. See "The Portuguese Banking Sector – The resolution measure applied to Banif" for further information. 
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors' and economic 
agents' positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant thereto. 
New requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and medium/long-term 
liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"). The LCR addresses 
the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a severe stress scenario and is

--- Page 25 ---
25 
calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of the European Commission, of 10 October 2014. 
Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to maintain, in their own portfolio, high quality liquid assets 
corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash outflows in the following 30 days. 
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with highly liquid assets but low 
profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs, since the ratios increase favours the long-term 
financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact on the Issuer's results. 
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, the breach of which could cause damage to 
the Issuer 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer's banking activities are subject to extensive regulation by, 
among other entities, the ECB, Banco de Portugal, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), the European and Securities 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") and the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("CMVM", Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts 
its activities. These regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money 
laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) issuance 
and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices.  
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails significant costs and 
effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational 
consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism 
financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot 
guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, 
bribery and terrorism financing, as extended to the Issuer, are applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may 
lead to material adverse effects on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.  
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other resources. 
Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the Issuer's reputation, the 
application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in the financial 
services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to continue. Further regulation 
of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and more stringent capital requirements, leverage 
ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure 
of information and more onerous restrictions on certain types of activity or transactions. 
In addition, new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer participates, or 
cause a change in the fees or commissions that the Issuer charges on certain loans or other products; consequently, any 
changes in regulation or supervision, particularly in Portugal, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. The fulfilment of current and future capital 
requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the European Council and the European Parliament (together, the 
"European Authorities"), by Banco de Portugal and by the ECB has had, and could further have, a significant impact on 
the Issuer's capital structure and financial position.  
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions regarding, for 
instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These measures may have a significant 
impact on the Issuer's capital and on its respective assets and liabilities management.  
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum Common Equity Tier 
1 ("CET1") ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a minimum total capital ratio of 8 per cent., in 
each case of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"). 
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the Issuer may limit its ability to 
advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or subordinated debt in the future, which 
are expensive sources of funding.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
CRD V and CRR II introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, the implementation of the 
NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of trading book exposures, in addition to 
other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU's recovery and resolution framework. 
Most of the provisions of CRD V were required to be transposed into national law by 28 December 2020, with application 
immediately thereafter. Although the transposition deadline has passed, CRD V has still not been implemented in Portugal. 
Banco de Portugal, as the Portuguese local regulator, has launched a public consultation regarding the draft legal 
instrument that aims to transpose CRD V into national law. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the public consultation 
has been concluded and the revised draft legal instrument is expected to be published in 2021, however, such date is subject 
to change. CRR II will apply from 28 June 2021 (subject to certain earlier applications and exemptions, such as those 
relating to the transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments). The 
November 2016 Proposals also include phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the ongoing 
interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework. The impact of changes to the IFRS, such as IFRS 9, cannot always 
be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in the fair values and impairments of financial instruments resulting 
from the above could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition, results, 
operations and, if such changes are significant, also on its prospects. The adoption of IFRS 9 may require an increase in 
the level of impairments on their earlier recognition. For more information, see risk factor headed "Basel Committee: 
potential impact of Basel IV requirements". 
Furthermore, under the CRD IV, institutions may be subject to restrictions in relation to making "discretionary payments" 
(which are defined broadly as payments relating to CET1 capital, variable remuneration and payments on additional tier 
1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall in meeting its capital buffer requirements or a failure to meet 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. If the Issuer's ability to make discretionary payments 
becomes subject to such restrictions, this could have an impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital 
or funding (including but not limited to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those features: 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") bear a variable interest income. A holder of a 
Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating 
interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes may be payable plus or minus a margin. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes 
The interest rate on Reset Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will reset on each Reset Date, which 
can be expected to affect the interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset 
Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the First 
Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will 
be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date and with such sum converted as described 
in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) (each such interest rate, 
a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Notes may, subject as provided in the Conditions, be redeemed before their Maturity Date (i) at any time for taxation 
reasons in accordance with Condition 5(c); (ii) if Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer on any Optional Redemption Date; or (iii) in respect of (a) Subordinated Notes only, at any time 
following the occurrence of a Capital Event, and (b) Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes, at any 
time following the occurrence of an MREL Event, in each case at their Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect, or is perceived to be able to elect, to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default. Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an 
event of default in the event of the adoption of any early intervention or resolution measure under the RGICSF 
Noteholders have a very limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes. The terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that (i) an order is made by any competent 
court commencing bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or for its winding up or dissolution, or the 
Issuer institutes such proceedings or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed by the Issuer's shareholders 
for the winding-up of the Issuer. 
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the RGICSF 
following the implementation of the BRRD. The adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself 
constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in 
respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit 
the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default 
arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant 
measure or power which has been applied pursuant to the RGICSF. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default following the 
adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant provisions of the 
BRRD in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure. Any claims on the 
occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions 
of the RGICSF. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations

--- Page 28 ---
28 
under the Notes and the enforcement by a Noteholders of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event 
of default may be limited in these circumstances. 
The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to 
maturity upon a Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event, as applicable 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, or Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" 
in the relevant Final Terms, at any time at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption, upon a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or following the 
occurrence of an MREL Event (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes where 
"Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms upon a Capital 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon an MREL Event (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain 
Ordinary Senior Notes), as applicable, will be subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority (as defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the 
relevant time. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may qualify 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments (see "–The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty") or if any further change in the laws or regulations of Portugal, 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL Requirements or in the application or official interpretation thereof will 
occur and whether such change may lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem such Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to 
redeem such Notes or if any prior consent of the Competent Authority, if required, will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption due to a Capital 
Event) or pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Redemption due to an MREL Event) are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may redeem the Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period or at any time where there is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be 
able to redeem the Notes early. The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is 
subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be MREL-Eligible Instruments (as 
defined in the Conditions) under the MREL Requirements. However, there is uncertainty regarding how those regulations, 
once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If for any reasons the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL 
Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms are not MREL-Eligible Instruments or if they 
initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in Portuguese law or the 
MREL Requirements, then an MREL Event (as defined in the Conditions) will occur, with the consequences indicated in 
the Conditions. See "— The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be 
redeemed prior to maturity upon a Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event".

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their nominal 
amount tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked 
to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as a Reference Rate) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national and 
international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations in a specified 
interest rate benchmark.  Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as LIBOR, which are used 
to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments ("Benchmarks"), 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This 
has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms 
and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change 
in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
or linked to such Benchmark. 
(i)  
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is 
available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent, 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was

--- Page 30 ---
30 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, may adversely affect the value 
of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If a 
Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The 
Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, such Issuer may determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval 
of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the 
Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest and the application of any 
Adjustment Spread may result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.  
(iii)  
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or each of the Independent Adviser and the Issuer may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the Independent Adviser (failing 
which, the Issuer) is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset 
Period, respectively, will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs 
before the first Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest will be the 
initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) 
has failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
as applicable, it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
lf the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser (and the Issuer, as the case may be) 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity.  Further, the Conditions provide that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Competent Authority treating a future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the 
Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. This also risks the Floating Rate Notes in effect becoming Fixed Rate 
Notes.  
(iv) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to 
be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an "IBOR" 
Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen 
rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty 
as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return of the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes will have limited remedies 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment 
of principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the winding up of 
the Issuer and/or proving in any winding up of the Issuer. As such, the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes 
are more limited than those typically available to Senior Creditors or holders of senior-ranking securities, including Senior 
Notes, which may make enforcement more difficult. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior 
Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) 
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of Portuguese taxes on any payments under the terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the 
Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon 
issuance) applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required 
to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary 
Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) 
to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
upon issuance), Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under the Subordinated Notes ,the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as

--- Page 32 ---
32 
MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) upon redemption, and the market value of the Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-
Eligible Instruments upon issuance) may be adversely affected. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off, 
netting and compensation rights 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary Senior Note 
(unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set Off" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as "Not Applicable") may 
exercise or claim any set-off, netting or compensation right in respect of any amount owned by it to the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Note, the Senior Non Preferred Note or the Ordinary Senior Note, as the 
case may be, and each holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary Senior Note (unless 
"Ordinary Senior Note Waiver of Set Off" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as Not Applicable), as the case may be, 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set 
off. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, if any of the amounts owing to any holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with the relevant Notes is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall 
hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer 
(as the case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 5(j), if a Capital Event or a MREL Event occurs, 
the Issuer may (subject to (a) the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
and the Agents in accordance with Condition 12, which notice shall be irrevocable (i) that the relevant securities will be 
Compliant Securities and (ii) that such securities will not have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than the 
terms of the relevant Notes) at its option and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or (ii) vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 5(j)). While Compliant Securities generally must 
contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant Notes, there can 
be no assurance that the terms of any Compliant Securities will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the 
Compliant Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the relevant Notes would have traded on the 
basis of their original terms. 
Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should be read together 
with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described above. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the relevant Conditions) will be unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior to all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions)). Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes 
will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented 
in Portugal through Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015 (which amended the RGICSF)) and the Subordinated Notes 
become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power, as defined below, (and, in case they constitute Tier 2 
instruments, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below)) or (ii) insolvent.  
The Portuguese Bail-in Power is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating 
to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms incorporated in the Republic of Portugal, in effect and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
applicable to the Issuer, including the laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD 
(including, but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which amended the RGICSF), (ii) the SRM 
Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of credit 
institutions or investment firms (or other affiliate of such entities) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of such credit institutions or investment firms or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period). 
In the case of any exercise of the Portuguese Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for the principal amount 
of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes if they qualify as such as it is expected) to be written-down or 
converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to the principal amount of subordinated debt that is not 
Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments (Instruments) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable 
insolvency legislation and for the latter to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior 
to any write-down or conversion of the principal amount or outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as 
the Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the 
applicable insolvency legislation. Subordinated Notes which constitute Tier 2 instruments may be subject to the Non-
viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), which may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise 
of the Portuguese Bail-In Power Measure.  
The RGICSF provides for the resolution authorities having the power to permanently write down, or convert into equity 
(common equity tier 1 instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such institution's group and before any other resolution action 
has been taken (the "Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure"). 
An investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss compared to creditors of the Issuer's Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated 
obligations including the Ordinary Senior Notes and deposits which provide a preferential claim over the claim of holders 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured senior non preferred obligations of the Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A of Decree Law No. 199/2006 of 
25 October 2006, as amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive 
2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 ("Article 8-A"). Upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of rights of the holders of any Senior Non Preferred Notes rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as 
a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions), (b) junior to any present or future claims of any Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of claims 
of depositors of the Issuer and the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of the Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities, and (c) senior to any present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its obligations in respect of unsecured 
derivatives and other unsecured financial contracts and its unsubordinated and unsecured debt securities other than the 
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 confers a preferential claim for generally all bank 
deposits (including all corporate bank deposits) over both Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. If the 
Issuer were wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the assets which are available to satisfy all 
claims in respect of its unsubordinated liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors (including depositors and 
secured creditors in respect of their security) ranking ahead of holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then to 
satisfy claims of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and then the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and other Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher ranking creditors (including 
depositors) in full, the claims of the Noteholders under Notes will not be satisfied. Noteholders will share equally in any 
distribution of assets available to satisfy all claims in respect of equal-ranking liabilities if the Issuer does not have 
sufficient funds to make full payment to all of them.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its liabilities under the Notes may be subject to bail-in, meaning potential 
write-down or conversion into equity securities or other securities. The sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion 
of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for claims to be written-down or converted into equity in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are Senior Non Preferred Liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after 
any subordinated obligations of the Issuer and before any of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down 
or converted. 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than creditors of the 
Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their investment if the Issuer were to 
become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and the Senior Non Preferred Notes were to become subject to the 
application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power or (ii) insolvent. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history 
On 14 March 2019, Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 entered into force. This legislation implements Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and provides for the legal recognition of 
unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations in Portugal. It also confers a preferential claim to generally 
all bank deposits vis-à-vis senior unsecured debt (including the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior 
Notes). There is little trading history for senior non preferred securities of Portuguese financial institutions. Market 
participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non 
preferred securities. The credit ratings assigned to senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as 
the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non 
preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of 
issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may incur losses in respect of their investments in the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including macroeconomic risk, liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition 
and results, operations or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
COVID-19 pandemic impacting global economy and markets  
Coronaviruses (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases 
such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-
CoV). COVID-19, reportedly first discovered in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, on 31 December 2019, is a new strain 
that has not been previously identified in humans.  
The impact of COVID-19 on global markets has been varied, increasing short-term volatility and leaving investors 
concerned over slowing economic growth in the world economy. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, given the 
uncertainty of the lasting effect of the COVID-19 outbreak, the financial impact on the global economy cannot be 
determined. In the medium to long term, if the rapid spread of COVID-19 continues, it could adversely affect global 
economies and financial markets, resulting in a prolonged economic downturn. The economic recovery post-COVID-19 
will be dependent on the continued spread of COVID-19. COVID-19 carries supply chain implications, including 
limitations on the global movement of people and goods, disruption of industrial production and the reduction of private 
consumption.  
The actions taken by governments and other relevant authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the 
imposition of quarantine, stay at home or mandatory business closures may reduce the ability of the Issuer and its clients 
to carry out their work. This may, either directly or indirectly, have an impact on the Issuer, its clients, investors and credit 
markets which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
prospects. For more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and similar future outbreaks" and the section headed "The Portuguese Economy". 
Although COVID-19 is still spreading and the final implications of this pandemic are difficult to estimate at this stage, it 
will have significant consequences and will have a substantial worldwide negative effect. As such, the Issuer may be 
adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar 
future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy. 
The impact of the financial and credit crisis 
The capital and credit markets have experienced several periods of volatility and disruption, since 2008. The market 
dislocations have led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing widespread liquidation of assets 
and further constraining the credit markets. These asset sales, along with asset sales by other leveraged investors, including 
some hedge funds, have driven down prices and valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price 
deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on the balance sheet of 
Banco Montepio, and reduces its ability to sell assets at prices deemed acceptable.  
If current levels of market volatility worsen significantly, Banco Montepio's ability to access the capital markets and obtain 
the necessary funding to support its business activities on acceptable terms may be adversely affected. Among other things, 
an inability to refinance assets on the balance sheet or maintain appropriate levels of capital to protect against deteriorations 
in their value could force Banco Montepio to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms. 
These factors could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects of Banco Montepio. 
United Kingdom's Exit from the European Union 
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020. Therefore, 
the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the 
UK. 
The Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union 
and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 24 January 2020 provided the UK with a transitional period until 31 
December 2020, during which the UK was bound by EU rules despite not being a member state thereof and remained in 
the single market area, while the future terms of the UK's relationship with the EU were being negotiated. On 24 December 
2020, the EU and the UK agreed on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), 
which sets out the principles of the relationship between the EU and the UK following the end of the transitional period. 
The European Commission has proposed to apply the Trade and Cooperation Agreement on a provisional basis for a 
limited time until 28 February 2021, by which time the Trade and Cooperation Agreement must be approved by the 
European Parliament. Given the recent agreement on the wording of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and its 
provisional application, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the exact terms of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, 
its practical application and the overall relationship of the UK and the EU is not fully clear. Any delays with the approval 
of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement by the European Parliament, its potential problematic provisions or its potential 
uncertain interpretation could adversely and significantly affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions 
and may contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets. In addition, it would likely lead to legal 
uncertainty and divergent national laws and regulations.  
The Portuguese economy could be adversely affected given the importance of the UK as an export market and as a source 
of tourism. Given the current uncertainties there can be no assurance that the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects will not be affected by market developments, notably the depreciation of the 
exchange rate of GBP against the euro and higher financial market volatility in general due to increased uncertainty 
surrounding the aforementioned factors. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the matters described above would 
not adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Any of these effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could adversely affect the Issuer's business, results, 
operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could negatively impact the value of the Notes. 
Economic activity in Portugal 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by the level and 
cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and 
political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a material effect on the Issuer's financial 
condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in Portugal's international economic performance and/or 
uncertainty regarding implemented political measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
and on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, pose additional 
challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the Portuguese economy. The uncertainty and risks 
associated with the world economy's growth have increased in recent months, in particular, due to international trade 
tensions (e.g. US and China; US and EU), but also due to the instability surrounding Brexit and to the continued political 
turmoil in Italy. Besides, a sharper slowdown in China's economic activity (despite higher-than-estimated developments 
in early 2019) and the still high sensitivity of some emerging markets to changes in risk premia may accentuate downside 
risks to global economic activity. For more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "COVID-19 pandemic 
impacting global economy and markets". 
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, having a negative 
impact on (i) the Issuer's cost of funding and its ability to issue Notes under the Programme; (ii) the yield of Portuguese 
Government bonds, impacting the capital position of the Issuer; and (iii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would 
have a negative impact on the business of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking and financial 
services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by the evolution of economic 
activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of borrowing are heavily dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the Portuguese economy and market interest rates. 
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation is still unfolding, and private and public debt levels remain high. It is still 
unclear whether the Portuguese economy will recover in a sustainable way, particularly through an increase in public and 
private investment.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, and may adversely affect its business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic conditions in Portugal 
have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and the financial situation of the Issuer's 
clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and services that the Issuer has to offer. In particular, 
limited growth in customer loans is expected in the coming years, which may make it difficult for the Issuer to generate 
enough interest income to maintain its net interest margin. Additionally, an environment of extremely low or even negative 
interest rates is expected to continue, which limits the Issuer's ability to increase net interest margin and profitability, given 
that the majority of the Issuer's loan portfolio is composed of floating interest rate loans. 
Furthermore, the reduction in the profitability of companies and the increase in corporate and personal insolvencies have 
had, and may continue to have, a negative influence on the ability of the Issuer's clients to pay back loans, and, 
consequently, could cause an increase in the ratio of overdue loans, reflecting a deterioration of the Issuer's quality of 
assets.  
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of the Issuer.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly

--- Page 37 ---
37 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on 
the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There is no obligation on the Issuer 
to maintain any rating for itself or for the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A securities 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated independently of any other 
securities rating. Any rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the 
Notes are subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to provide any credit 
facilities or credit enhancement for the original ratings to be restored. Any such lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a 
rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the Notes.  
The ratings assigned to the Notes assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest due on each Interest Payment 
Date to holders of the Notes, and the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to the Notes on the Maturity 
Date. The ratings address only the credit risks associated with the transaction. However, other non-credit risks are not 
addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to investors. Due to the methodology of the main rating agencies, the 
Issuer's credit rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal's sovereign debt. If Portugal's sovereign debt is downgraded, 
the Issuer's credit rating may also likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the negative economic 
impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread 
health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Notes.  
If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.  
Legal considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
Relationship with the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer may routinely hedge their credit exposure

--- Page 38 ---
38 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
Appointment of a Dealer as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such 
case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary 
course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such 
Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, 
it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Credit Rating Agency Regulation requirements 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country 
non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and 
their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out 
on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Modification and waiver 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Instrument contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to make any modification to the provisions of the Conditions or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error; or (iv) is to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by English law, save that Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) and the provisions relating to the form (representação formal) 
and transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights 
under the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Portuguese law or administrative 
practice in either of those jurisdictions after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.  
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see further "Legislation 
on Bank Recovery and Resolution" above). The impact on investors, in a resolution scenario, depends crucially on the rank 
of the liability in the resolution creditor hierarchy. In the event of resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the 
Notes may be reduced to zero or the Notes may be converted into ordinary shares of the Issuer or other instruments of 
ownership; (ii) a transfer of assets (e.g. to a bridge bank) or a sale of business may limit the capacity of the Issuer to meet 
its repayment obligations; and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can be altered and the 
payments may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied no shareholder or creditor of the 
institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have losses greater than it would have if the institution 
had entered into liquidation. Noteholders may have a right to compensation if the treatment they receive in resolution is 
less favourable than the treatment they would have received under normal liquidation proceedings ("no creditor worse 
off"). This assessment must be based on an independent valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as well as 
payment of any potential consideration, may be delayed and occur considerably later than contractual payment dates. 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, including the write-down or conversion 
(in whole or in part) of their Notes. Any such actions or the perceived likelihood of any such actions being taken may 
adversely impact the price or value of their investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders' details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the clearing systems 
will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of the Notes (the "beneficial 
owner") of the information referred to in "Risks related to withholding tax" above required to comply with the procedures 
and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005. Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, the obligation of collecting 
from the beneficiaries proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other requirements for the 
exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the entities 
managing the international clearing systems. Details of those procedures are set out in "Taxation – Special Debt securities 
tax regime". Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and 
regulations, further clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, and the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa. Beneficiaries must comply 
with such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of any withholding, if applicable. Beneficiaries 
must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment 
of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility 
therefor. 
Reliance upon Interbolsa procedures 
Investments in Notes will be subject to Interbolsa procedures and Portuguese law with respect to the following: 
(a) Form and Transfer of the Notes 
Notes held through accounts of affiliate members of Interbolsa will be represented in dematerialised book-entry form 
(forma escritural) and are registered Notes (nominativas). 
Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in control 
accounts by the affiliate members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant holders. Such control accounts will reflect at all 
times the aggregate number of Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened by the clients of the affiliate 
members of Interbolsa (which may include Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, thus becoming indirect Participants 
in Interbolsa). The transfer of Notes and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa. 
(b) Payments on Notes 
All payments on Notes (including without limitation the payment of accrued interest, coupons and principal) will be (i) 
made by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) transferred, in accordance with the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the 
account held by the Agent with Banco de Portugal to the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa who hold control 
accounts on behalf of the Noteholders and, thereafter, (iii) transferred by the affiliate members of Interbolsa from their 
accounts to the accounts of their clients (which may include Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
The Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. The records relating to 
payments made in respect of beneficial interests in the Notes are maintained by the affiliate members of Interbolsa and the 
Issuer accepts no responsibility for, and will not be liable in respect of, the maintenance of such records. 
(c) Risks related to withholding tax applicable on the Notes 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended, investment income paid to non-resident beneficial 
owners of Notes, and capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of such Bonds, will be exempt from Portuguese 
income tax only if certain documentation requirements are duly complied with.  
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the clearing systems 
will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of the Notes (the "beneficial 
owner") of the information required to comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005. Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, the obligation of collecting from the beneficiaries' proof of their non-
Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering 
entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. 
Details of those procedures are set out in "Special Debt securities tax regime" under "Taxation" chapter. Such procedures 
may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from 
the Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. 
While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa, beneficiaries must comply with such procedures in order to receive payments 
under the Notes free of any withholding tax, if applicable.  
Failure to comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of the Portuguese domestic 
withholding tax rate (see "Taxation – General tax regime on debt securities"). The Issuer will not gross up payments in 
respect of any such withholding tax in case the conditions described in detail in Taxation below are not fully met, including 
failure to deliver or incorrect filling of the certificate or declaration referred to above. Accordingly, beneficial owners of 
Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their 
Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefore.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1. 
the 
earnings 
release 
of 
the 
Issuer 
for 
the 
first 
three 
months 
of 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-consolidated-
results-1-quarter-2021.pdf ). 
2. 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the notes and the audit report thereon (the "Annual 
Report 
2020") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-annual-report-
2020.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
2020 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT REPORT 
 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................................  
 
164 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
165-166 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................  
 
167 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................................................  
 
168 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .........................................................................  
 
169 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................................................  
 
170-363 
 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements .................................................................................................................................  
 
595-607 
 
3. 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019, together with the notes and the audit report thereon (the "Annual 
Report 
2019") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-annual-report-
2019.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
2019 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT REPORT 
 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................................  
 
143 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
144-145 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................  
 
146 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................................................  
 
147 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .........................................................................  
 
148 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................................................  
 
149-351 
 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements .................................................................................................................................  
 
569-580 
 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55-80 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 7 June 
2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Base Prospectus") under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Notes" 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-
obrigacoes-caixa/EMTN-Base-Prospectus-2018-06-07.pdf); and 
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 47-79 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 31 October 
2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Base Prospectus") under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" 
(the 
"2019 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-
obrigacoes-caixa/base-prospectus-31-october-2019.pdf).   
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered to be 
additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the Prospectus Regulation. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no other part of the 2018 Base Prospectus or the 2019 Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus (other than (i) the 2018 Conditions contained on pages 55-80 (inclusive) of the 2018 Base 
Prospectus; and (ii) the 2019 Conditions contained on pages 47-79 (inclusive) of the 2019 Base Prospectus). 
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
The documents listed above have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained free of charge at the specified offices of the Issuer 
and the Agent and will also be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
unless they are incorporated separately elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.  
Issuer 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
("Banco Montepio" and the "Issuer"). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are 
to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Agent 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and registered 
form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through 
Interbolsa, as management entity of the Central de Valores 
Mobiliários. The terms and conditions of each series of Notes shall be 
the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented and/or completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by Banco Montepio in 
favour of the holders of the Notes dated 17 June 2021 (the 
"Instrument"). 
Clearing Systems 
Interbolsa, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies 
Notes may only be issued in EUR ("euro"), USD ("United States 
Dollar"), GBP ("British Pound Sterling"), JPY ("Japanese Yen"), 
CHF ("Swiss Franc"), AUD ("Australian Dollar") and CAD 
("Canadian Dollar"), or any other currency as Interbolsa accepts for 
registration and clearing securities. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and as permitted by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) and subject as provided below, any maturity as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity of at least five 
years or as otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) from time to time.  
 
Notes shall not be issued with a maturity of less than 398 (three 
hundred and ninety-eight) days or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
According to the Luxembourg Act relating to prospectuses for 
securities (the "Luxembourg Act"), the CSSF is not competent to 
approve prospectuses for the listing of money market instruments 
having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and which also 
comply with the definition of securities in the Luxembourg Act. 
Specified Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or

--- Page 45 ---
45 
offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in British Pound Sterling) which have 
a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum specified denomination of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal 
to the reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms and as further 
described in the Terms and Conditions. Such interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; and as amended, supplemented and/or updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in British Pound Sterling) which have 
a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue

--- Page 46 ---
46 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). Any early redemption of a 
Subordinated Note will be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Authority. 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount, which shall be at least equal to its 
nominal amount. 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, in the case 
of Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
following an Event of Default or, in the case of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a MREL Event or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, upon a Capital Event, but otherwise early 
redemption will be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-
Eligible Instruments, as applicable, will be subject to the prior consent 
of the competent authorities and/or relevant resolution authorities, to 
the extent required, in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, on 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser who may determine or, if such Independent 
Adviser fails to make any such determination or the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, the Issuer may determine, a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 4(j). 
Optional Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or 
the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior 
Non Preferred Notes. 
Ordinary Senior Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank at least pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities, and senior to all Senior Non Preferred

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Liabilities and all present and future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes). 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer 
and any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) (and accordingly, upon the insolvency of the 
Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met 
after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the Issuer and 
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with Article 8-A (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and senior to all 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer in accordance 
with Article 8-A. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct and unsecured as 
subordinated under Condition 2(b), and will rank pari passu among 
themselves. The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes will, 
in the event of the bankruptcy or the winding up of the Issuer (to the 
extent permitted by Portuguese law), be subordinated in right of 
payment in the manner provided in Condition 2(b) and the Instrument 
to the claims of all Senior Creditors of that Issuer including claims of 
depositors, to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer but shall 
rank (a) at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations 
of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of 
the Issuer and all obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, pari passu therewith and (b) in priority to any present or future 
(1) the claims of holders of all share capital of the Issuer, (2) the claims 
of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, (3) the claims of holders of all 
undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the Issuer and (4) the 
claims of holders of all other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer. 
Substitution and Variation 
Where "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or "MREL Event 
– Substitution and Variation", as the case may be, is specified as 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Capital Event or an 
MREL Event, as the case may be, has occurred and is continuing, or if 
required to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
15, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 5(j)). 
Negative Pledge 
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior 
Notes: Negative Pledge" is expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" 
in the relevant Final Terms. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes

--- Page 48 ---
48 
— Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes". 
Cross Default 
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior 
Notes: Cross-default" is expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in 
the relevant Final Terms. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Events of Default". 
Limited Rights of Acceleration 
A Noteholder's rights to accelerate Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior 
Notes: Events of Default" Condition 10(a) is expressly specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms are limited to insolvency 
or winding up type events only. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes — Events of Default".  
Ratings 
The Programme has been rated: (P)Caa1 (senior unsecured) / (P)Caa1 
(senior non-preferred) / (P)Caa1 (subordinated) / (P)Caa2 (junior 
subordinated) / NP (short-term) by Moody's Investor Service España, 
S.A. ("Moody's"); CCC (senior unsecured) / CCC (senior non-
preferred) / B (short-term) by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and B 
(senior unsecured) / CCC (high) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by 
DBRS Ratings Limited ("DBRS"). Moody's is established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. Fitch and DBRS are 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme") may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to 
be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such ratings will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
taxation reasons or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes, for regulatory 
capital treatment reasons. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes— 
Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes in Portugal unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, subject 
to customary exceptions and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics 
such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
upon issuance), in relation to interest only, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts

--- Page 49 ---
49 
as would have been received by it had no such withholding been 
required, all as described in and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005 (as amended) (See "Taxation – Special 
Debt securities tax regime"). 
Governing Law 
English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions relating 
to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, the 
creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for 
the exercise of rights under the Notes and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 of the 
Instrument are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
The United States, Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area 
Retail Investors, Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors, the Portuguese Republic, Japan, France, Singapore and 
Switzerland. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, as amended. 
 
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") unless the Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general 
financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part 
A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to 
the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by registration in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these terms and conditions 
and by a deed poll given by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (in its capacity as issuer, 
the "Issuer") in favour of the Noteholders as amended and restated on 17 June 2021 (the "Instrument"), which includes 
the form of the Notes referred to below. Agency terms dated 17 June 2021 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date"), the "Agency Terms") has been entered into in relation to 
the Notes by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. in its capacity as Issuer and in its capacity 
as agent (in such capacity, the "Agent"). Copies of the Agency Terms are available for inspection during usual business 
hours at the registered office of the Agent (presently at Rua Castilho 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal).  
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Instrument, and are deemed to have notice of those provisions of the Agency Terms applicable to them. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered nominative (nominativas) form, in the 
Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, the minimum Specified Denomination shall 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration 
of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). 
The Notes shall be issued in registered nominative form (nominativas), not bearer form, whether in definitive bearer form 
or otherwise. 
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa as having an interest 
in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. One or more certificates in relation 
to the Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered by the relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa in respect of its 
registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant Noteholder and in accordance with that affiliated member's 
procedures and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the individual securities account held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa. 
Any Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, 
the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
The Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Notes, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" and (in relation to a Note) "holder" means the person in whose name a Note is 
registered in the records of an affiliated member of Interbolsa.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
2 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes (together, the 
"Senior Notes") and the relative Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, such obligations 
rank and will rank: 
(i) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and 
(b) 
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; 
(b) 
junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to any Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with Article 8-A; and  
(c) 
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in accordance with Article 8-A. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer subordinated as provided below and rank 
and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of payments pursuant to the 
Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the bankruptcy or winding up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by 
Portuguese law) be subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided in this Condition 2(b) and the 
Instrument, to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer but shall rank (a) at least pari passu with the claims 
of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and all obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, pari passu therewith and (b) in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (1) all share capital of 
the Issuer, (2) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, and (3) all other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements for eligible liabilities, resolution and/or solvency then in effect 
in Portugal and applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the 
BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy, minimum requirements for eligible liabilities, resolution and/or solvency in each case to the extent then 
in effect of the Competent Authority and/or any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions 
adopted by the institutions of the European Union (including, for the avoidance of doubt the CRD Regulation); 
"Article 8-A" means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or superseded 
(including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017);

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, as the same may be amended or superseded from 
time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms and Directive 98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998, as the same may be 
amended or superseded from time to time; 
"Competent Authority" means Banco de Portugal, the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority 
(whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having primary responsibility for prudential supervision, resolution matters 
and/or empowered by national law to supervise the Issuer as part of the supervisory system in operation in Portugal 
(and which may be the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) where the context so requires);  
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD Implementing Measures;  
"CRD Directive" means Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 
2002 and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 and 
2006/49/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006, as the same may be amended or 
superseded from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive);  
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR which may from 
time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines 
issued by the Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are 
applicable to the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the 
Group (on a consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2019/878 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending the CRD, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (as the same may be amended or superseded 
from time to time, including by CRR II); 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending the CRR, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as the same may be amended or superseded 
from time to time; 
"Senior Creditors" means (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof in the winding-up of the 
Issuer and who are unsubordinated creditors (credores comuns) of the Issuer (including, without limitation, holders 
of Senior Notes) and (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims 
of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims relate to obligations which constitute, or would, but 
for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, 
or whose claims otherwise rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the 
Subordinated Notes);

--- Page 53 ---
53 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations of the Issuer under any Ordinary Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; 
"Senior Non Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations of 
the Issuer under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non Preferred Notes) and any other obligations which, by law 
and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes; 
"Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time; and 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
This Condition 2(c) applies to: (i) Subordinated Notes; (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes; and (iii) Ordinary Senior 
Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-Off" is expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
No holder of a relevant Note may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting or compensation in 
respect of any amount owed by it to the Issuer arising out of or in connection with the relevant Notes and each 
holder of such Note shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to have 
waived all such rights of set-off or netting. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder by the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under or in connection with the relevant Notes is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to 
applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of 
its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer) and, until such time 
as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or, as 
appropriate, administrator of the Issuer (as the case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed 
not to have taken place. 
3 
Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior Notes  
(a) 
Restriction 
This Condition 3(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Negative Pledge" is expressly 
specified to be "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
So long as any of the Ordinary Senior Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Instrument) neither the Issuer 
nor any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest ("Security") upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, 
assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect 
of any Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Ordinary 
Senior Notes (A) are secured equally and rateably therewith in the same manner or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (B) have the benefit of such other security, 
guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Ordinary 
Senior Noteholders. 
(b) 
Relevant Indebtedness 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future (actual or contingent) 
indebtedness for money borrowed or raised in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock, certificates or other instruments that are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or traded on any 
stock exchange, or other securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) (other than 
an issue which is placed in Portugal in an amount greater than 50 per cent. of its aggregate principal amount). For 
the avoidance of doubt, "indebtedness for money borrowed or raised", for the purpose of this definition, does 
not include preference shares or any other equity securities or Covered Bonds (as defined below).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
"Covered Bonds" means any mortgage-backed bonds and/or covered bonds or notes issued by the Issuer, the 
obligations of which benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) as a result of them 
being collateralised by a defined pool of assets comprised of mortgage loans or other loans permitted by applicable 
Portuguese legislation to be included in the pool of assets and where the requirements for that collateralisation are 
regulated by applicable Portuguese legislation. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
interest is payable in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date") and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount, in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 
4(g) and, for such purposes, references in Condition 4(a) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be 
to "Reset Notes" and Condition 4(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to Condition 4(j), the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and with such sum converted as described in the definition of First Reset Rate 
of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of

--- Page 55 ---
55 
this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, an amount set out in the relevant Final Terms as the "First 
Reset Period Fallback". 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii), "Mid-Swap Reference Banks" means the principal office 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Agent and any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day (where a "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) 
thereafter. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will notify 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any reset Rate of Interest and relevant Interest Amount(s) no later 
than the first day of each Reset Period. 
(iv) 
Determination or Calculation  
If for any reason the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the First Reset Rate of 
Interest, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest or to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with 
this Condition 4(b), the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it on its behalf) shall determine the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) at such rate as, in its absolute 
discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4 and to 
any terms specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the Issuer (or its agent) shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination 
or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either specified in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and, subject to Condition 4(j), the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards), 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at either 11.00 a.m. (London 
time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent or other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (and references in this Condition 4(c)(iii)(B) to "Calculation Agent" shall be 
construed accordingly). 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such

--- Page 57 ---
57 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Notes will be determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) above applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 5(b)(i)(B). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
countries of such currency.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect 
of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in 
the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and quotations given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Conditions 4(b) and 4(c) by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to 
the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Determination or Calculation  
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the 
Issuer shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary consequential amendments, 
to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 4(b) and 4(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable and at its 
own cost (provided that, in the case of Reset Notes, such appointment need not be made earlier than 
30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference Rate is to be used to determine any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof)), to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 4(j)(v) and 4(j)(vi)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(j)(i) shall be required 
to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Issuer Determination 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (b) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
Condition 4(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may itself 
determine (but shall not be obliged to determine) (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this 
Condition 4(j) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(j) applying mutatis mutandis to allow 
such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation with an Independent Adviser). In 
the event the Issuer decides to make a determination in accordance with this Condition 4(j), without 
prejudice to the definitions hereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer shall take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets. 
(iii) 
Issuer's failure to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, or otherwise 
decides not to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(j), 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, respectively. If there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, shall be substituted in place of the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset 
Period, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods 
or Reset Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 4(j)(i).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(iv) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)). 
(v) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) and the Independent Adviser (or Issuer, as the case 
may be) determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (b) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
4(j)(vii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(vi), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Competent 
Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments of 
the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Calculation Agent, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (c) (subject to Condition 4(j)(v) above) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(if any). 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Agent's ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(viii) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(j), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) or 4(c), as applicable, will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser (failing 
which, the Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(vi).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, either generally 
or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used, 
provided that in the case of (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of 
publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate or the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a "TARGET Business Day") 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Additional Business Centres. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴ ୶ (ଢ଼మ – ௒భ)] ା [ଷ଴ ୶ (୑మ – ୑భ)] ା (ୈమ – ୈభ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴ ୶ (ଢ଼మ – ଢ଼భ)] ା [ଷ଴ ୶ (୑మ – ୑భ)] ା (ୈమ – ୈభ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴ ୶ (ଢ଼మ – ଢ଼భ)] ା [ଷ଴ ୶ (୑మ – ୑భ)] ା (ୈమ – ୈభ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"EURIBOR" means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended from time to time. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iv) 
and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be 
made by the Calculation Agent). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4(j)(i). 
"Fixed Leg Frequency" means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is British Pound Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
British Pound Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended, supplemented and/or updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"LIBOR" means the London interbank offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), for any Reset 
Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg 
Frequency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
for the Floating Leg Frequency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject to Condition 4(j), if applicable, EURIBOR if the 
Specified Currency is euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not euro. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if 
applicable) Condition 4(j), either:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final Terms); and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final Terms); and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Rate of Interest" means, in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable, and in any other case, the rate of interest payable from time to 
time in respect of the Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four major 
banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate, being either LIBOR or EURIBOR, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory bodies 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), 
in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 4(a) as if the 
relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date.  
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the First 
Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date

--- Page 68 ---
68 
and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each 
such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with 
such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes during the Subsequent Reset 
Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known 
as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more calculation agents if provision is made for 
them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Instrument). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Senior Note or 
Subordinated Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount). Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable 
Banking Regulations will have an original maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise permitted or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
required in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no payments of principal under the Notes will be made in instalments.  
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early Redemption 
Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such Note 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to 
the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such subparagraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. In the 
case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption is also subject to the provisions of Condition 2(b) and 
Condition 5(k). The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) above), 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount (together with any accrued interest). 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Portugal or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first tranche of Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
(but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption cannot occur earlier than five years from the Issue Date 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes and its exercise is subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k).  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the information required for 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but subject to 
Condition 5(k)) at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with 
interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption) if, at any time, the Issuer determines that a 
Capital Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Competent Authority that 
all or any part of the Notes are not eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer or the Group pursuant 
to Applicable Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital as applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be). For the avoidance of doubt, any 
amortisation of the Notes pursuant to the CRR shall not constitute a Capital Event; and 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
(f) 
Redemption due to an MREL Event 
If, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - 
MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms only, following the MREL 
Requirement Date, an MREL Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may at its option, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5(k), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance 
with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes 
on the date specified for redemption in such notice. 
Notes redeemed early pursuant to this Condition 5(f) will be redeemed at their early redemption amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event)") (which shall be the principal amount or such other Early 
Redemption Amount (MREL Event) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions under 
the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in Portugal), Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing the BRRD, or any successor requirement under 
EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Portugal; 
"MREL Event" means, if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
or in the application or official interpretation thereof, in any case becoming effective after the Issue Date of 
the first tranche of Notes, that at any time, on or following the MREL Requirement Date, all or part of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms does not fully qualify 
or ceases to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where such non-
qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes being less than any period 
prescribed for MREL-Eligible Instruments by the Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) is as a result of the 
relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy-back of the relevant Notes which is 
funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes 
- MREL Event" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, is due to the relevant Ordinary 
Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in connection to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any 
limitation on the amount of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL- Eligible 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"MREL-Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that complies with the MREL Requirements; 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the date from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged to meet any 
MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If, in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only, Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deliver a notice to the Agent in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Interbolsa stating the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised 
(a "Put Notice") to the specified office of the Agent at any time within the notice period during normal 
business hours of the Agent. In the Put Notice the relevant Noteholder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 5. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (but subject to Condition 5(k) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments) 
may purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, or the relevant Subsidiary cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in accordance with the applicable regulations of 
Interbolsa. All Notes so cancelled shall not be capable of being reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged upon cancellation thereof.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(j) 
Substitution and Variation of Notes 
If (i) "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or "MREL Event – Substitution and Variation", as the case 
may be, is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer is satisfied that a Capital Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(e)) or, as the case may be, an MREL Event (as defined in Condition 5(f)), has 
occurred and is continuing, or (ii) if required to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, 
the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k) and the notice requirements below but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Agent, either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities. Upon the expiry of the notice required by this Condition 5(j), the Issuer shall 
either vary the terms of, or substitute, the relevant Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(j), as the case 
may be and, subject as set out below, the Agent shall agree to such substitution or variation. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) is subject to the Issuer giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent in accordance with Condition 12, 
which notice shall be irrevocable. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) shall not give the Issuer an option to 
redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
"Compliant Securities" means securities that: 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
save in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, have terms not materially 
less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of international standing), 
provided that such securities: 
(1) 
contain terms such that they qualify as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as 
the case may be; and 
(2) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder's perspective, more 
favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date 
and Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant Series of 
Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(3) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued interest, principal 
and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(4) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/or interest; and 
(5) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, write-
off or conversion to ordinary shares, other than through the application of statutory 
powers pursuant to the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(6) 
do not contain terms such that redemption pursuant to any one or more of Conditions 
5(c), 5(e) or 5(f) could occur upon, or be foreseeable as a result of, such substitution or 
variation;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(d) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) such other EEA 
regulated market as selected by the Issuer; and 
(e) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited 
by the Issuer from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation (a 
"Published Rating") each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, (i) an equal or higher Published Rating to the relevant Notes as substituted or varied or 
(ii) where the Published Rating was, as a result of Condition 15 becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the Published Rating 
immediately prior to such amendment.  
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investor Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and DBRS Ratings 
Limited or their respective successors. 
(k) 
Pre-conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Notes 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Notes in accordance with Conditions 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 
5(f), 5(g), 5(h) and 5(j) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the Competent Authority's prior consent or permission if and to the extent 
required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time; 
(ii) 
the Issuer having complied with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time; 
(iii) 
in the case of early redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) only, before the publication of any 
notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and 
(2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment; 
(iv) 
in the case of the early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) only, the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that (a) the change in the 
applicable tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the 
most recent Tranche of the Notes and (b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; and 
(v) 
in the case of early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) only, the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that (a) the circumstances giving 
rise to a Capital Event were not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche 
of the Subordinated Notes and (b) the change in the applicable regulatory classification is sufficiently 
certain. 
6 
Payments  
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the Noteholders maintained 
by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in euro, details of which appear in the records of the 
relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment Business Day (as defined 
below) before the due date for payment of principal and or interest. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day which (subject to Condition 8): 
(a) 
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and or interest; and 
(b) 
is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(b) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, all payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer or its 
agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7), or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (iii) such other agents as 
may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Portugal, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to 
an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall (subject to the 
conditions and limitations set out below) be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. Payments of interest and other 
types of remuneration on the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes 
imposed or levied by the Portuguese Republic where the relevant proof of non-residence status has been 
provided by the Noteholders to the direct registration entities prior to the Relevant Date. In the event that any 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Portugal or any political subdivision or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax is required by law, the Issuer shall pay in respect of payments 
of principal and interest in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are not 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), and interest only in the case of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) such additional amounts as shall result

--- Page 75 ---
75 
in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them (in respect of payments 
of interest only, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note:  
(i) 
Other connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of having some connection with Portugal 
other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(ii) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding 
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes in respect of whom the 
information (which may include certificates) required in order to comply with Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005 (as amended), and any implementing legislation, is not received; or 
(B) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes (i) in respect of whom the 
information and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any applicable 
tax treaty is not received before the Relevant Date, and (ii) who is resident in one of the states which 
is party to any such applicable tax treaty; or (C) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial 
owner of the Notes resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime as defined in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or 
superseded from time to time), with the exception of central banks and governmental agencies, 
international bodies recognised by Portugal or entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with 
whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or 
(iii) 
Undisclosed beneficial owners 
presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial owners where such 
beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment and such disclosure is required by law. 
(b) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 5, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 4 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
twenty years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless the relevant Final Terms expressly specify 
Condition 9(a) as being "Not Applicable".

--- Page 76 ---
76 
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes to which this Condition 9(a) applies, if any of the following events 
("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer that the Notes 
are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest: 
(i) 
Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than 10 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal) 
in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
The Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the 
Instrument and such default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after written 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
Cross-Default 
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) 
for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or 
the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may 
be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any moneys borrowed or raised, provided that the amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees 
and/or indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph 
(iii) have occurred, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) or, if greater, an amount equal to 1 per cent. of the Issuer's total equity; or  
(iv) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
One or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is rendered against the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries or a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and in any of the above cases, is not discharged or stayed within 60 days or, if later, the date specified 
therein for payment; or 
(v) 
Security Enforced 
Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the 
taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(vi) 
Insolvency 
Any of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, (ii) stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts or (iii) proposes or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors 
in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or 
any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; or 
(vii) Winding-up 
An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or administration 
of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for 
a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or ceases or through an official action of its 
board of directors threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in

--- Page 77 ---
77 
each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation (i) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Instrument) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and 
assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; 
or 
(viii) Authorisation and Consents 
Any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes and the Instrument, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Instrument 
admissible in evidence in the courts of Portugal, is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(ix) 
Illegality 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any of the Notes or Instrument; or 
(x) 
Analogous Events 
Any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs provided that except in the case of paragraphs (i) 
and (vii) such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"Subsidiary" means any entity of which the Issuer has control and "control" for the purpose of this 
definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or indirect of the majority of the issued and/or 
voting share capital or the right to direct the management and policies of such entity, whether by the 
ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise. A certificate by any two authorised officers of the 
Issuer listing the entities that are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(b) only applies if the Note is (i) a Senior Non Preferred Note, (ii) a Subordinated Note or 
(iii) an Ordinary Senior Note where the applicable Final Terms expressly specify Condition 9(a) as being "Not 
Applicable" and references in this Condition 9(b) to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the Issuer or the Issuer 
institutes such proceedings or suspends payments or makes a general arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors; or 
(ii) 
if otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up of the Issuer, 
any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer that the relevant Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest. For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder may give notice that the Notes shall become immediately 
due and payable other than in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than such sum or sums would otherwise have been payable by 
it (other than as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Without prejudice to Conditions 9(b)(i) and 9(b)(ii) above, if the Issuer breaches any of its obligations under 
the Instrument or the relevant Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Instrument or the such Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect 
of the such Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations), then any Noteholder may bring 
such proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question provided that the Issuer shall not, as 
a result of the bringing of any such proceeding, be obliged to pay any sum sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. However, nothing in this Condition 9(b) shall prevent any Noteholder 
instituting proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of the Issuer in 
respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer arising from the Subordinated Notes or the Instrument 
(including any damages awarded for breach of any such obligation), subject to a grace period of 10 days (in 
the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal). 
For the purpose of this Condition 9(b) only, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes prior to maturity with the 
prior consent or approval of the Competent Authority (if and to the extent such prior consent is required by 
the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time). 
10 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Instrument) of a 
modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Instrument. Such a meeting may be convened 
by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or 
more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever 
the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, 
or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of 
the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised 
Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed). 
(b) 
Modification  
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by acquiring the Notes, the 
Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders), to make any 
modification to the provisions of the Conditions or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error; or (iv) is to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(c) 
Compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
The Issuer shall comply with Applicable Banking Regulations in connection with any modification or 
proposed modification of these Conditions. 
11 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further securities either 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding 
securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities 
issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
12 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the internet site of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
The Issuer shall also comply with Portuguese law in respect of Notices. 
13 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and the Instrument and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and 
the provisions relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, creation of security over 
the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes, and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 
of the Instrument, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes 
("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Hackwood Secretaries Limited at its offices presently located at One Silk 
Street, London EC2Y 8HQ as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in England. 
15 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which

--- Page 80 ---
80 
for the purposes of this Condition 15 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; or 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other obligations 
of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which 
case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; or 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the Interest Amount payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of 
the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In these Conditions: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and any additional amounts 
referred to in Condition 7, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become 
due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
"Loss Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD, (ii) Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or 
superseded from time to time) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of certain entities as set out in such law, regulation, rules or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations; 
 "Relevant Resolution Authority" means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any 
Loss Absorption Power from time to time.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
General 
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa 
to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, 
Banco de Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of ownership rights 
inherent to the Notes. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue account, opened by 
the Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued securities; and (ii) the control accounts 
opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the 
securities held by such participant on behalf of its consumers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") code through 
the codification system of Interbolsa and will be settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. Under the procedures of 
Interbolsa's settlement system, settlement takes place on the third business day after the trade date and is provisional until 
the financial settlement that takes place at Banco de Portugal (or at Caixa Geral de Depósitos, if denominated in currencies 
other than euro) on the settlement date. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form (escriturais) and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários (the "CMVM" – the Portuguese Securities Authority) and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of 
title will be issued in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa. 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be 
held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders of the Notes. Such control accounts reflect 
at all times the aggregate of Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Notes with each 
of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression "Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary 
entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Notes 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa 
Whilst the Notes are held through Interbolsa, (I) payment of principal and interest in euros in respect of the Notes will 
be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant paying agent (acting on behalf 
of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in the payment system of Banco de Portugal by the Interbolsa 
Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Notes and thereafter (ii) credited by such 
Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be; (II) payment of principal and interest in currencies other than euros in respect of the 
Notes will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, 
from the account held by the relevant paying agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação 
em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa 
Participants, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa Participants from such relevant accounts to the accounts of 
the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Notes held through Interbolsa 
Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. No owner of a Note will be able 
to transfer such Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction to Banco Montepio 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer") was created on 
24 March 1844 for an indefinite period and as at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio had a total share capital of 
€2,420,000,000, the majority of which (99.99 per cent.) is owned by its founder Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista 
("MGAM"). Banco Montepio, together with its subsidiaries, are referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Banco Montepio 
Group". MGAM and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as "MGAM Group".  
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated to MGAM into a 
full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade 
anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes are to promote 
and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 598,438 mutual members (as at 31 December 
2020), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. The welfare schemes MGAM offers include pensions and other 
retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes 
and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. It also has co-operation agreements with a variety 
of organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation of members' social functions, publication of a 
members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
Banco Montepio is a credit institution, authorised to operate as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) to pursue all 
the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As at 30 June 2020, it ranked seventh in the Portuguese banking system on 
the basis of total net assets (source: Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). 
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to "Banco Montepio" but its legal name remains the same (Caixa 
Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand represents an evolution of the 
identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: an independent Portuguese bank which is focused on Portuguese families, 
corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, mutual societies, associations and foundations carrying out a set 
of business and economic activities, within the private sphere, in order to promote general economic and/or social 
interests). By changing its brand name, the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the general public and its clients the 
distinction between Banco Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition to the change of the brand name, Banco 
Montepio also changed its commercial logo and brand colours. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Articles of Association and with the provisions of the Portuguese Companies 
Code. MGAM, as the majority holder of the Issuer's share capital (99.99 per cent.) is the majority holder of voting rights 
in Banco Montepio and its rights are governed by and subject to Banco Montepio's Articles of Association and Portuguese 
law. 
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. holding. Banco 
Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group structure chart below, whose 
management it controls. These entities complement Banco Montepio's financial products and services and contribute via 
their earnings to the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) and, as well as promoting high ethical 
standards and principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these entities not only offer a broad and diversified range of 
banking and financial products and services, but also contribute with their earnings to the shareholders' social and welfare-
related goals.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following three domestic entities: Montepio 
Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.; Montepio Investimento, S.A.; and Montepio Valor, Sociedade Gestora de 
Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, S.A. Each of these companies are wholly owned by Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
("Montepio Holding") (previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco Montepio. For 
further information, please refer to the section "Outline of the performance of the Banco Montepio Group's companies". 
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, Turismo e 
Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector) and in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, ACE (a complementary 
company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage MGAM Group´s real estate more 
efficiently), whose accounts are consolidated by the equity method, as well as a 100 per cent. capital participation in 
SSAGINCENTIVE, S.A. (Real Estate sector). At an international level, Banco Montepio holds majority holdings in Banco 
MG Cabo Verde and in Finibanco Angola. For further information, please refer to the section "- International Activity".  
Following the aim of the Board of Directors to simplify the corporate structure of the Banco Montepio Group and the 
provisions of IFRS 5, the operations of Banco Montepio's subsidiaries (Banco MG Cabo Verde and Montepio Valor - 
Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Investimento, S.A.) were considered discontinued operations for the purposes of its 
financial accounts as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, and were accounted in the Issuer’s consolidated balance 
sheet as "Non-current assets held for sale - discontinued operations" or "Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued 
operations", as applicable, and in its income statement as "Profit/ (loss) from discontinued operations". Notwithstanding 
the Banco Montepio Group's strategic aim of deconsolidation of its stake in Finibanco Angola (see "- Current Activities"), 
Finibanco Angola did not comply with the criteria set out in IFRS 5 to be considered as a discontinued entity, previously 
classified as "Non-current assets held for sale - discontinued operations", and therefore the operations of Finibanco Angola 
were fully consolidated, line by line, in the Banco Montepio Group's financial accounts as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
As a result of this accounting reclassification, the Issuer's figures for the year ended and as at 31 December 2019, included 
in the Annual Report 2020 were restated for comparative purposes. For further information, please see Note 1 (Accounting 
policies) item (a)(Basis of presentation – Restatement of the consolidated financial statements of the previous financial 
year) on pages 174 to 175 of the Annual Report 2020. 
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose entities and 
investment funds: 
100%
100%
51%(1)
100%
100%
100%
29%
Domestic Activity  
International Activity 
Complementary services and other 
participations 
(% of capital share) 
(1) representing 80.2% of the voting rights
100%
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,  
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Montepio Valor, 
Sociedade 
Gestora de 
Organismos de 
Investimento, S.A.
Finibanco 
Angola, S.A.
Montepio 
Crédito, 
Instituição 
Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A.
Montepio 
Investimento, 
S.A. 
SSA GIncentive, 
Sociedade de 
Serviços Auxiliares e 
Gestão de Imóveis, 
S.A. 
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A. 
Banco MG –  
Cabo Verde, 
Sociedade 
Unipessoal, S.A. 
HTA, Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação dos 
Açores, S.A.
MGAI, Montepio 
Gestão de Ativos 
Imobiliários, ACE
20%
Cesource, ACE
18%

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 Montepio Arrendamento I, Montepio Arrendamento II and Montepio Arrendamento III – Fundos de Investimento 
Imobiliário Fechados para Arrendamento Habitacional (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Funds for Housing 
Rental) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
 Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) fully owned by 
Banco Montepio; 
 Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment 
Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and 
 Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real Estate 
Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by Montepio Investimento, 
S.A. 
For more information please see note 59 (Subsidiary and associated companies) to the Annual Report 2020. 
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group's business strategy, as it uses its 
nationwide branch network comprising 298 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2020 (332 branches in Portugal as at 
31 December 2019). Banco Montepio's commercial network is further complemented by a network of electronic channels, 
together with its presence in various overseas Portuguese communities (including five representative offices outside of 
Portugal). Banco Montepio is also present in Angola, through Finibanco Angola (Banco Montepio holds an effective stake 
of 80.2 per cent. of voting rights in Finibanco Angola), which had a retail network of 24 branches as at 31 December 2020. 
For further information, please refer to the section "- International Activity". 
Banco Montepio is a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the Lisbon Commercial Registry 
Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 500 792 615 and is domiciled in Portugal, 
having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal, with telephone number +351 213 248 000. 
History 
In 1840, Francisco Manuel Alvares Botelho established Montepio dos Empregados Públicos, a mutual benefit association 
intended to assist its members through periods of unforeseen financial hardship, caused by illness, disability or death. Its 
name was changed twice, firstly to Montepio Geral, Associação de Socorros Mútuos and in 1844 it was changed to 
Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista, the name that MGAM still bears today. 
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio Geral on 23 April 
1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. MGAM and its subsidiaries and 
affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management products from Banco Montepio's branches 
throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, the two 
organisations had become separate legal entities. In accordance with Decree- Law n o .  460/77, of 7 November 1977 
( as last amended by Decree- Law 391/2007, of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a "collective person of public interest". 
In order to broaden the offer of financial services to its customer base, in 1986, MGAM decided to found Lusitania 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania"). Lusitania is a general insurance company whose products are sold through 
Banco Montepio's branches and through its own network. Lusitania Vida, Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania 
Vida"), which offers life insurance products, was incorporated in 1987. 
Pursuing its strategy of broadening its commercial offer and the diversification of its income sources, in 1988, MGAM 
established Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. ("Futuro"), enabling the MGAM Group to expand 
into the pension fund management business. 
As part of its investment management business, the MGAM Group holds Montepio Gestão de Activos, S.A., a company 
specialised in the management of mutual funds and wealth management, and Montepio Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, 
ACE, a company specialised in the management of real estate funds.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
In 1995, Banco Montepio acquired certain limited assets and liabilities from a small savings bank in the Azores, Caixa 
Económica Açoreana. S.A. This acquisition allowed Banco Montepio to establish its presence in the Azores Autonomous 
Region. 
Additionally, in January 1997, Banco Montepio acquired certain assets and liabilities of another small savings bank, Caixa 
Económica Comercial e Industrial ("CECI"). In 2009, Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. acquired the insurance 
companies Real and Mutuamar, doubling its market share in the real insurance business, thereby achieving a market share 
in line with the MGAM Group's objectives. 
In 2010, MGAM acquired the whole of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. through a friendly public takeover bid. The main 
goals of the transaction were the expansion of the MGAM Group's mutualism activities and the diversification of its 
business activities. 
In order to take the necessary steps to achieve consolidation, on 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio acquired from MGAM, 
through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of the share capital and of the voting rights of Finibanco-Holding, 
SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, indirectly, all of the share capital and the voting rights of Finibanco, 
S.A. ("Finibanco", now Montepio Investimento, S.A.), as well as those of Finicrédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, 
S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and those of Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de 
Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now Montepio Valor – Sociedade Gestora de Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, S.A.). 
Finibanco Holding. SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Portuguese financial group "Finibanco" (the "Finibanco 
Group"), comprised a number of subsidiaries which included, among others, a bank (Finibanco), an Angolan bank 
(Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution (Finicrédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and an asset 
management company (Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A.).  
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share capital and the voting 
rights of Finibanco Angola. As a result of these acquisitions, Banco Montepio's consolidated supervision perimeter now 
encompasses all the aforementioned companies. 
As at December 2013, in the context of its restructuring, the MGAM Group undertook a reorganisation of its financial 
investments associated with the insurance and pension sectors. In this context, on 27 December 2013 Montepio Seguros, 
S.G.P.S., S.A. ("Montepio Seguros") was created in order to manage the equity of such sectors. Banco Montepio sold the 
shares directly held in Futuro, Lusitania Vida and Lusitania to Montepio Seguros. Additionally, Banco Montepio acquired 
33.65 per cent. of the capital of Montepio Seguros. On 30 December 2015, Banco Montepio sold its shareholding in 
Montepio Seguros. 
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio's capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 November 2013, 
Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer ("IPO") of €200 million securities (Unidades de Participação) 
representative of its participation fund (Fundo de Participação) ("Participation Fund"). On 17 December 2013, the 
securities were admitted to listing on Euronext Lisbon after the Regulated Market Special Session. 
On 2 December 2014, Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A. acquired a stake of 44.6 per cent. in BTM's share capital, acquiring 
management control following an agreement with the remaining shareholders of the bank (Rabobank, based in the 
Netherlands, holding identical equity participation as the Banco Montepio Group; Norfund, also known as the Norwegian 
Investment Fund for Developing Countries, with an equity participation of 8.4 per cent.; and GAPI-SI, S.A., a financial 
institution that has the aim of contributing to economic and social development of Mozambique, with an equity 
participation of 2.5 per cent.).  
On 10 October 2015, the new savings banks act by Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September ("Savings Banks Act"), 
entered into force, which classified savings banks (caixas económicas) with assets equal to or greater than €50 million as 
full service savings banks (caixas económicas bancárias) (as opposed to affiliated savings banks (caixas económicas 
anexas)) and required such banks to adopt the form of public limited liability companies (sociedades anónimas).  
The Savings Banks Act further determines that only mutual associations (associações mutualistas), charities 
(misericórdias) or other beneficence institutions can hold the majority of the capital or the voting rights in a savings bank 
(caixa económica bancária).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following the enforcement 
of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act (which 
provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by Banco de Portugal, full service savings banks already in 
existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation shall not be automatically required to arrange for their conversion 
into public limited liability companies). An Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened for 22 
November 2016, to deliberate on the transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the 
consequent amendment of its Articles of Association. 
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio into a public 
limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The project for the amended 
Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the reconsideration of some matters depending 
on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the supervising authorities. As the knowledge of such recommendations 
or decisions was key to the conclusion of the matters being discussed the session was suspended until 13 December 2016. 
The Extraordinary General Meeting was resumed on 13 December 2016 and on 4 April 2017 in order to approve all the 
required procedures regarding the transformation into a public limited liability company. The effectiveness of such 
resolutions was conditional on (i) ratification by the General Meeting of MGAM, to be held no later than 9 May 2017; and 
(ii) their respective registration. Upon these conditions being met, Banco Montepio's capital should be represented in full 
by ordinary shares. These two conditions were met respectively on 9 May 2017 and 14 September 2017. Consequently, as 
at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio's total share capital, in the amount of €2,420,000,000 was fully represented by 
ordinary shares. 
In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in BTM, reducing its international branches 
by 10. For further information, please refer to section "- International Activity". 
Strategy 
The Issuer's Strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of liquidity levels above 
minimum regulatory requirements. The Strategy prioritises the increase of core net operating income, capital management, 
risk management reinforcement, business efficiency, liquidity management, human resources management and corporate 
governance. 
The Board of Directors, which took up office on 21 March 2018, is committed to enhancing the efficiency, profitability 
and adequacy of Banco Montepio's business model so that it meets demanding contemporary customer requirements. 
The Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and establish a 
vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and long term ("Transformation 
Plan"). 
The Transformation Plan implementation commenced in 2019 and is expected to be fully implemented by 2024. The 
Transformation Plan has a 5 year timeline with an intention to establish new ways of working that would create positive 
results, making the Issuer more competitive, efficient and digital, with a focus on the quality of service provided to the 
customer.  
The Transformation Plan defines the vision and business goals of the Issuer for the medium and long-term, aimed at:  
(a) 
evolving Banco Montepio's business model so that it is economically viable in the long term and creates additional 
value for the shareholder. The business model should maintain the appropriate safety margins on internal and 
regulatory prudential limits, a solid short-term liquidity position and a suitable balance sheet structure in the 
medium and long term;  
(b) 
strengthening Banco Montepio's position as a reference financial institution, by supporting the social economy, 
working among segments of the population that are least benefited by banking services;  
(c) 
developing new value propositions and service models, affirming itself as a reference bank for small and medium-
sized enterprises ("SMEs") and for the different segments of individual customers;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(d) 
increasing the efficiency and efficacy of the commercial, service and group support structures, using new 
technologies and new ways of working;  
(e) 
strengthening Banco Montepio's strategic pillar as a "banking system of relations and proximity" both for 
individuals and corporations, enabling it to affirm itself as a modern institution based on traditional values, 
adjusting its product and service offer and the channels used to the different customer segments; and 
(f) 
reinforcing the quality of the assets provided, focusing on the sustained improvement of credit quality ratios and 
the continuous reduction of concentration of risk in the activity sectors of construction and real estate 
development.  
Its development is based on 4 pillars – Business, Strengthening of the Balance Sheet, Organisation and Support – which 
are reflected in the 12 macro initiatives, with a detailed implementation schedule for 411 measures involving a 
multidisciplinary team of more than 100 people who are responsible for their implementation and control. 
By the end of 2019, a significant number of these measures had already been implemented, such as:  
Value and Business Proposition 
 Launch of the Banco de Empresas Montepio (BEM) and opening of the new "Espaços Empresa" (business 
centres);  
 Launch of the new trade name "Banco Montepio" and subsequent roll-out of the new brand, including on signs, 
branches, digital channels and bank cards;  
 Preparation of a Strategic Marketing Plan and completing an analysis of the portfolio distribution/classification 
by customers in order to improve customer service;  
 Launch of a new contracting model and approval process for housing loans, aimed at greater speed in the process 
and improved customer service;  
 Concentration of specialised credit in the automobile, home and services sectors at Montepio Crédito 
(complemented by a set of solutions for individual customers, companies and institutions of the social economy 
sector);  
 Creation of the Business and Distribution Commission aiming at enhancing the offer and sale of new products. 
Strengthening of the Balance Sheet 
Various steps have been taken to strengthen Banco Montepio's balance sheet, including the review of the Credit 
Regulation and Policy, the review of the Recovery Plan, the approval of the Banco Montepio Group's Data 
Management Policy and Risk Appetite Policy, the restructuring of the Credit Recovery Area, the sale of assets with 
high risk-weighted assets and low profitability, the improvement of the Early Warning Signs (EWS) model and 
implementing a process to preventively monitor credit levels and credit quality (for companies), and the approval of 
the new commercial strategy for the management of real estate properties. 
Organisation, Network and Omnichannel 
 New organisational structure derived from the reorganisation of the commercial areas and centralised support 
services;  
 Opening of proximity branches (Abraveses, Fão, Ferro, Ferreira do Alentejo, Oiã, Pedras Salgadas and Avanca), 
enabling serving populations locally that are lacking in access to financial services;  
 Technology and Digitalisation Innovation Plan;  
 Online account opening by videoconference and consumer credit online;  
 Establishment of a complementary grouping of companies (ACE) of Shared Services.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Support and Systems 
Various steps have been taken to strengthen Banco Montepio's support and systems, including the concentration of 
central services at the buildings in Lisbon and Porto thereby releasing own use real estate properties for sale, the 
migration of the front-office system and renovation of the branch equipment, the approval of the strategic plan of 
systems and innovation, the implementation of the green vehicle fleet, and the launch of the automation/artificial 
intelligence project. 
The business model of the banking industry has been undergoing significant changes as a result of the impact of technology 
on customer behaviour and the emergence of new participants in the industry. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
have accelerated these structural developments, resulting in a reassessment and adjustment of the Transformation Plan 
during 2020. In particular, the challenging macro-economic environment resulted in increased impairments across the 
banking sector.  
The introduction of legislative and non-legislative moratoria in order to alleviate the financial strain on households and 
companies also limits the ability of banks to finance economic activity. 
Taking into account the current circumstances and future uncertainties, and the challenges facing Banco Montepio, the 
banking sector and the Portuguese economy, the adjustment process at Banco Montepio became more urgent and the Board 
reassessed the objectives and measures set out in the Transformation Plan and adopted a multi-dimensional and multi-
annual adjustment programme.  
Pursuant to this adjustment plan, Banco Montepio's strategy and business targets for the medium and long term have been 
revised in order to make Banco Montepio an efficient and profitable bank at the service of Portuguese households and 
companies, and social economy institutions, shareholders and other stakeholders through the implementation of four main 
strategic pillars: business model review; operational adjustment; capital maintenance; and group simplification. 
The business model review pillar focuses on strengthening customer oriented banking services and proximity relationship 
enhancement; reinforcement of funding to the economy, supporting households and the SMEs financial needs, the latter 
through the Portuguese Government available guaranteed credit lines; and developing distribution capacity and 
complementary margin in order to recovering profitability of Banco Montepio's domestic operations. 
Operational adjustment is focused on accelerating Banco Montepio's digital transition by adopting market standard best 
practices, both in terms of customer experience and operational efficiency. In order to optimise the range of distribution 
channels, Banco Montepio closed 37 branches in the last quarter of 2020 and decided to review whether to close a further 
40 branches on the basis of geographic need, profitability and market size.  
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has brought about various changes in the operation and organisation of teams as a 
result of remote-working. As a result of the evolution of the banking sector, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
the need for a sustainable business model, Banco Montepio implemented a voluntary programme for early retirement and 
voluntary redundancies (the "2020/2021 Programme"). The 2020/2021 Programme's measures included a set of benefits 
such as health and unemployment protection for employees who voluntarily joined the 2020/2021 Programme. In addition, 
in order to provide the best conditions and support to employees who wish to join the 2020/2021 Programme, the Ministry 
of Labour, Solidarity and Social Security authorised the extension of the quota for eligibility for social protection in 
unemployment to 400 employees. 
Banco Montepio is currently consulting with its social partners and employee representatives as part of an informed and 
transparent process. Subject to those consultations and various other factors, Banco Montepio is targeting a reduction in 
the number of employees of approximately 600 to 900 in a multi-year programme. By the end of 2020, 235 employees 
(124 retirements and 111 voluntary redundancies) had adhered to the 2020/2021 Programme, leading already to a 
significant reduction of the workforce in 2020. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above targets regarding the branches and employees adjustment may not be achieved.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
In terms of Capital Maintenance, Banco Montepio will seek to improve its capital ratios by adopting various measures, 
including the following: reducing its RWA by having a more focused loan and securities portfolio; and deleveraging its 
balance sheet through the divestment of non-core assets. 
In terms of simplifying the Banco Montepio Group's structure, the adjustment plan has targeted the deconsolidation of its 
stake in Finibanco Angola and modernising and rationalising the Banco Montepio Group's internal procedures.  
In this way, the operations and customer service model will be adjusted, with an aim to improve Banco Montepio's 
efficiency ratios to align it with the Portuguese banking sector. 
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions 
In order to accelerate Banco Montepio's innovation and automation strategy, in the first quarter of 2019 Banco Montepio 
established a partnership with IBM to introduce artificial intelligence and cognitive technology tools (known as "Cognitive 
Process Automation") as part of its programme to introduce digital transformation and to optimise customer experience 
and business processes. Banco Montepio has introduced to its customers M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio's Automated Real-time 
Interaction Assistant), a voice-answering virtual agent which operates using artificial intelligence.  M.A.R.I.A is able to 
carry out virtual conversations with customers to resolve calls without the need to resort to a human operator.  
Banco Montepio's ultimate goal is to use cognitive process automation to carry out systematic tasks, such as scheduling, 
task searches, completion of forms, and to enable Banco Montepio's employees to concentrate on carrying out more 
complex activities, reducing human error and optimising the performance and satisfaction of its people. 
Current Activities 
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and services, such as 
mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment management services and the provision of 
credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers' financial needs.  
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco Empresas Montepio. This new 
project aims to bring together Banco Empresas Montepio's corporate banking and investment banking in one entity, 
presenting an integrated offer in the areas of corporate finance, debt and equity capital markets, advisory, structured 
finance, equity and debt distribution along with lending services. 
The Issuer has also been developing international operations, especially by the provision of foreign currency to its 
Portuguese customers, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on attracting deposits from non-resident 
Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group currently has five representative offices in Paris, Toronto, 
Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark.  
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by its subsidiaries Finibanco Angola and Banco MG 
Cabo Verde. 
The Banco Montepio Group's international operation is undergoing a reorganisation and resizing process with a view to 
redefining its African exposures and focusing only on those opportunities which complement its strategic goals. Along 
with the implementation of strategic action measures that will allow it to refocus and reposition the institution in its natural 
market, it will offer a wide range of products and services and a differentiated customer relationship, acknowledged by its 
stakeholders. 
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core business focused 
on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad. 
As a comprehensive and diversified group, it provides its individual customers, corporates (focused on SMEs and middle 
market companies), and for the benefit of Portugal's citizens as a whole a universal offer of complementary products and 
services through its domestic distribution network. 
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus on domestic 
operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.6 per cent. of the share capital of 
Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments will be settled over the time. Under this

--- Page 92 ---
92 
agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. and 1.15 per cent. of the share capital of this subsidiary 
in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Thus, as at 31 December 2020, the Banco Montepio Group still had control of Finibanco 
Angola and an effective stake of 80.2 per cent. of voting rights, and a series of steps are underway for the deconsolidation 
of this subsidiary. 
In a public announcement on 10 May 2019, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
started negotiations with shareholders of Banco de Negócios Internacional, S.A. (Angola) with a view to a merger between 
Finibanco Angola and Banco de Negócios Internacional, S.A. (Angola). It is the intention of the parties to attract the 
participation of international strategic partners for this operation, thus contributing to the consolidation, strengthening and 
opening up of the Angolan banking and financial system. The Angolan and Portuguese regulatory authorities were 
informed about this negotiation process. The development and conclusion of the negotiations are dependent on the 
necessary procedures with the shareholders and the Angolan authorities. The National Bank of Angola conducted a review 
of the quality of the assets of the commercial banks in Angola with a view to learn about the financial health of these 
institutions. The move was part of the recommendation of the International Monetary Fund, under the agreement signed 
with the Angolan government, which also entailed assessment of the credits granted by commercial banks, in order to 
obtain an accurate assessment of the country's banking sector. The asset quality review was completed on 31 December 
2019 and found that a small number of banks (mainly Banco de Poupança e Crédito, S.A. and Banco Económico S.A., 
which accounted for about 96 per cent. of the total recapitalisation needs) would need to adjust their capital structure in 
order to comply with minimum regulatory capital requirements, with reference to 31 December 2018. 
Banco Montepio is closely monitoring the banking consolidation process in Angola and continues to work towards the 
deconsolidation of its share in Finibanco Angola.  Banco Montepio will provide the necessary information relating to the 
outcome of this process and the potential execution of the transfer of Finibanco Angola’s shares under the agreement 
signed in 2015, when appropriate, by way of a press release published on CMVM's website. 
Analysis of the Issuer's financial performance 
2020 consolidated activity and results (audited) 
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has been carrying out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation of 
an economically sustainable business model, in order to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and enable the organic 
growth of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continues to deleverage its balance sheet, which 
resulted in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real estate exposures. In addition, the Issuer's liquidity 
position was strengthened by attracting and retaining customer deposits and actively managing its securities portfolio to 
meet regulatory capital and liquidity requirements.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 
2020. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
Change 
2020/2019 
(Restated) 
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and deposits to 
credit institutions payable on demand and Other loans and 
advances to credit institutions 
1,353
1,793
440
32.5
Loans and advances to customers 
11,507
11,578
71
0.6
Securities portfolio and other financial assets* 
3,268
3,013
(254)
(7.8)
Non current assets held for sale and Investment Properties 
147
131
(15)
(10.5)
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinued operations 
0
1
1
-
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets 
450
500
50
11.0
Other 
1,016
925
(91)
(9.0)
Total assets 
17,740
17,941
201
1.1

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from other credit 
institutions 
1,814
2,203
389
21.5
Deposits from customers 
12,642
12,502
(140)
(1.1)
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt 
1,548
1,516
(32)
(2.1)
Non current liabilities held for sale - Discontinued 
operations 
0
110
110
-
Other 
284
283
(1)
(0.4)
Total liabilities 
16,288
16,614
326
2.0
  
  
  
  
  
Share capital 
2,420
2,420
0
0.0
Other equity instruments, Fair value reserves, Other 
reserves and Retained earnings and Non-controlling 
Interests 
(990)
(1,012)
(22)
2.3
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the 
Shareholders 
22
(81)
(102)
(472.1)
Total Shareholder's equity 
1,452
1,327
(125)
(8.6)
Total liabilities and Shareholder's equity 
17,740
17,941
201
1.1
* Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of Principal and Interest). 
 
Capital 
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, and in line with the decision taken by the ECB, the Banco de Portugal 
took a series of measures aimed at enhancing the flexibility of the regulatory and supervision requirements on the less 
significant institutions ("LSIs") subject to its supervision. Such measures included enabling the LSIs (such as Banco 
Montepio) to operate temporarily at a level lower than that of the combined buffer requirements. As such, the minimum 
regulatory ratios for December 2020 for CET 1, Tier 1 and Total Capital were 6.328 per cent., 8.438 per cent. and 11.25 
per cent., respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020, the capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above the required regulatory levels 
considering the relief measures issued by Banco de Portugal in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, 
the Board of Directors has commenced a series of initiatives aimed at strengthening the Issuer's capital base as it was 
adversely impacted by the pandemic. 
Total own funds amounted to €1,321 million as at 31 December 2020, compared to €1,430 million as at 31 December 
2019, reflecting the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on net income, foreign exchange and fair value reserves, 
and the regulatory deductions as a result of the IFRS 9 phasing-in. These negative impacts were mitigated by the increase 
in Tier 2 own funds due to the issuance of €50 million of subordinated debt issued in the first six months of 2020 under 
the Programme. 
As at 31 December 2020, RWA decreased by €722 million in comparison to 31 December 2019, as a result of the 
reduction of non-strategic assets, in particular the stock of NPL and real estate assets despite the adverse effect of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. This reduction was also due to the efficient risk allocation in the loans and debt securities portfolios 
and the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 
(the "Regulation") to encourage banks to lend during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In addition, the capital ratios as at 31 December 2020 also reflect the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, such 
as the devaluation of the Angolan Kwanza and the Brazilian Real, which led to a deterioration of the foreign exchange 
reserves and the strengthening of loan impairments. 
As at 31 December 2020, the CET1 and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, 
amounted to 11.6 per cent. and 13.8 per cent., respectively, compared to 12.4 per cent. and 13.9 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019.  
On a fully implemented basis, as at 31 December 2020, the CET1 ratio amounted to 10.1 per cent. and the Total Capital 
ratio was 12.3 per cent. The difference between the fully implemented capital ratios and the phasing-in capital ratios was

--- Page 94 ---
94 
due to IFRS 9 phasing-in. As at 31 December 2019, the Issuer had completed the implementation of the deferred tax 
regime, and is only subject to completing the transition to IFRS 9. Furthermore, Banco Montepio has endorsed the 
prudential filter relating to the fair-value reserves of public debt, the impact of which is negligible. 
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, amounted to 6.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, compared to 7.0 
per cent. as at 31 December 2019, which is above the minimum benchmark defined by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (3 per cent.).  
The table below sets out the Issuer's own funds and capital ratios as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 
  
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
Change 2020/2019 
  
 
  
Amount 
% 
Total own funds (€ millions) 
  
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
1,274
1,114
(160)
(12.5)
Tier 1 
1,274
1,114
(160)
(12.5)
Total Capital 
1,430
1,321
(109)
(7.7)
Risk-weighted assets 
10,299
9,577
(722)
(7.0)
Phasing-in ratios 
  
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
12.4%
11.6%
(74) bp 
Tier 1 
12.4%
11.6%
(74) bp 
Total Capital 
13.9%
13.8%
(10) bp 
Fully implemented ratios 
  
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
11.2%
10.1%
(111) bp 
Tier 1 
11.2%
10.1%
(111) bp 
Total Capital 
12.8%
12.3%
(45) bp 
Leverage ratios 
  
  
  
  
Phasing-In 
7.0%
6.0%
(99) bp 
Fully implemented 
6.4%
5.2%
(115) bp 
 
The table below sets out a summary of the Issuer's capital requirements as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
under phasing-in: 
  
  
(€ thousand)
  
31 December 2019 31 December 2020
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
  
  
Share capital 
2,420,000
2,420,000
Consolidated net income for the period attributable 
to the Shareholders, fair value reserves and other 
reserves and retained earnings 
(985,885)
(1,102,140)
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
4,598
3,064
Other regulatory adjustments 
(164,845)
(206,736)
  
1,273,868
1,114,188
Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
252
225
  
1,274,120
1,114,413
Tier 2 Capital

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Subordinated debt 
156,323
206,323
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
0
225
  
156,323
206,548
Total own funds 
1,430,443
1,320,961
Own funds' requirements 
 
 
Credit risk 
717,673
667,306
Market risk 
7,811
4,402
Operational risk 
60,896
55,046
Other requirements 
37,509
39,401
  
823,889
766,155
Prudential ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
12.4%
11.6%
Tier 1 ratio 
12.4%
11.6%
Total Capital ratio 
13.9%
13.8%
 
Customers' resources 
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has developed a series of initiatives aimed at capturing and retaining customer resources, 
under its liquidity risk management strategy.  
Total customers' resources amounted to €13,556 million as at 31 December 2020, of which €12,712 million correspond 
to total on-balance customers' resources, with 98.3 per cent. referring to deposits from customers.  
As at 31 December 2020, deposits from customers amounted to €12,502 million, predominantly made up of individual 
customers deposits, representing 75.5 per cent. of total deposits.  
In 2020 and notwithstanding the combination of historically low levels of interest rates and reduction in economic activity 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, deposits from customers remained stable. In 2019, for comparative purposes, the 
deposits from customers of Banco MG Cabo Verde were restated and amounted to €138.3 million as they were 
reclassified in accordance with IFRS 5 in 2020 as Non-current liabilities held for sale – discontinued operations. The 
deposits from customers maintained the increase in sight deposits/term deposits mix, which was 41 per cent./59 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2020 (compared to 37 per cent./63 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, securities placed with customers amounted to €210 million, compared to €154 million as at 31 
December 2019.  
Off-balance sheet resources amounted to €844 million as at 31 December 2020, compared to €817 million as at 31 
December 2019 (an increase of 3.2 per cent.). The increase was due to the increases recorded in the real estate investment 
funds and in pension funds. This increase is despite the reduction in the securities investment funds and capitalisation 
insurance. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 2020. 
CUSTOMERS' RESOURCES 
  
  
  
(€ million)
  
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
Change 2020/2019 (Restated)
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
Deposits from customers 
12,642
12,502
(140)
(1.1)
Sight Deposits(1) 
4,696
5,482
785
16.7
Term Deposits(2) 
7,946
7,020
(926)
(11.7)
Deposits from customers adjusted (3) 
12,504
12,502
(2)
0.0

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Securities placed with Customers 
154
210
56
36.4
Total On-Balance sheet resources 
12,796
12,712
(84)
(0.7)
Total On-Balance sheet resources adjusted(3) 
12,658
12,712
54
0.4
Off-Balance sheet resources 
817
844
26
3.2
Total Customers' resources 
13,613
13,556
(57)
(0.4)
Total Customers' resources(3) 
13,475
13,556
81
0.6
(1) corresponds to Deposits repayable on demand and Other deposits 
(2) corresponds to corresponds to Term deposits and Saving accounts 
(3) excluding in 2019, for comparability purposes, the restated deposits from customers of Banco MG Cabo Verde (€138.3Mn) which in 2020 became 
classified as discontinued operations 
 
Issued Debt 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt amounted to €1,516 million 
representing a year-on-year decrease of €32 million (a decrease of 2.1 per cent.), compared to €1,548 million as at 31 
December 2019). The year-on-year decrease is due to the decrease of €90.8 million in Debt securities issued and an 
increase of €59.0 million in Other subordinated debt. The change in Debt securities issued is due to the decrease of €4.2 
million in domestic bonds, €37.5 million in covered bonds and €49.0 million in securitisations. The increase in Other 
subordinated debt compared to 31 December 2019 was due to a €50 million subordinated debt issuance under the 
Programme and the reclassification of the €6.3 million "Finibanco Valor Invest 2010" issuance from Other equity 
instruments to Other subordinated debt in accordance with the resolution of noteholders that was passed in January 2020. 
Liquidity 
In 2020, Banco Montepio continued to promote management measures aimed at upholding the robust liquidity position, 
with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force. 
This resulted in the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") amounting to 200.7 per cent., increasing in comparison to the 
ratio of 179.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, and amounting to 100.7 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement 
of 100 per cent.  
The performance of Deposits from customers and the growth of Loans and advances to customers led to a Loans to 
deposits ratio, calculated in accordance with Banco de Portugal Instruction number 16/2004, of 92.6 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020, compared to 91.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 (restated). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 2020. 
LOAN TO DEPOSITS RATIOS 
  
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
Change 
  
(Restated) 
  
 2020/2019 
(Restated) 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from 
customers (a) 
91.0
92.6
1.6 p.p.
Loans and advances to customers / Total on-balance sheet 
customers' resources (b) 
82.0
83.9
1.9 p.p.
(a) In compliance with Instruction of the Banco de Portugal No. 16/2004, as amended. 
(b) Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Customer deposits and Liabilities represented by securities, as published in the Financial Statements. 
The total value of the pool of eligible assets as at 31 December 2020 decreased by €519 million as compared to 31 
December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the value of the pool of collateral for Eurosystem operations amounted to 
€3,114 million, compared to €3,633 million as at 31 December 2019. This decrease in value of the pool of collateral was 
due to market conditions given the short-term European sovereign debt bearing more negative interest rates than the 
negative 0.5 per cent. interest rate level of the remuneration of deposits with the Banco de Portugal. In contrast, there 
was an increase of €474 million in the deposits with the Banco de Portugal for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
amounting to €1,283 million, compared with the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The use of ECB resources as at 31 December 2020 increased by €92 million to €1,383 million compared to the amount 
as at 31 December 2019, within an efficient funding management, by replacing former transactions with new transactions,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
extending the maturity date with a view to strengthening the stable funding, with a positive impact in the NSFR ratio. 
The use of Eurosystem monetary policy operations falls under the support given to the economy, with a view to 
optimising the long-term funding, namely through participation in Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations, in the 
context of the non-conventional expansionary monetary policy measures implemented by the ECB. In terms of available 
collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets decreased by 26.2 per cent. to an amount of €1,729 
million as at 31 December 2020, due to market conditions not being favourable to the investment of excess liquidity on 
sovereign debt instruments bearing interest rates more negative than the deposits with the Banco de Portugal. 
Notwithstanding the reduction in the pool of eligible assets for the Eurosystem monetary policy, the liquidity buffer, 
derived from the sum of the Cash and deposits in central banks and the available liquidity resulting from the pool of ECB 
eligible assets, exceeded the €3 billion threshold at the end of 2020, therefore, contributing to the strengthening of the 
liquidity ratios, namely the LCR, and to the liquidity of the Issuer. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing operations with the ECB as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020. 
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB 
(€ million)
  
31 December 2019
31 December 2020
Change 2020/2019 
  
Amount
% 
Pool of eligible assets (a)
3,633
3,114
(519)
(14.3)
Use of the pool 
1,291
1,383
92
7.1
Pool of available assets
2,342
1,731
(611)
(26.1)
As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio had not borrowed or lent funds in the euro interbank money market, however 
in the foreign currency interbank money market, Banco Montepio had a position of US$62 million offered at an average 
rate of 0.18 per cent. 
Asset Quality  
As at 31 December 2020, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to €12,357 million, representing an increase 
of 0.6 per cent. compared to €12,289 million as at 31 December 2019. The increase in Gross loans and advances compared 
to 31 December 2019 was due to improved performance, which made it possible to change the downward trend in loans 
and advances to customers observed in the last decade. It also reflected Banco Montepio's commitment to supporting 
families, companies and social economy entities, and was partially offset by written-off loans amounting to €190.1 
million. 
Excluding the impact of the consolidation of Finibanco Angola, gross performing loans corresponding to domestic 
activity increased by approximately €340 million compared to 2019 (an increase of 3.1 per cent.), while non-performing 
loans fell by approximately €250 million (a decrease of 16.3 per cent.). 
The growth in the loan portfolio was achieved at the same time as the improvement in credit quality indicators, which 
benefited from a rigorous credit risk taking discipline, as well as from the measures that were approved and adopted in 
the credit monitoring and recovery areas. As a result of the measures that have been implemented in 2020, the number 
of new loans that entered into default decreased by 21.1 per cent. and the related defaulted amount decreased by 25.1 per 
cent.  
Growth in the corporate segment (an increase of 4.2 per cent. in terms of the gross loan portfolio but not stripped of NPL 
deleveraging) was decisive in achieving the positive trajectory of the portfolio and reflected the strategic focus on growth 
in small medium enterprises and the middle market. By contrast, loans to individuals decreased and were influenced by 
the reduction in mortgage lending (a decrease of 3.2 per cent.), which continued to show a higher level of repayments 
compared to the new origination. Loans for other purposes increased by 1.8 per cent. as a result of the growth in new 
operations and the reduction in repayments, reflecting the effects of the loans' moratorium.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Within the scope of Banco Montepio's adjustment programme, the improvement of credit quality is also based on a more 
effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising recoveries and by corporate finance 
solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of individuals, companies (especially small and medium-
sized enterprises), and social economy entities. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 
2020. 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
(By sector of activity) 
  
  
  
(€ million)
  
31 December 2019 (Restated)
31 December 2020
Change 2020/2019 (Restated)
Amount 
% 
Individuals 
6,551
6,377
(174)
(2.7)
Housing loans 
5,823
5,636
(187)
(3.2)
Others 
728
741
13
1.8
Corporate 
5,739
5,980
242
4.2
Manufacturing industries 
935
981
46
4.9
Wholesale and retail trade 
859
915
56
6.5
Construction and Real estate activities 
1,465
1,363
(102)
(7.0)
Accommodation and catering activities
444
533
89
20.0
Financial and insurance activities 
572
627
55
9.6
Transportation and storage 
368
404
36
9.9
Business Services 
400
374
(26)
(6.5)
Other collective service activities 
258
303
45
17.6
Others 
438
481
42
9.7
Gross loans and advances to customers
12,289
12,357
68
0.6
Impairment for credit risk 
783
780
(3)
(0.4)
Loans and advances to customers 
11,507
11,578
71
0.6
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Loans and advances to customers included receivables assigned to the cover pool related 
to Banco Montepio's covered bond programme amounting to €2,740 million, compared to €2,722 million as at 31 
December 2019 and loans that were subject to securitisation which were recognised on the balance sheet amounting to 
€1,844 million, compared to €2,130 million as at 31 December 2019. 
The COVID-19 pandemic made it more difficult to reduce non-performing loans by tightening market conditions for 
selling NPLs and reducing the ability of the non-financial private sector to service debt, making it more difficult to clear 
NPLs through cures. Despite these challenges, Banco Montepio reduced the weight of NPE to Total gross loans and 
advances to customers to 10.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (compared to 12.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
This was due to the decrease in NPEs to €1,290 million as at 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019 and the 
increase in the portfolio of Gross loans and advances to customers in that period.  
In 2020, due to the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a significant reinforcement of the impairments 
related to the loans and advances to customers, which resulted in increasing the coverage of NPE by impairments. The 
NPE ratio net of impairments for credit risks stood at 4.1 per cent. at 31 December 2020, evolving favourably compared 
to the 5.9 per cent. recorded at the end of 2019. The coverage of NPEs by impairment for credit risk and associated 
collateral and financial guarantees amounted to 93.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, compared to 87.4 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019, while the coverage by impairments for credit risks amounted to 60.4 per cent., compared to 51.8 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
LOAN QUALITY INDICATORS 
  
  
  
(€ million)
  
31 December 
2019  
31 December 
2020 
Change 2020/2019 
(Restated) 
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
Gross loans and advances to customers  
12,289
12,357
68
0.6
  
  
  
  
  
Past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 days(*) 
688
627
(61)
(8.9)
  
  
  
  
  
Impairment for credit risk 
783
780
(3)
(0.4)
  
  
  
  
  
Ratios (%) 
  
  
  
  
Cost of credit risk 
0.9
1.5
0.6 p.p. 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
5.6
5.1
(0.5) p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross loans and advances to 
customers 
12.3
10.4
(1.9) p.p. 
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans and advances to customers 
7.1
6.6
(0.5) p.p. 
  
  
  
  
  
Coverage by Impairments for credit risks (%) 
  
  
  
  
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
113.7
124.4
10.7 p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a)  
51.8
60.4
8.7 p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also including associated 
collaterals and financial guarantees (a)  
87.4
93.0
5.6 p.p. 
(a) EBA definition 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s past due loans and advances and interest amount stood at €672.3 million or 5.4 per 
cent. of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers, compared with €782.9 million or 6.4 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019. 
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 2020, by 
type of customer and purpose, is as follows: 
(€ thousand)
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020
  
  
  
Corporate 
  
  
Construction/Production
159,466
136,990
Investment 
313,571
285,173
Working capital(1) 
203,130
144,853
Other 
22,652
22,743

--- Page 100 ---
100 
  
  
 
Retail 
  
 
Mortgage loans 
39,728
45,058
Consumer credit 
21,846
22,322
Other 
22,505
15,183
  
782,898
672,322
(1) corresponds to “Treasury” 
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest as at 31 December 
2019 (restated) and 31 December 2020: 
(€ thousand)
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020
  
  
  
Past due loans and advances and interest   
  
Less than 90 days 
94,690
45,538
More than 90 days 
688,208
626,784
  
782,898
672,322
 
As part of Banco Montepio's strategy of rebalancing its asset structure, in 2020, Banco Montepio proceeded with the 
identification and implementation of measures aimed at enhancing the levels of liquidity and active management of the 
portfolio of securities and other instruments. 
As at 31 December 2020, the securities portfolio and other financial assets amounted to €3,013 million, compared to 
€3,268 million as at 31 December 2019 (restated). The decrease in the portfolio of securities and other instruments was 
due to the decrease in the portfolios of Financial assets held for trading (mainly bonds and derivatives), Financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (sovereign and corporate debt) and Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss (essentially participation units and equities), which were partially offset by the increase in the 
portfolio of Other financial assets at amortised cost by €1,375 million, due to the increase in domestic and foreign 
sovereign debt. 
In analysing the securities portfolio by type of instrument, there was a year-on-year reduction of €191 million in bonds 
and other debt instruments, which includes Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Greek public debt, that led to a decrease of 
7.8 per cent. in the portfolio of securities and other instruments as compared to 31 December 2019. 
As was the case at year-end 2019, the portfolio of securities and other instruments as at 31 December 2020 was mostly 
comprised of bonds and other debt instruments, whose weight in the total portfolio increased to 84.0 per cent. In turn, 
the proportion of participation unites and equities decreased to 11.2 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. of the portfolio, 
respectively. 
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group's credit risk exposure as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2019: 
(€ thousand)
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020
  
  
  
Deposits at credit institutions repayable on demand 
29,897
33,660
Other loans and advances to credit institutions 
281,303
293,004
Loans and advances to customers 
11,506,668
11,577,702
Financial assets held for trading 
34,689
10,452

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
11,455
9,666
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
1,723,507
168,058
Hedging derivatives 
11,148
10,693
Other financial assets at amortized cost 
987,324
2,362,616
Investments in associated companies 
4,439
3,872
Other assets 
57,985
48,103
Guarantees and standby letters provided 
513,824
507,617
Irrevocable credit lines 
579,670
721,300
  
  
  
  
15,741,909
15,746,743
 
 
Earnings 
In 2020, a challenging year due to COVID-19, Banco Montepio recorded a negative Consolidated net income for the 
period attributable to the shareholder of €80.7 million, compared to a positive €21.7 million in the year ended 31 
December 2019. The decrease in the net income in the year was determined by the higher level of impairments and 
provisions (an increase of €77.6 million) following the downward revision of the macroeconomic scenario associated to 
the impacts of COVID-19 on economic agents, both individuals and companies, as well as by the non-recurring costs 
related to the staff adjustment plan and the resizing of the branch network amounting to €35.1 million. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 
2020. 
  
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
Change 2020/2019 (Restated) 
(Restated) 
Amount 
% 
Net interest income (1) 
254.2
242.8
(11.4)
(4.5)
Commercial net interest income 
255.9
248.0
(7.9)
(3.1)
Net fee and commission income (2) 
122.6
115.3
(7.2)
(5.9)
Core total operating income ((1)+(2)) 
376.8
358.1
(18.7)
(5.0)
Dividends from equity instruments 
7.6
3.1
(4.6)
(60.0)
Results from financial operations 
64.4
17.9
(46.6)
(72.3)
Other results(a) 
11.5
14.7
3.2
27.7
Total operating income (3) 
460.4
393.7
(66.6)
(14.5)
Staff Costs 
162.4
189.3
26.9
16.6
General and administrative expenses 
68.1
67.0
(1.1)
(1.7)
Depreciation and amortization 
33.5
35.1
1.6
4.7
Operating costs (4) 
264.0
291.4
27.3
10.4
Operating costs, excluding specific 
impacts(b) 
264
261.9
(2.1)
(0.8)
Net operating income before provisions and 
impairments ((3)-(4)) 
196.4
102.4
(94.0)
(47.9)
Impairment of loans and advances to 
customers and to credit institutions (5) 
114.9
185.1
70.2
61.1
Impairment of other financial assets (6) 
10.6
12.2
1.5
14.4
Impairment of other assets (7) 
11.7
19.5
7.7
66.2
Other provisions (8) 
6.0
4.1
(1.9)
(32.2)
Net provisions and impairments 
((5)+(6)+(7)+(8))
143.3
220.8
77.6
54.1

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Share of profits/(losses) booked under the 
equity method 
0.2
(0.7)
(0.9)
(418.3)
Profit/(loss) before income tax 
53.3
(119.1)
(172.4)
(323.4)
Income tax 
(25.6)
42.3
67.9
(265.0)
Profit / (loss) after income tax from 
continuing operations 
27.7
(76.9)
(104.6)
(377.4)
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations 
-3.5
(1.9)
1.6
(44.9)
Non-controlling interests 
2.5
1.9
(0.6)
(24.7)
Consolidated net income for the period 
attributable to the shareholders
21.7
(80.7)
(102.4)
(472.1)
(a) Other results is comprised by "Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets" and "Other operating income / (expense)" 
(b) Excluding the amount related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses arising from the operational adjustment measures 
(€29.5M) in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
Total operating income amounted to €393.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to the value of 
€460.4 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), a decrease of 14.5 per cent. as a result of the decrease in 
Net interest income, Net commissions, Income from equity instruments and Income from financial operations, 
notwithstanding the favourable evolution of Other results (comprised by Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other 
financial assets and Other operating income / (expense)). 
Net interest income amounted to €242.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to the value of €254.2 
million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated). Net interest income in 2020 was adversely affected by the cost 
associated with the issue of €50 million subordinated debt to reinforce own funds, by the adverse impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic which resulted in lower levels of activity in private and corporate customers, and by the market interest 
rates, which remained at very low levels. The change in Net interest income incorporates the positive effects of lower 
interest paid on customer deposits, senior debt and wholesale funding, which was not, however, sufficient to offset the 
negative effects of lower interest received on loans to customers, due to the volume and rate effects, of lower interest 
received on the securities portfolio and the increase in interest paid on subordinated debt issues.  
In 2020 there was a decrease of €22.9 million in the interest and similar income of the Loans and advances to customers, 
expressing the reduction of the portfolio's balance (volume effect), reflecting the deleveraging of non-performing loans 
and the write-offs, as well as the evolution of the average interest rate (price effect) from 2.27 per cent. in the year ended 
31 December 2019 to 2.12 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020, in a context in which the main reference rates 
continue on negative ground. The interest received under cash and deposits essentially reflects the interest of funds taken 
at the ECB.  
The €7.0 million reduction observed in the interest on the Securities Portfolio in 2020 compared to 2019 reflects the 
reduction in the average interest rate (price effect) from 0.87 per cent. in 2019 to 0.55 per cent. in 2020, notwithstanding 
the increase in the portfolio balance (volume effect). 
The increase in the interest paid on subordinated debt in 2020 compared to 2019 essentially reflects the increase in the 
portfolio balance (volume effect), as a result of the €50 million subordinated debt issue settled in June 2020, and to a 
lesser extent, the increase in the average interest rate (price effect) from 8.84 per cent. in 2019 to 9.11 per cent. in 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Net interest income benefited from the positive impact of interest and similar 
expense reduction in Deposits from customers of €15.0 million, via the price effect, showing the impacts of the reduction 
of the average rate, from 0.27 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated) to 0.16 per cent. in the year ended 
31 December 2020, revealing the management of the pricing offered to new deposits, as well as in the renovation of 
existing deposits, and the increase of the weight of demand deposits (that bear a 0 per cent. interest rate) on the total 
deposits amount. 
The interest paid on deposits from ECB decreased by €2.4 million, through the price effect, with the average interest rate 
decreasing from 0.24 per cent. in 2019 (restated) to 0.06 per cent. in 2020, thereby providing a positive impact in the Net 
interest income. Net interest income also benefited from the reduction in interest charges on deposits from other credit 
institutions resources by €5.8 million, through the volume and price effect, with the average interest rate decreasing from 
0.71 per cent. in 2019 (restated) to 0.35 per cent. in 2020.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
The interest and similar expense paid for senior debt contributed positively to the evolution of Net interest income by 
falling €1.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), via 
the price effect, with the average interest rate having decreased from 0.97 per cent. in 2019 to 0.68 per cent. in 2020.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 
2020. 
(€ million)
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020
Interest and similar income 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
290,323
267,459
Other financial assets at amortized cost 
16,405
12,864
Financial assets held for trading 
8,616
7,962
Deposits from Central Banks and loans and advances to credit 
institutions 
6,773
6,750
Hedging derivatives 
6,559
6,566
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
5,210
1,920
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
252
154
Other interest and similar income 
76
5
  
334,214
303,680
Interest and similar expense 
 
 
Deposits from customers 
34,435
19,454
Other subordinated debt 
11,803
17,468
Debt securities issued 
10,359
9,287
Financial liabilities held for trading 
7,125
7,239
Hedging derivatives 
3,549
3,187
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions 
11,185
3,001
Lease liabilities 
1,521
1,152
Other interest and similar expense 
9
98
  
79,986
60,886
Net interest income 
254,228
242,794
 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Net interest margin stood at 1.47 per cent., compared to 1.51 per cent. in 2019, 
primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 on the economy, low interest rates and highly competitive environment, which 
continues to constrain the performance of net interest income. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest margin as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 
December 2020. 
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST MARGIN 
(€ million)
  
31 December 2019 (Restated)
31 December 2020 
  
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. 
rate 
(%) 
Interest
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. 
rate 
(%) 
Interest
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Deposits at central banks and other credit institutions
1,146
0.49
5.7
889
0.65
5.9

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Loans and advances to OCI 
265
0.40
1.1
303
0.27
0.8
Loans and advances to customers 
12,641
2.27
290.3
12,416
2.12
267.5
Securities portfolio(1) 
2,499
0.87
22.1
2,680
0.55
15.1
Other assets at fair value(2) 
22
1.12
0.3
10
1.52
0.2
Other (includes derivatives)(3) 
  
  
14.7   
  
14.2
Interest and similar income 
16,574
1.99
334.2
16,299
1.83
303.7
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Deposits from ECB 
1,385
0.24
3.3
1,452
0.06
0.9
Deposits from other credit institutions 
1,088
0.71
7.9
587
0.35
2.1
Deposits from customers 
12,596
0.27
34.4
12,344
0.16
19.5
Senior debt 
1,051
0.97
10.4
1,338
0.68
9.3
Subordinated debt 
132
8.84
11.8
189
9.11
17.5
Other (includes derivatives)(4) 
  
  
12.2   
  
11.7
Interest and similar expense 
16,251
0.49
80.0
15,909
0.38
60.9
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net interest margin 
  
1.51
254.2   
1.47
242.8
(1) Securities portfolio corresponds to the sum of Financial assets held for trading and Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. 
(2) Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and similar income. 
(3) Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Hedging derivatives and Other financial assets at amortized cost. 
(4) Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities and other 
interest and similar expense. 
 
Within the scope of the adjustment programme, the strategy outlined to increase commissions is supported by an adequate 
pricing policy adjusted to the service provided, as well as a broad offer of financial solutions to meet the needs of clients 
taking into account their age and financial profile, making Banco Montepio the client's first or main bank, thereby 
increasing the client base and the level of client loyalty to Banco Montepio. The aim of this strategy is to increase the 
number of transactions and in turn the ability to charge commissions. 
The net fee and commission income decreased from €122.6 million in 2019 (restated) to €115.3 million in 2020, 
representing a reduction of €7.2 million. This decrease was due to the reduction in economic activity and transactions as 
a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, the effect of moratoria and applicable legislation regarding the charging of credit 
commissions, and the customer support measures implemented by Banco Montepio such as the suspension of 
commissions associated with some payment services. The reduction of Net fee and commission reflected the decrease in 
market fees and commissions by €0.8 million, in loan fees by €3.1 million and Other fees and commissions by €3.9 
million, which was mitigated by the €0.5 million increase in payment services fees. 
Results from financial operations 
The Results from financial operations amounted to €17.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to 
€64.4 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), reflecting the change in Net gains / (losses) arising from 
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, amounting to minus €18.7 million (a decrease of €27.2 
million compared to the year ended 31 December 2019) due to the impact of a €12.8 million loss in a derivative related 
to a loan’s portfolio disposal transaction and a €4.1 million loss registered in funds’ participation units (in comparison 
with a €10.9 million profit in 2019). 
The Results from financial operations in 2020 also reflect the decrease in net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (a decrease of €18.6 million compared to 2019), which reflect, in 
particular, the higher gains on the disposal of Portuguese public debt securities in 2019 (the net capital gains obtained on

--- Page 105 ---
105 
the results from sales of Portuguese sovereign bonds in 2020 decreased to €13.1 million (a decrease of €28.2 million 
compared to 2019)) and, to a lesser extent, the reduction in the Results of currency revaluation (a decrease of €0.8 million 
compared to 2019). 
 
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
  
31 
December 
2019 
31 
December 
2020 
Change 2020/2019 
(Restated) 
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at 
fair value through profit or loss 
8.5
(18.7)
(27.2)
(319.7)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
42.3
23.7
(18.6)
(43.9)
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange differences 
13.7
12.9
(0.8)
(5.9)
Results from financial operations 
64.4
17.9
(46.6)
(72.3)
of which: net capital gains obtained on the results from sales 
of Portuguese sovereign bonds 
41.3
13.1
(28.2)
(68.3)
 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Operating costs amounted to €291.4 million, representing a 10.4 per cent. increase 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), due to the costs related to the staff adjustment plan and the 
resizing of the branch network amounting to €29.5 million. If Banco Montepio excluded the costs relating to the staff 
adjustment plan and resizing of the branch network, Operating costs would have decreased by €2.1 million (a decrease 
of 0.8 per cent.) compared to 2019. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Staff costs amounted to €189.3 million, compared to €162.4 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2019 (restated), as a result of costs related to the staff adjustment plan amounting to €28.3 million. 
These costs include costs incurred in connection with early retirement and voluntary redundancy options, as well as 
pension fund contributions, indemnities and health care expenses. If these costs were excluded, Staff costs would have 
decreased by €1.4 million (a decrease of 0.9 per cent.) compared to 2019. 
General and administrative expenses amounted to €67.0 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, reflecting a €1.1 
million reduction in comparison to the €68.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was due to 
renegotiation of certain contracts that have been materialising, which was offset by the €1.2 million increase in costs 
related to the closure of branches under the ongoing adjustment plan. If the costs relating to closure of branches had not 
been incurred, General administrative expenses would have decreased by €2.3 million (a decrease of 3.4 per cent.) 
compared to 2019. 
General and administrative expenses are also impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, predominantly as a result of increase 
in cleaning services and the acquisition of individual protection kits to safeguard the safety of employees and customers 
and the change in employee roles to remote-working facilities. Depreciation and amortisation amounted to €35.1 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2020, reflecting an increase of 4.7 per cent. in comparison to €33.5 million registered in 
2019 (restated).  
In 2020, the cost-to-income ratio, excluding the non-recurring costs related with the measures to adjust the workforce 
and resize the branch network, and the more volatile components of income, such as Income from financial operations 
and Other income (Income from the sale of other assets and Other operating income), stood at 72.5 per cent. compared 
to 68.7 per cent. in 2019 (restated), reflecting the reduction in net operating revenues and the increase in Operating costs. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
OPERATING COSTS 
  
  
  
(€ million)
  
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
Change 2020 / 2019 (Restated)
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
Staff Costs 
162.4
189.3
26.9
16.6
General and administrative expenses 
68.1
67.0
(1.1)
(1.7)
Depreciation and amortisation  
33.5
35.1
1.6
4.7
Operating costs 
264.0
291.4
27.3
10.4
Operating costs (comparable)(a) 
264.0
261.9
(2.1)
(0.8)
Efficiency ratios 
  
  
  
  
Cost-to-income (Operating costs (comparable) / 
Total operating income) (a) 
57.3%
66.5%
9.2 p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total 
operating income) (b) 
57.3%
74.0%
16.7 p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts (c) 
68.7%
80.7%
12.0 p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts and 
adjustment costs (d) 
68.7%
72.5%
3.8 p.p. 
(a) Excludes the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses (€29.5Mn) driven by the adjustment programme in the 4Q2020. 
(b) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
(c) Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income). 
(d) Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income), and the increase 
in staff costs and general administrative expenses (€29.5Mn) driven by the adjustment programme in the 4Q2020. 
Impairments and provisions 
The total net provisions and impairments amounted to €220.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, reflecting an 
increase of €77.6 million (54.1 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated). This was due to an 
increase of €70.2 million in Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions, €1.5 million in 
Impairment of other financial assets and €7.7 million in Impairment of other assets, notwithstanding the reduction of 
€1.9 million in Other provisions.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions amounted 
to €185.1 million, compared to €114.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated) (an increase of €70.2 
million), as a result of the increase in credit risk due to the COVID-19 pandemic (such increase estimated at €77.6 million 
of net provisions and impairments), and the reinforcement of provisions and impairments for some loan exposures that 
were in default. In 2020, the Gross loans and advances to customers increased by €68 million to €12,357 million when 
compared to 31 December 2019 (restated). The two combined effects led the cost of credit risk to amount to 1.5 per cent. 
in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to 1.0 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The aggregate of other impairments and provisions, related to other financial assets, to other assets and to provisions, 
amounted to €35.7 million in 2020 which compares with €28.4 million in 2019 (restated), reflecting the impact of the 
impairments for closed branches, the evolution of credit risk at the level of debt instruments and the process of updating 
the valuations of investment properties.  
The Impairment of other financial assets amounted to €12.2 million (an increase of €1.5 million) compared to €10.6 
million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated). This is due to the increased allocation for the charge for the 
period net of reversals for impairment of other financial assets at amortised cost (an increase of €2.7 million), 
notwithstanding the decrease for the charge for the period net of reversals for impairment of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (a decrease of €1.1 million).  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Impairment of other assets amounted to €19.5 million, representing an increase 
of €7.7 million compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), determined by the reduction in the period in 
impairment of Other assets (a decrease of €4,2 million), and by the increase of €11.9 million accounted in impairment of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Other tangible assets, following the assessments carried out by independent appraisers on a number of branches closed 
down as part of the resizing process of Banco Montepio's retail network. 
Other provisions amounted to €4.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, a reduction of €1.9 million compared 
to €6.0 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated). This reduction was fundamentally caused by the lower 
allocation for the year to Provisions for other risks and costs, despite the higher allocation to Provisions for guarantees 
and commitments undertaken. 
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS 
  
31 
December 
2019 
31 
December 
2020 
Change 2020 / 2019 
(Restated)  
  
(Restated) 
  
Amount 
% 
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit 
institutions 
114.9
185.1
70.2
61.1
Impairment of other financial assets 
10.6
12.2
1.5
14.4
Impairment of other assets 
11.7
19.5
7.7
66.2
Other provisions 
6.0
4.1
(1.9)
(32.2)
Net provisions and impairment  
143.3
220.8
77.6
54.1
 
International activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by its subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, Banco 
MG Cabo Verde and its representative offices in Frankfurt, Geneva, Paris, Newark and Toronto. As at 31 December 2020, 
foreign operations represented 1.7 per cent. of total assets, 0.2 per cent. of total loans and advances to customers (gross) 
and 1.0 per cent. of total customer resources. 
In the context of the strategic redefinition of its international shareholdings, Banco Montepio is undergoing negotiations 
with a view to re-focusing its approach to the African market, and thus accentuating the domestic focus of the Banco 
Montepio Group's activity. The Issuer is committed to pursuing a series of diligences with a view to the deconsolidation 
of Finibanco Angola, as well as assessing the strategic options available to Banco MG Cabo Verde under the new legal, 
economic and financial framework in Cape Verde as a result of a change in licensing regime.  
Finibanco Angola, in which, as at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio held 80.2 per cent. of the voting rights, is a 
universal bank supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign trade with special focus 
on transactions between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its competitive advantage on the quality of its 
service. Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise and finance individual customers and micro-enterprises, 
promoting viable business initiatives. 
Finibanco Angola completed 12 years of activity in September 2020, having been incorporated on 4 September 2007 and 
having started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 June 2008. The expansion of the distribution network, levered on 
experience and the favourable evolution of its activity, has been accomplished through own funding, in the perspective 
of proximity to its Customers, which include a total of 24 branches and corporate centres as at 31 December 2020. 
Banco MG Cabo Verde, 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, provides a broad offer of specialised financial products 
and services for the segments of individuals, institutional and companies with international vocation. 
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group's international business. 
Activity and Results 
  
  
(€million)
  
31 December 
31 December 
2020 / 2019 Change 
  
2019 
2020 
Amount 
%

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Total assets 
321.5
304.1
(17.4)
(5.4)
Loans and advances to customers (net) 
28.5
25.4
(3.1)
(10.8)
Deposits from customers 
247.2
237.0
(10.2)
(4.1)
Total operating income 
17.5
22.5
5.0
28.7
Operating costs 
7.8
9.2
1.4
17.3
Cost-to-Income 
44.7%
40.7%
(4.0) p.p. 
Net income 
6.7
6.8
0.1
2.2
Note: For comparative purposes: the financial statements of Dec-2019 and Dec-2020 of Finibanco Angola were converted using the same exchange 
rate: AOA/EUR 798.429. 
 
The Total assets of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached €304.1 million as at 31 December 
2020, compared to €321.5 million as at 31 December 2019, representing a reduction of 5.4 per cent. This decrease was 
due to the 20.7 per cent. reduction in the Total assets of Banco MG Cabo Verde, and by the 7.5 per cent. increase in the 
Total assets of Finibanco Angola in comparison with the end of 2019.  
Loans and advances to customers of the international activity as at 31 December 2020 showed a decrease of 10.8 per 
cent. compared to 31 December 2019, reducing from €28.5 million as at 31 December 2019 to €25.4 million as at 31 
December 2020. This decrease was predominantly caused by the marked reduction in the loans granted to customers by 
Finibanco Angola. Banco MG Cabo Verde does not offer credit to its clients and therefore is not included under this line 
item. 
Deposits from customers captured by the subsidiaries forming the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group 
amounted to €237.0 million as at 31 December 2020, a decrease of 4.1 per cent. compared to €247.2 million as at 31 
December 2019. This reflects the 21.6 per cent. reduction in customer deposits of Banco MG Cabo Verde, which stood 
at €108.5 million at 31 December 2020 compared to €138.3 million at 31 December 2019, associated with the increase 
in customer deposits of Finibanco Angola, which rose from €108.9 million at 31 December 2019 to €128.6 million at 31 
December 2020, and represented 54.2 per cent. of total deposits from international activity. 
The Total operating income of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to €22.5 million, 
compared to €17.5 million in 2019. This represents an increase of 28.7 per cent., underpinned by the increase in the 
Results from foreign exchange differences amounting to €12.0 million (an increase of 52.3 per cent.), in Net interest 
income amounting to €8.9 million (an increase of 3.4 per cent.) and in Other operating income amounting to €0.3 million 
(an increase of 126.7 per cent.), despite the decrease in Net commissions amounting to €1.4 million (a decrease of 29.8 
per cent.). 
At Finibanco Angola, Total operating income amounted to €21.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, 
representing a 29.6 per cent. increase compared to the €16.8 million in 2019, reflecting the increases observed in Results 
from foreign exchange differences, in Net interest income and in Other operating income, despite the reduction in Net 
fees and commissions. 
At Banco MG Cabo Verde, Total operating income amounted to €0.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, 
representing an increase of 6.5 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 due to the increase in Net interest 
income. 
The Operating costs of the international activity amounted to €9.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, a 17.3 
per cent. increase compared to the €7.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. This reflected the increases in Staff 
costs (an increase of 28.3 per cent.), in General administrative expenses (an increase by 10.8 per cent.) and in 
Depreciation and amortisation (an increase of 1.0 per cent.). At Finibanco Angola, operating costs increased by 19.6 per 
cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, while at Banco MG Cabo Verde they decreased by 9.7 per cent., reflecting the decrease 
in the activity and the effects of the corresponding markets.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
At Finibanco Angola the increase observed in Operating costs in 2020 was caused by the increases in the Staff costs (an 
increase of 29.7 per cent.), General administrative expenses (an increase of 15.6 per cent.) and Depreciation and 
amortisation (an increase of 1.0 per cent.) compared to 2019. 
At Banco MG Cabo Verde the year-on-year reduction in Operating costs in 2020 was caused by the decreases in General 
administrative expenses of 15.1 per cent. and Depreciation and amortisation of 2.2 per cent., notwithstanding the increase 
of 2.6 per cent. in Staff costs. 
As a result of the operating performance, the Cost-to-income ratio of the international activity was 40.7 per cent. in the 
year ended 31 December 2020, compared to 44.7 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The allocations for Impairments and provisions of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to €4.7 million, compared to €1.3 million in the year ended 31 December 2019, of which €3.9 million are in 
relation to Finibanco Angola and €0.6 million are in relation to Banco MG Cabo Verde.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Net income of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached 
€6.8 million (compared to €6.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2019), without considering non-controlling 
interests and exchange rate effects, with positive net income in Angola and negative in Cape Verde (€7.5 million and 
€0.6 million respectively). 
Key indicators 
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators as at 31 December 2019 (restated) and 31 December 2020. 
  
31 December 
2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 
2020 
Change 2020 / 
2019 (Restated)  
  
  
   
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS (€ million) 
  
  
  
Total assets 
17,740
17,941
1.1%
Gross loans and advances to customers(a) 
12,289
12,357
0.6%
Deposits from customers 
12,642
12,502
(1.1)%
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the 
shareholders 
22
-81
(472.1)%
  
  
  
  
SOLVENCY (b) 
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
12.4%
11.6%
(0.7) p.p.
Tier 1 ratio 
12.4%
11.6%
(0.7) p.p.
Total Capital ratio 
13.9%
13.8%
(0.1) p.p.
Leverage ratio 
7.0%
6.0%
(1.0) p.p.
Risk weighted assets (€ million) 
10,299
9,577
(7.0)%
  
  
  
  
LOAN TO DEPOSIT RATIOS 
  
  
  
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (c) 
91.0%
92.6%
1.6 p.p.
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customer 
resources (d) 
82.0%
83.9%
1.9 p.p.
  
  
  
  
CREDIT QUALITY 
  
  
  
Cost of credit risk 
0.9%
1.5%
0.6 p.p.
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
5.6%
5.1%
(0.5) p.p.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Coverage of loans and interest - overdue by more than 90 days 
by Impairment for Credit Risk 
113.7%
124.4%
10.7 p.p.
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) / Gross loans and advances 
to customers 
12.3%
10.4%
(1.9) p.p.
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks 
51.8%
60.4%
8.7 p.p.
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks and associated collaterals and 
financial guarantees 
87.4%
93.0%
5.6 p.p.
Forborne exposures (e) / Gross loans and advances to customers 
7.1%
6.6%
(0.5) p.p.
  
  
  
  
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
  
  
  
Total operating income / Average total assets (c) 
2.5%
2.2%
(0.3) p.p.
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (c) 
0.3%
(0.7)%
(1.0) p.p.
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (c) 
3.1%
(8.8)%
(11.9) p.p.
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) (c) 
57.3%
74.0%
16.7 p.p.
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment 
costs (f) (g) 
68.7%
72.5%
3.8 p.p.
Staff costs / Total operating income (c) 
35.3%
48.1%
12.8 p.p.
  
  
  
  
EMPLOYEES AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK 
(Number) 
  
  
  
Employees 
  
  
  
Group Banco Montepio (h) 
3,962
3,721
(241)
Banco Montepio (h) 
3,563
3,326
(237)
Branches 
  
   
Domestic network - Banco Montepio 
332
298
(34)
Of which: Proximity Branches 
7
7
0
Of which: BEM Corporate Centres 
2
7
5
International Network 
24
24
0
Finibanco Angola (i) 
24
24
0
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio 
5
5
0
(a) Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk. 
(b) Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios include the accumulated net income for the period. 
(c) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
(d) Total on-balance sheet customer resources = Deposits from customers and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with the Financial 
Statements annexed to this report. 
(e) EBA definition. 
(f) Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and other operating 
income). 
(g) The value related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses generated by the adjustment programme (29.5 M€) in the fourth 
quarter of 2020 was not considered in the calculation of this ratio. 
(h) The number of employees on 31 December 2020 considers the departure of 25 who agreed to leave Banco Montepio in 2020 and whose departure 
took place in early January 2021. 
(i) Includes corporate centres. 
Employees 
As a result of the evolution of the banking sector, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the need for a sustainable 
business model, Banco Montepio implemented the 2020/2021 Programme (see – "Strategy" above).  
The first phase of this programme was implemented in the last quarter of 2020 ending on 31 December 2020, with 235 
Employees (124 retirements and 111 terminations by mutual agreement) adhering to the programme (see "Strategy" 
above). As at 31 December 2020, the Banco Montepio Group had a total of 3,721 employees (compared to 3,962 as at

--- Page 111 ---
111 
31 December 2019), 89.4 per cent. of which were employees of Banco Montepio (amounting to 3,326). The decrease of 
6.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, compared to the same period in 2019, largely resulted from the implementation of 
the 2020/2021 Programme in the last quarter of 2020, which was responsible for 85 per cent. of this reduction. In 2020, 
the international activity represented only 6 per cent. of Banco Montepio Group employees, with 94 per cent. allocated 
to domestic activity, of which 95 per cent. were Banco Montepio’s employees. 
Lending Policies and Procedures 
Credit risk is associated with the uncertainty of expected returns due to the inability of both the borrower (and his 
guarantor, if any), or the issuer of a security or counterparty to comply with its obligations. 
The credit risk management process is based on the existence of a robust process of credit analysis and decision-making, 
prepared on a set of tools supporting the credit decision process. The quantification of credit risk is also supported in the 
model for calculating impairment losses. 
The fundamental principle of credit risk analysis is independence towards business decisions. In this analysis instruments 
are used and rules defined according to the materiality of the exposures, familiarity with the types of risk involved (e.g. 
the modeling capacity of such risks) and the liquidity of the instruments. 
Credit risk models play a significant role in the credit decision process. The credit decision process depends on a group 
of policies based on scoring models developed for individual and business customers and the rating for the corporate 
sector. 
Regarding the analysis methodologies, within the credit risk, the credit risk techniques and models are based on 
econometric modeling, based on the institution's experience in granting various types of credit facilities and, where 
possible, recovery.  
Credit decisions are dependent upon risk ratings and compliance with various rules governing financial capacity and 
applicants' behavior.  
There are scoring models for the admission of individuals to the retail portfolios, namely for mortgage loans, individual 
loans, and credit cards. 
Individual Entrepreneurs (Empresários em nome individual - ENI) and Micro businesses are considered part of the retail 
segment, and therefore scoring models specific to the retail segment are applied. 
There are also behavioural scoring models for retail portfolios, which are used to monitor the credit portfolio and to 
evaluate new credit proposals, and these are coupled with application scoring information, where applicable.  
Regarding non-retail credit portfolios, internal rating models are used for small, medium and large companies, 
distinguished by business sectors, such as the third sector, or by the life-span of the company's activity, namely start-up 
companies. 
Regardless of the typology of the applicable model, any proposal, contract or credit customer is classified into a single 
risk scale class, in ascending order of probability of default, composed of 19 classes, of which the first 15 classes 
correspond to performing risk classes, classes 16 to 18 to credit incidents and class 19 to default, in accordance with the 
applicable internal definition, which follows the regulators' prudential requirements. 
It is possible to exceed the response of scoring systems, internal ratings and internal price lists, only by higher decision 
levels, in accordance with principles of delegation of responsibilities set out. Rejection situations are defined in order to 
minimise the risk of adverse selection, however there is always a risk class for rejection.  
Intervention limits are also defined for the different decisions, by amount of operation and global customer exposure, 
type of operation / collateral and assigned risk class. In this context, the principle that higher hierarchical positions have 
to approve operations with higher exposures is highlighted. These limits are approved by the Board of Directors, and the 
highest decision scale corresponds to the Board of Directors. At intermediate stages, it is compulsory to intervene in a 
collegial system of at least two players, one belonging to the commercial network and the other to the Department of 
Specialised Credit Analysis (independent body of the commercial structure) as well as the Risk Department, which is

--- Page 112 ---
112 
responsible for the development of credit risk models (scoring and rating), and for the monitoring of Banco Montepio's 
risk control, on a global basis. 
Risk analysis involves regular internal reporting on key types of risk. Within credit risk, monthly internal reports are 
prepared, with the main risk indicators of credit portfolios and metrics on the use of rating / scoring models. In terms of 
preventive monitoring, an alert system for early warning signs is in place for the main indicators of credit risk tightening.  
With respect to credit impairment, IFRS 9 establishes the need to recognise Expected Credit Losses (ECL) as impairment 
for all financial assets that meet the SPPI (Solely Payment of Principal and Interest) criteria, considering the expected 
loss of credit at one year, or the expected loss of credit until the maturity of the financial instrument (ECL lifetime). 
The criteria for the determination of impairment of individually significant loans 
All customers or economic groups that meet the following conditions are subject to individual analysis: 
1. Economic Groups with a global exposure amount ≥€0.5 millions in which at least one of the participants is the 
holder of operations classified as stage 3, with customers with an exposure amount ≥ €0.1 million being selected; 
2. Customers holding stage 2 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million and customers with an exposure 
amount ≥ €1.0 million that are part of the same Economic Group; 
3. Customers holding stage 1 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million; 
4. Customers corresponding to Shareholding Management Companies (SGPS) and/or Customers holding loans 
under Project Finance with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million; 
5. Other customers when duly justified. 
For the exposure of customers or economic groups, all active credit operations (on- and off-balance sheet) are considered, 
excluding the operations subject to write-off. 
The individual analysis is the responsibility of the Specialized Credit Analysis Department and in the evaluation of 
impairment losses the following factors are essentially considered: 
- 
total exposure of each customer and/or economic group, internal rating of the customer and/or economic group, 
the stage associated with each operation and the existence of signs of impairment; 
- 
economic and financial viability of the customer or economic group and the respective ability to generate future 
cash flows to pay the debt; 
- 
existence of collaterals associated with each credit and their respective valuation; 
- 
customers' or guarantors' net assets; 
- 
situation of bankruptcy or insolvency of the customers and/or guarantors; and 
- 
expectation regarding the credit recovery period.  
The recoverable amount is determined by the sum of the expected cash flows, estimated in accordance with the 
contractual conditions in force and according to the underlying collection expectations, discounted at the original 
effective interest rate of the contract. An impairment adjustment is made when the expected cash flows are lower than 
the contractual cash flows due by the customer. 
For the determination of the expected cash flows different recovery strategies are used, which may include the going 
concern method and the gone concern method: 
- 
In case of the continuity of operations (going concern) a critical analysis is done of the companies' business 
plans or other elements available for analysis, which should include information on past events, current 
conditions and projected future economic conditions (forward-looking scenarios), with these being 
representative of the current and future economic-financial situation of the customer. For the calculation of the 
impairment of these customers, the annually projected cash flows, after adjustment of the initially estimated

--- Page 113 ---
113 
assumptions and the application of haircuts, if necessary, and considering deviations of the real figures from 
those initially projected, are discounted at the original effective interest rate of the operations;  
- 
In the case of the cessation of the activity (gone concern) the settlement through collaterals, if these exist, is 
assumed, with an exhaustive analysis being made of same, namely regarding the value of mortgage/pledge, 
valuation amount, valuation date and need for the application of haircuts, according to the ageing of the 
valuation or other factors, the deadline for the foreclosure/execution, and the deadline for the sale, as well as 
the associated maintenance and selling costs. For the calculation of the impairment of these customers, the 
annually projected cash flows, after adjustments, are discounted at the original effective interest rate; 
For each recovery strategy, the respective expected loss of credit is calculated, considering different forward-looking 
scenarios, weighted by the respective probability of occurrence. For specific cases, it is possible to use strategies that 
combine with either the going concern or the gone concern methods. 
Credit Recovery Policy 
In 2020, Banco Montepio implemented a reorganisation project relating to non-performing credit recovery whereby 
processes were established with the main focus on enhancing efficiency of operations from the early stages of default. 
This involved implementing a lean process redesign and standard predefined cure approaches. 
Standard pre-defined approaches are differentiated by segment and credit features, depending on length of time for cash 
shortages (short term, medium or long term recoveries), willingness of customers to cooperate, collateral valuation, 
litigious treatment, and not providing the ability to reduce guarantees. 
Standard pre-defined treatments, are part of the new practices implemented to reduce the recovery process cycle, and 
therefore enabling more cost effective cure strategies with less impact on the Issuer’s net income. Law firms pre-
appointed by the Issuer deal with all the judicial recovery processes, regardless of the complexity of the process or the 
exposure amount to be recovered. 
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented new settlement plans and related decision levels for loans in arrears with less 
than 1 month through standardized recovery solutions available to the branches’ teams to enhance the recovery 
procedures and modus operandum from the early stages of default. 
The Banco Montepio Group has adopted forbearance measures and practices, aligned in terms of risk, in order to adjust 
the disposable income or the financial capacity of customers to their debt service. On this basis, the recommendations 
legislated in the scope of the default regimes (Decree-Law no. 227/2012) and for companies (SIREVE, PER, PEAP, 
PEVE, RERE) were adopted, with these being widely disclosed in the institutional website, in the internal rules and 
communications, to be disclosed and implemented vis-à-vis customers presenting evidence of financial difficulties. 
Regarding the forbearance measures and in accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 9 January 2015, 
contractual changes were considered (grace period of the principal, extension of the term, deferral of the principal, etc.) 
as were the consolidation of debts in another contract with conditions adjusted to the customer's current situation. 
As at 31 December 2020, the loan and advances to customers' portfolio included loans amounting to €817.2 million 
(compared to €868.7 million as at 31 December 2019) that, given the customers’ financial difficulties, were subject to 
amendments of the initial conditions. These loans had an impairment of €368.1 million as at 31 December 2020 
(compared to €365.3 million as at 31 December 2019). 
Additionally, the restructured loans and advances to customers' portfolio includes contracts that resulted in a formal 
restructuring with the customers and the consequent celebration of a new loan to replace the previous loans. The 
restructuring may result from a reinforcement of guarantees and/or liquidation of part of the loan and involve an extension 
of maturities or a change in the interest rate. The analysis of restructured loans as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020, by credit type, is as follows: 
  
(€ thousand)
  
31 December 2019 31 December 2020

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Corporate 
  
  
Loans 
149,396
175,732
Current account loans 
311
9,669
Finance leases 
1,525
1,276
Other loans 
2,018
949
Retail 
   
Mortgage loans 
4,893
2,778
Consumer credit and other loans
6,424
6,993
  
164,567
197,397
 
Restructured loans are also subject to an impairment analysis that results from the revaluation of the expectations given 
the new cash flows inherent to the new contractual conditions, discounted at the original effective interest rate, and 
considering the new collaterals presented. 
As at 31 December 2020, the impairment charges on the restructured loans not yet due amounted to €79.0 million, which 
corresponds to an impairment rate of 40 per cent. (compared to €58.6 million and impairment rate of 35.6 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019). 
The total amount of principal and interest recovered in written-off loans as at 31 December 2020 amounted to €2,634 
thousand compared to € 8,102 thousand as at 31 December 2019.  
Banco Montepio uses real and financial collaterals as instruments to mitigate credit risk. The real collaterals correspond 
mainly to mortgages on residential properties in the scope of housing loans and mortgages on other types of properties 
in the scope of other types of loans. To reflect the market value of these, they are reviewed regularly based on valuations 
conducted by certified independent appraiser entities or through the use of revaluation coefficients that reflect the trend 
in the market for the type of property and the geographical area. The financial collaterals are revalued based on market 
values of the respective assets, when available, with certain depreciation coefficients being applied to reflect their 
volatility. Most of the real collaterals are revalued at least once a year. 
The following tables show total NPEs (as per EBA definition) and total impairment charges as at 31 December 2019 
(restated) and 31 December 2020: 
 (€ thousand)
  
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020 
(a) 
Stock of Non-performing exposures 
1,511,060
1,289,555
(b) 
Gross loans and advances to customers 
12,289,173
12,357,216
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances to 
customers (a / b) 
12.3%
10.4%
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand)
  
  
31 December 2019 
(Restated) 
31 December 2020 
(a) 
Impairment for credit risks 
782,505
779,514
(b) 
Stock of Non-performing exposures 
1,511,060
1,289,555
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for 
credit risks (a / b) 
51.8%
60.4%

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Risk Management 
The Banco Montepio Group is exposed to several risks the most relevant of which in the financial component being 
credit, concentration, market, interest rate, banking portfolio market, foreign currency, liquidity, real estate, and Pension 
Fund risks. Additionally, the Banco Montepio Group is subject to other non-financial risks, namely operating, reputation, 
and strategy and business risks. Depending on the nature and relevance of the risk, plans, programs, or actions are 
designed, supported by information systems and procedures providing a high degree of reliability as regards risk 
management measures established in due course. For all risks identified as material, Banco Montepio has implemented 
a process for the identification and review of same, being subject to regular monitoring and mitigation actions in order 
to reduce potential losses for the Banco Montepio Group.  
The control and the efficient management of risk play a key role in the balanced and sustained development of Banco 
Montepio. In addition to contributing to the optimisation of the profitability/risk binomial of the various lines of business, 
they also ensure the maintenance of an adequate risk profile in terms of solvency and liquidity. 
The monitoring of these risks is centralized in the Risk Department, the unit responsible for the risk management function 
of the Banco Montepio Group, which regularly informs the Board of Directors of the evolution of the risk profile of the 
institution and, if necessary, proposes risk exposure mitigation/reduction actions.  
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, who set out the 
tolerance levels and maximum risk limit, for each specific risk considered materially relevant, in accordance with the 
defined strategic objectives and business plan, with this policy being reviewed regularly. It is also the responsibility of 
the Board of Directors to ensure an adequate risk control at group level, namely through the respective supervisory 
boards. The Risk Committee is the non-executive body with the role of risk management supervision. Its mission is to 
monitor the design and implementation of the risk strategy and risk appetite of the Banco Montepio Group and to verify 
whether these are aligned with the sustainable strategy in the medium- and long-term, providing advice to the Board of 
Directors and Executive Commission in these areas. 
The Board of Directors seek to ensure that Banco Montepio has sufficient capital to meet regulatory requirements and to 
cover potential losses resulting from the activity, with an optimised balance sheet structure that maintains a stable and 
safe funding capacity and liquidity profile, allowing it to face stress situations and ensuring the continuity of its operations 
and the protection of its depositors and holders of non-subordinated debt. 
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is designed to ensure an adequate relationship, at all times, 
between its own funds and the business it carries on, and also to evaluate the risk/return profile by business line, assuming 
particular importance in this scope the monitoring and control of the main types of financial and non-financial risks (such 
as credit, market, liquidity, real estate and operating) which the Banco Montepio Group's business is subject to. 
In order to ensure an effective management of the risks associated with the Banco Montepio Group's activities, the Risk 
Department is responsible for promoting that all Group companies, including those located abroad, implement risk 
management systems that are coherent with each other and in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Internal 
Regulation of the Banco Montepio risk management function, in the Banco Montepio Group's Global Risk Policy and in 
the remaining applicable internal policies and regulations, without prejudice to the respective legal and regulatory 
framework. The Risk Department is responsible for monitoring the risk management activity of Group companies, on a 
consolidated and individual basis, ensuring the consistency of the risk concepts used, the methodologies for risk 
identification, measurement and control, the supporting standards and respective risk profile monitoring processes, as 
well as the compliance with the applicable regulatory and prudential requirements, namely on a consolidated basis. These 
activities should be directly assured by the risk management functions of those entities, except in those cases where 
Banco Montepio's Board of Directors decides that the development of these responsibilities by Banco Montepio's Risk 
Department is more effective and efficient. 
In common with many similar credit institutions which finance housing loans, the Issuer's loan assets are relatively 
illiquid whilst its funding is based on retail deposits, most of which are either legally available on demand or are of a 
short term nature (although in practice such deposits usually remain with the Issuer for extended periods).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Liquidity risk is assessed using regulatory indicators defined by the supervisory authorities and other internal 
measurements for which exposure limits are also defined. This control is reinforced by the execution of stress tests, aimed 
at characterising Banco Montepio's risk profile and assure that the Banco Montepio Group meets its obligations in the 
event of a liquidity crisis. 
The objective of controlling the liquidity levels is to maintain a satisfactory level of liquid assets so as to meet financial 
needs in the short, medium and long term. Liquidity risk is monitored daily, with various reports being prepared for 
control and monitoring purposes and to support decision-taking within the Capital, Asset and Liability Committee 
(CCAP). Under the control of risk levels, limits are defined for various liquidity risk indicators, which are monitored 
through weekly and monthly reports. 
The evolution of the liquidity situation is monitored, in particular, based on estimated future cash flow projections for 
various time horizons, considering Banco Montepio's balance sheet. The liquidity position of the day under review and 
the amount of assets that are considered highly liquid in the uncompromised securities portfolio are added to these 
projections so as to determine the accumulated liquidity gap for various time horizons. Moreover, the level of compliance 
of the liquidity prudential indicators, Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and Additional 
Liquidity Monitoring Metrics (ALMM), and of internal ratios such as, for example, loan-to-deposits ratios, concentration 
of funding sources, short term funding and eligible assets are monitored as well. 
The table below sets out the liquidity gaps in December 2020: 
 LIQUIDITY POSITION GAPS 
(€ million)
Position reference date + forecast amount
Maturity periods 
On sight and
up to 1 week
Above 1 
week and up
to 1 month 
Above 1 
month and
up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months and
up to 6 
months 
Above 6 
months and
up to 12 
months 
Accumulated mismatches 
3,242
3,234
3,215
3,243
3,192
 
As at 31 December 2020 the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") reached 200.7 per cent., an increase in comparison to 
the ratio of 179.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, and amounting to 100.7 p.p. above the minimum regulatory 
requirement of 100 per cent. As at 31 December 2020 the commercial gap stood at a comfortable level with the loan-to-
deposit ratio, consisting of loans and advances to customers divided by deposits from customers, at 92.6 per cent. 
Concerning the exchange rate risk of the banking book, in general, the funds raised in foreign currencies are invested in 
assets in the respective money market for maturity periods that are not higher than those of the resources. Therefore, the 
existing foreign exchange gaps essentially derive from possible mismatches between the maturity periods of the assets 
and liabilities. The current foreign exchange exposure of the Banco Montepio Group in consolidated terms is essentially 
the result of structural positions derived from the conversion of the balances of the subsidiaries (such as Finibanco 
Angola) in their main currencies, namely the Angolan Kwanza, Brazilian Real and American Dollar. Limits of exposure 
have been defined for the exchange rate risk of the banking book, which are monitored by the management bodies and 
by the ALCO, where any overrunning of the established limits follows an established circuit, including approval by the 
management body or the implementation of measures to cover this risk. 
The limits defined for exchange rate risk include limits of position by currency, in consolidated and individual terms, as 
well as in terms of VaR, and are also disaggregated in terms of the trading book and banking book. 
The total assets and liabilities, by currency, as at 31 December 2020 is as follows: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 (€ million)

--- Page 117 ---
117 
  
 Euro  
 U.S. 
Dollar  
 Angolan 
Kwanza  
 Swiss 
Franc  
 Pound 
Sterling  
 Brazilian 
Real  
 Other foreign 
currencies  
 Total 
amount  
Total Assets 
17,538.7
259.6
106.9
4.4
1.8
28.0
1.6
17,941.0
Total liabilities 
16,299.8
204.6
71.1
4.4
14.1
0.0
20.0
16,613.8
Exchange forward transactions
0.0
(50.2)
0.0
(0.1)
12.0
(28.0)
38.4
-
Exchange Gap 
-
4.9
35.8
0.0
-0.3
0.0
20.0
-
 
The result of the stress test performed corresponds to the estimated impact (before tax) on equity, including minority 
interests, due to a devaluation of 20.0 per cent. in the exchange rate of each currency against the Euro. 
Banco Montepio entered into a Non-Deliverable Forward ("NDF") with the objective of hedging or eliminating the 
foreign exchange risk underlying the position held in shares of Monteiro e Aranha, SA (asset accounted in BRL), thus 
hedging the impact on capital ratios driven by the risk of devaluation of the BRL, with negative impact on currency 
revaluation reserves. As at 31 December 2020, the outstanding NDF had a nominal value of BRL178.5 million. In 
accordance with the strategy approved by the Board of Directors for the sale of non-core assets, Banco Montepio sold its 
holding in Monteiro e Aranha S.A. in March 2021. 
The interest rate risk caused by operations of the banking portfolio is assessed through risk sensitivity analysis, on an 
individual and consolidated basis for the subsidiaries included in the Banco Montepio Group's consolidated balance 
sheet. 
Interest rate risk is appraised in accordance with the impacts on net interest income, net worth and own funds caused by 
variations in market interest rates. The main risk factors arise from the mismatch between the interest rate revision periods 
and/or residual maturity between assets and liabilities (repricing risk), from non-parallel variations in interest rate curves 
(yield curve risk), from the nonexistence of perfect correlation between different indexers with the same repricing period 
(basis risk), and from the options associated to instruments which enable divergent action of agents depending on the 
level of rates that are contracted and applied at any given time (option risk). 
Following the recommendations of Basel and Banco de Portugal Instruction number 34/2018 of 15 June 2018, the Banco 
Montepio Group calculates its exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, at least quarterly, based on the methodology 
of the Bank of International Settlements (BIS), classifying all the headings of the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet 
items which do not belong to the trading book, by repricing brackets. 
In this context, limits are defined for exposure to interest rate risk factors which are monitored by ALCO, where any 
overrunning of the established limits, even if temporary, requires the approval of the management body or the 
implementation of measures to cover the exposure. 
At the same time, a stress test is conducted with six shock scenarios in the interest rate curve. This test measures impacts 
on net interest income at one year and on net worth of the shocks in the interest rate curve prescribed in the BIS document 
of April 2016, Standards – Interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Based on the financial features of each contract, the respective expected cash flow projection is made, according to the 
rate repricing dates and any pertinent performance assumptions that are considered.  
The table below presents a summary of the exposure to interest rate risk as at 31 December 2020, given by the repricing 
gaps in the balance sheet’s assets and liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, on a consolidated basis, as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, which are not accounted in the trading book: 
INTEREST RATE REPRICING GAPS 
(€ million)
  
Up to 3 months 3 to 6 months 6 mounths to 1 year 1 to 5 years More than 5 years
31 December 2020 
  
  
  
  
  
Assets

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Debt securities 
89.3
287.9
60.0
920.6
1,168.7
Loans and advances 
6,740.1
3,010.6
1,171.1
775.1
305.8
Others 
89.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
38.9
Off-balance sheet 
1.1
0.0
6.7
756.7
0.0
Total 
6,919.9
3,298.6
1,237.8
2,452.3
1,513.5
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Debt securities issued 
8.6
0.8
57.3
1,408.5
19.4
Term deposits 
2,803.4
1,491.6
2,133.8
720.4
0.0
Others 
460.5
54.2
0.4
1,609.9
301.1
Off-balance sheet 
750.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
1.3
Total 
4,022.5
1,546.7
2,191.5
3,739.0
321.8
GAP (Assets - Liabilities)
2,897.4
1,751.9
(953.8)
(1,286.7)
1,191.7
 
(€ million)
  
Up to 3 months 3 to 6 months 6 mounths to 1 year 1 to 5 years More than 5 years
31 December 2019 
  
  
  
  
  
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
Debt securities 
386.4
175.9
360.6
1,137.9
775.9
Loans and advances 
7,085.8
2,837.8
984.2
797.0
66.2
Others 
36.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.8
Off-balance sheet 
4.8
0.0
6.7
763.3
0.0
Total 
7,513.4
3,013.6
1,351.5
2,698.3
870.9
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Debt securities issued 
9.9
1.5
57.4
1,368.1
23.4
Term deposits 
3,001.0
1,490.5
1,980.2
1,515.4
0.0
Others 
159.0
443.1
393.9
706.2
29.8
Off-balance sheet 
753.4
0.0
0.0
0.1
1.4
Total 
3,923.3
1,935.1
2,431.5
3,589.9
54.6
GAP (Assets - Liabilities)
3,590.1
1,078.5
(1,080.1)
(891.6)
816.3
 
 
(€ million)
  
Dec 2020 
 
Dec 2019 
  
December
Annual average
Maximum
Minimum
 
December
Annual average
Maximum
Minimum
Interest Rate Gap
3,600.4
3,834.1
4,067.7
3,600.4
 
3,513.3
3,314.5
3,513.3
3,032.6
 
Sensitivity to the balance sheet interest rate risk is calculated by the difference between the present value of the interest 
rate mismatch discounted at market interest rates and the discounted value of the same cash flows, simulating parallel 
shifts of the market interest rate curve.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
As at 31 December 2020, based on the interest rate gaps observed, an instantaneous and parallel positive variation in the 
interest rates by 100 basis points would cause a decrease in the economic value expected from the banking portfolio of 
approximately €55.6 million (31 December 2019: decrease of €31.6 million). 
The concept of market risk reflects the potential loss that could be recorded by a given portfolio as a result of changes in 
rates (interest and exchange) and/or in the prices of the different financial instruments comprising the portfolio, 
considering both the correlations that exist between them and their volatility. 
Value-at-Risk (VaR) is one of the key metrics used to measure and monitor market risk. The Banco Montepio Group 
calculates the VaR on a daily basis, both for its trading book and for the portfolio of financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. VaR is also calculated on a time horizon of 10 business days and at a 99 per cent. 
significance level, by the historical simulation method. The types of risk considered in this methodology are interest rate 
risk, exchange rate risk, price risk, spread risk and commodities risk.  
With respect to market risk information and analysis, there is regular reporting on Banco Montepio's own portfolios and 
those of other entities of the Banco Montepio Group, with various risk limits being defined, including overall limits of 
VaR, by Issuer, by type/class of asset and stop loss and loss trigger limits for positions held for trading and in other 
comprehensive income. 
In the reports produced, the various exposure limits are controlled, analysed the risks of concentration, credit, interest 
rate and asset price variation, among others. These analyses consider the analysis of scenarios, namely the sensitivities 
of the securities portfolio to variations of interest rates, spreads, adverse exchange rate evolution and variation of the 
market prices of shares and real estate properties.  
In addition to the risk report of Banco Montepio's overall portfolio, specific risk reports are also produced for the trading 
book and the proprietary portfolios of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
In order to ensure more effective risk management, the positions in portfolio are disaggregated into a portfolio of financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio of other financial assets at amortised cost, portfolio 
of financial assets not necessarily held for trading at fair value through profit or loss, and portfolios of assets held for 
trading (which exclude hedge coverages and fair value option), with risk limits being defined according to the type of 
portfolio. The thresholds applicable to the portfolios are defined in internal regulations, updated on an annual basis or 
other, whenever justified by alterations to market risk levels. Stop loss and loss trigger thresholds are also defined, 
applicable to the portfolios. Whenever any of these thresholds are reached, the re-examination of the strategy intrinsic to 
this position is compulsory. 
As at 31 December 2020 the Banco Montepio Group's investment portfolio was mainly concentrated on bonds, 
representing 84.3 per cent. (31 December 2019: 83.6 per cent.) of the total portfolio, where the majority of the portfolio 
comprised of sovereign bonds, essentially from Portugal, Spain and Italy. 
Banco Montepio held no position in credit derivatives as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
Regarding the credit quality of the debt securities portfolio, approximately 96.8 per cent. is rated as investment grade (31 
December 2019: 84.2 per cent.). Of note are the Portuguese and Italian sovereign bonds with a rating of BBB- that 
represent 84.1 per cent. (31 December 2019: 66.8 per cent.) of the portfolio. Concerning the portfolio breakdown, there 
was a reduction in the corporate debt, namely Portuguese corporates, partially offset by an increase in the sovereign debt, 
namely Portuguese and Italian debt. 
A summary of the banking book’s value at risk (VaR) indicators in December 2019 and December 2020 is presented 
below: 
  
Dec-19 
Dec-20 
  
Banking book 
Trading book 
Banking book 
Trading book 
Market VaR(1) (2) (3) 
0.58% 
1.93% 
3.78% 
20.52% 
Interest Rate Risk 
0.63% 
1.32% 
2.31% 
0.40%

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Exchange Rate Risk 
0.01% 
1.12% 
0.00% 
2.06% 
Price Risk 
0.01% 
0.74% 
0.00% 
20.55% 
Credit risk (spread) 
0.58% 
0.63% 
3.19% 
0.73% 
Commodity Risk 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
(1) Time horizon of 10 days and significance level of 99%; Percentage over total portfolio assets; Includes Banco Montepio and BEM.
(2) Includes the diversification effect. 
(3) Excludes positions of Finibanco Angola. 
 
Reference is made to the increased VaR of the banking and trading books, in relation to the figures observed in 2019, 
derived from the situation of instability that affected the financial markets, especially in March 2020, associated to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. These circumstances are, by definition, a stress scenario. 
Moreover, analyses are also conducted of scenarios and stress (based on past extreme events) for the trading book to 
complement the analysis of all the other risk indicators. 
Competition 
As at 30 June 2020 the Issuer was the seventh largest bank in Portugal on the basis of total net assets (source: Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos). Despite competition in the market, Banco Montepio has been able to sustain its position in the 
market and to preserve its market share in banking activity. Banco Montepio's overall market share (deposits and loans) 
was 5.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (source: Banco de Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (Domestic 
Activity)). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a market share of 5.9 per cent. in mortgage loans and 5.8 per cent. 
in loans to SMEs and corporates (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary Statistics (Domestic Activity)). As 
at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio's market share in total deposits was 5.4 per cent., reaching 5.6 per cent. in the 
household deposits segment, including emigrants (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary Statistics 
(Domestic Activity)). 
The Issuer considers that its primary competitive advantage is its superior customer service, as a result of being majority 
owned by a mutual beneficial association, its product offering including private pension schemes provided by MGAM 
and its reputation as a stable financial institution.  
Technology 
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and innovative services to 
its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese market. 
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, current accounts 
processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and credit cards, saving accounts and 
inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day of the week, without unavailability related to Batch 
Processing.  
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: "Core System" and "Distributed Systems". The Core System 
corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux platforms where most 
departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud solution based in VMWARE and HYPER-
V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation and virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, which in turn 
increased operational efficiency, reduced production time, and infrastructure-related efforts and costs. 
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access to new 
applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of "Load Balancers NetScalar" and application 
virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery speed and quality of applications for an 
end-user. The product helps business customers perform tasks such as traffic optimisation, load balancing, and web 
application acceleration while maintaining data security. It also performs several kinds of caching and compression. The

--- Page 121 ---
121 
benefits of application virtualisation include ease of maintenance and greater portability, making programs easier to deploy 
across several versions of Windows. Another one of the benefits of application virtualisation is that applications that 
depend on custom drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes deploying upgrades and patches easier. 
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, Microsoft Teams, 
Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune. 
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS solution 
empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning marketing and sales 
activities for its customers.  
These service integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer in what regards 
to user and application accessibility management. 
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated on a continuous 
basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology. 
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-cluster 
Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection mechanisms, geographic 
balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are present in its own infrastructure with multi-
user interconnections to assure that all national and international communications and their contents are served in Lisbon 
or Porto, providing protection against failures in the event of interruptions in local or regional networks, power outages or 
natural disasters. 
One key component of the security infrastructure is the Security Operations Center ("SOC") service. The SOC is the 24x7 
single point of contact for monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised team with specialised skills 
("CERT"). Its mission is to ensure continuous monitoring and improve the security level of the organisation while 
preventing, detecting, analysing and responding to cybersecurity incidents, backed by processes and technologies. 
Procedures are defined for major incidents to be appropriately escalated and to activate the DR/BC plan if needed and 
lessons learned activities are taken and documented from previous events and incidents. 
Remote access to Microsoft Cloud Services requires multifactor authentication. Some sensitive systems do not allow 
remote access.  
Access to Banco Montepio's network is segmented on the basis of employee access, customer access and access to certain 
third parties. Since the beginning of 2020, access to the internal network is granted through the Zscaler Private Access 
solution that uses the technology Zero trust network access ("ZTNA"). ZTNA gives users seamless and secure connectivity 
to private applications without ever placing them on the network or exposing apps to the internet. The implementation of 
this solution in the Banco Montepio Group has replaced the previous VPN-based solution. 
In 2020 Banco Montepio implemented a new ITSM solution and one of the components of the project was to create a 
CMDB with the inclusion of a vast set of IT assets. This information is complemented by a database that contains the 
Application Portfolio, including documentation on the interconnection between applications. Incident management and 
escalation roles, responsibilities, and procedures are formally defined. Most incidents and service requests are registered 
in the ticketing system. 
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local market, such as: 
 Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX Omnichannel platform, 
including several native Apps for iOS and Android, providing customers with a wide range of transactions, 
including enquiries, deposits, transfer orders and bill payments, and online brokerage services. To increase 
security, new features were added to the omnichannel platform, implementing Strong Customer Authentication. 
 A contact centre (Phone24) has been established, which provides phone, fax, e-mail and chat capabilities for its 
customers.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24). Banco Montepio was the first bank to provide ATM services 
in Portugal in 1984. At present their last generation ATM with a Web-based Application and cash-Recycling 
technology provides a broad range of products and services which are all touch screen only and voice-enabled, 
such as bill payment, cash and check deposits, and passbook automatic page turn. 
 A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform, providing the migration 
from a Client-Server architecture to a Web-Based Application running in Virtual machines. The new solution 
allows the integration of information from a diversity of sources like CRM, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows, 
Intranet and others. 
 Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting financial processes 
dematerialisation was implemented, replacing traditional processes based and supported in paper, in line with 
best technical and security standards, with the objective of enhancing Banco Montepio's image of innovation and 
digital transformation, improve customer experience and reduce operating costs and operational risk. This new 
solution started to be adopted for supporting processes that originated in branch networks and will be gradually 
spread to other areas / processes. 
 An Enterprise Data Warehouse ("EDW") which supports all needs related to Business Intelligence trends 
considering financial services. This infrastructure keeps increasing, on a regular basis, in order to cater to the 
needs arising from the development of new business lines and to meet business subject areas like risk, 
profitability, pricing, Regulatory Reporting, Auditing, and Marketing. 
 The former "CRM" evolved to a Marketing Automation level comprising a new Analytic platform, based on 
Microsoft CRM Online, interacting with an upgraded Operational CRM application among full integration with 
a revised 360º Customer Vision (value-added with new commercial relevant information) and integration with 
Product Catalog and other distribution channels for a total Customer relation awareness. 
 A credit scoring application is in operation providing a useful tool for assessing risks related to housing loans, 
consumer credit and credit cards. 
 Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to improve trade management, support of complex derivatives, 
options and structured trades support, improve straight-through processing. With Finastra Kondor+ Banco 
Montepio was able to implement a complete front-to-back solution with strong support for risk management and 
centralised administration and control. Recent developments are improving the global front-to-back solution with 
the integration of two new tools provided by Bloomberg: TOMS (Trade Order Management Solutions) and 
MARS (Multi-Asset Risk System). 
 A "Time Deposit Workflow" is in operation allowing the integrated management of spread authorisation in time 
deposits. 
 A "Workflow" system allowing for the integrated management of the credit process has been implemented. 
 An "Enterprise Document Management System" has been implemented supporting different business processes 
such as inter-bank circulation of cheque images, members' and customers' signatures and daily branch movement. 
 In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System ("Northland") has been implemented as well 
as a Filtering System ("Fircosoft") for "funds transfer" operations and for clients. 
 A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform 
This project aimed to respond to new Banco de Portugal credit risk reporting requirements ("CRC 5 G"), aligned 
with new EU Central Bank reporting legislation ("AnaCredit"). The solution implemented in the development 
of the project included the construction of a new centralised credit risk information database in the business 
intelligence architecture, which can be used later on to answer to different information requirements in this 
domain. The project also included the development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Banco de Portugal, which included the implementation of the appropriate functionalities and controls to support 
the management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention. 
 Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation 
This project included an extended review of the IT applications and tools that support credit recovery, addressing 
the following key objectives and enhancements: To adjust credit IT applications and tools to the new 
organisational and operational credit recovery model in place; To improve credit IT applications and tools 
suitability to the requirements of the credit recovery department; To develop a new credit recovery Portal to 
support credit recovery department relationship with external law offices that provide services, which provides a 
broad range of functionalities to enable proper management and control of the processes. 
 A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in Banco Montepio's APP M24, which incorporates videoconferencing 
and digital signatures; 
 A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow; 
 A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels; 
 The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures compliance 
with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2); 
 Opening of account and credit online for individuals; 
 System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) system in every customer interaction with Banco Montepio. 
The following are the last projects concluded in 2020 / beginning of 2021: 
 Development of new IT platforms to support Anti-Money Laundering and Market Abuse processes, based upon 
SAS technology and specialized modules for those areas; 
 A Virtual Assistance Agent, based on Artificial Intelligence technology, which is the first point of contact with 
customers who use the Contact Center service, with the objective of increasing the efficiency and reduce costs in 
customer service. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes that showed more potential and less complexity 
for adopting this technology. This technology will be extended gradually to other processes and cases of use, 
assuming the greatest relevance in the bank’s IT strategy modernisation roadmap; 
 Robot Process Automation 
This project implemented a new technological architecture for enabling the end-to-end automation of low-value-
added processes/activities, resulting in more satisfied customers and money-saving efficiencies for the Issuer. In 
2020 the project focused on a set of processes that showed more potential and less complexity for adopting this 
technology. This technology will be extended gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest 
relevance in the bank’s IT strategy modernisation roadmap; 
 Implementation of the new 3-D SECURE TECHNOLOGY, provided by SIBS, that ensures the highest level of 
security in preventing fraud in cards payments, by incorporating the use of SCA (strong customer authentication) 
in e-commerce operations carried out with payments cards; 
 Implementation of new fraud prevention and detection service for transactions carried out on the Issuer's 
multichannel platform, offered by Paywatch. The service is available in an as-a-service (FPaaS) model, based on 
the experience and knowledge of the SIBS FPS teams on fraud in electronic payment and cybersecurity and 
supported on a state-of-the-art technological platform (SaferPayments); 
 New digital customer journeys using the Digital Onboarding solution technology incorporating 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; and

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 APP Aprova – a new security solution for Strong Customer Authentication. A multi-factor mobile-first 
transactional authentication system that allows customers to authenticate sensitive online banking operations on 
a Mobile Phone. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In November 2016, Banco Montepio was notified by Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings relating to alleged 
violations of certain AML procedures (administrative proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 84/14/CO). These 
proceedings relate to events that occurred prior to 12 August 2016 and concern alleged non-compliance by Banco 
Montepio with certain duties pertaining to the implementation of required mechanisms allowing for: (a) the identification 
and the knowledge of the ownership and control of corporate entities; (b) information on the origin of funds; (c) 
information updates relating to banking entities; (d) extension to affiliates of measures equivalent to those foreseen in Law 
no. 25/2008; (e) system parameters for high risk operations; and (f) the provision of information reports to the Prosecutor 
General’s Office (Procuradoria Geral da República) of operations potentially related to AML. Banco Montepio presented 
its defence in January 2017. In January 2020, a decision was issued by the Banco de Portugal that determined that Banco 
Montepio had committed 16 administrative offenses, instead of the 142 administrative offenses that were originally 
alleged. The Banco de Portugal issued a single fine of €400,000. Banco Montepio challenged the decision issued by the 
Banco de Portugal. 
On 21 February 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of an unfavourable ruling under an administrative proceeding 
(processo de contraordenação) no. 102/14/CO) whereby Banco de Portugal imposed on Banco Montepio an administrative 
fine (coima) of €2.5 million and an ancillary sanction consisting of the publication of the final ruling. No further sanctions 
have been imposed upon Banco Montepio. This administrative proceeding relates to events that occurred between 1 
January 2009 and 2 September 2014 and concerns alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties 
regarding, in general terms: (a) its internal control system procedures, (b) the assessment and approval of intragroup credit 
operations, (c) the calculation of specific credit provisions, and (d) the implementation at Banco Montepio's subsidiaries 
of suitable procedures to assess the origin of funds of the subscribers of the participation units representative of the 
Participation Fund of Banco Montepio. The origin of these non-compliant events has been addressed and Banco Montepio 
is now compliant with these duties. Banco Montepio judicially challenged this ruling on 22 April 2019. On 9 September 
2019, Banco Montepio was notified of a favourable ruling whereby the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court 
(Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém held that the first notice of indictment issued by Banco 
de Portugal on 7 March 2017, is null and void, and annulled the initial ruling whereby Banco de Portugal imposed the 
administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million. The Court also ordered the annulment of all notifications issued and referred 
the case back to Banco de Portugal so that a new valid decision could be issued. Banco de Portugal and the State Prosecutor 
(Ministério Público) both challenged this ruling of annulment. 
The discussion and judgment hearing with regards to the above mentioned administrative proceedings no. 102/14/CO and 
no. 84/14/CO ended in early 2021. The relevant Court ruled that these two administrative proceedings would merge into 
a single administrative proceeding, in which Banco Montepio was acquitted of 29 administrative offences and convicted 
of 14 offences imposing a single fine of €1 million, which was suspended at €500,000. Banco Montepio appealed and a 
decision is awaited from the relevant Court. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the 
outcome of these proceedings. 
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the administrative 
process PRC-2012/9 ("Decision"), in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were engaged 
in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 
19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco 
Montepio a fine of €13 million. The Decision is being appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other Portuguese banks) to 
the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court. By appealing this Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be 
suspended until a final decision is made. Based on all the relevant circumstances, the management considers there is a 
likelihood that the administrative fine (coima) will not become effective following the legal remedies that come to be 
lodged against the Decision. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio is not aware of any claim for damages 
related to the Decision or to the related facts.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings (processo de 
contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning accounting standards and 
internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. The fines in relation to those alleged violations range from 
€3,000 (lowest minimum limit) to €5,000,000 (highest maximum limit), which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding 
twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio challenged these proceedings and is in the process of submitting 
evidence to support its position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of 
these proceedings. 
In March 2020, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings (administrative 
proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 39/17/CO) relating to eleven alleged violations of the rules for the 
calculation of its own funds and for providing periodic information occurring during 2013, 2014 and 2016. The fines in 
relation to those alleged violations range between €3,000 (lowest minimum limit) and €5,000,000 (highest maximum 
limit), which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio challenged 
this decision and as a result, Banco de Portugal issued a decision fining Banco Montepio €275,000 for committing one 
administrative offence and not eleven offences as stated in the previous decision. Banco Montepio submitted a request to 
renounce its right to counter this decision and accepted the fine of €275,000 which has been paid. 
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period covering at least the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a significant effect on Banco Montepio's financial 
position or profitability. 
Outlook under COVID-19 
Banco Montepio has operational risk management instruments, including a 'Business Continuity Plan'. The plan was 
activated to ensure the best safety conditions for all employees, customers and suppliers in order to ensure the continuity 
of financial services and the maintenance of banking operations with as much normality and fluidity as possible. A set of 
risk mitigating measures have been implemented in order to ensure normal business operation. 
As foreseen in the business continuity plan, Banco Montepio's crisis management office was also activated, which is 
responsible for crisis management, implementation and monitoring of an operational continuity plan and coordination of 
the business recovery and return to normality teams.  
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has brought several challenges, Banco Montepio has managed to provide timely 
solutions to the emerging needs guided by the principle of protecting the safety and health of its employees and customers. 
As a result of the necessary adjustment to the COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty about the development of the 
recovery of economic activity, Banco Montepio is in the process of implementing several measures in order to accelerate 
the digital transition, adjust its service model and increase efficiency, while preserving the convergence to the main goals 
defined in its strategy.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER CORPORATE AND GOVERNING BODIES OF THE 
ISSUER 
Following the implementation of the 2013 Articles of Association, the Issuer's governance structure comprises 
management and supervisory bodies separate from those of MGAM. Nonetheless, as the Issuer is an entity majority owned 
by MGAM, there exists a core of shared strategic principles.  
In the General Meeting held on 30 April 2015 and continued on 27 May 2015, a partial amendment of the Issuer's by-laws 
was approved. The amended by-laws were ratified by the General Meeting of MGAM held on 25 June 2015. 
One of the key amendments to the Issuer's by-laws was to how members of the different governing bodies were elected. 
Pursuant to the amended by-laws, as approved in the said General Meeting of MGAM held on 25 June 2015, all governing 
bodies began to be elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer (i.e. members of the Board of Directors of MGAM are no 
longer statutorily members of the General and Supervisory Board of the Issuer). 
One other relevant amendment was the inclusion of new governing bodies, as foreseen in the RGICSF: (i) a Remuneration 
Committee; (ii) an Evaluation Committee; and (iii) a Risk Committee. The members of these new governing bodies were 
also elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer. 
On 22 July 2015 an Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting was convened to elect, inter alia, the members of its Executive 
Board of Directors and General and Supervisory Board for the term 2015/2018. This Extraordinary General Meeting took 
place on 5 August 2015. 
Following the approval of the Savings Banks Act, which entered into force on 10 October 2015, and the resolution of the 
Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act, an Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio 
was convened on 22 November 2016, to discuss Banco Montepio's transformation into a public limited liability company 
and consequently amending its Articles of Association. 
The transformation into a public limited liability company was further discussed in an Extraordinary General Meeting of 
the Issuer held on 4 April 2017, in accordance with number 2 of article 6 of the Savings Banks Act. This adopted resolutions 
that needed to be ratified by resolution of the General Meeting of MGAM, which held an extraordinary session on 9 May 
2017, in accordance with Article 6 (4.g) of the Decree-Law No. 190/2015, Articles 32 and 33 of Banco Montepio's by-
laws and Article 25 (g) of the MGAM's by-laws.  
It should also be noted that the effectiveness of the resolutions taken at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 4 April 
2017, regarding Banco Montepio's transformation into a public limited liability company, only occurred after Banco 
Montepio's commercial registration, which took place on 14 September 2017.  
On 14 September 2017, the deed was executed, converting Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company, and 
changing its legal name to Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
Banco Montepio's corporate governance, after its transformation into a public limited liability company and as provided 
in article 6 of the new by-laws, maintained the General Meeting, the General and Supervisory Board, the Executive Board 
of Directors and the Statutory Auditor as the governing bodies of Banco Montepio, but the Remuneration Committee, the 
Evaluation Committee and the Risks Committee became Corporate Bodies of Banco Montepio. Two new corporate bodies 
(the Financial Matters Commission and the Secretary of Banco Montepio) were also added. 
Pursuant to the resolutions taken in the General Meeting of Banco Montepio, the members of the Executive Board of 
Directors and the General and Supervisory Board maintained their terms in the statutory bodies after the transformation 
of the Issuer into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima). 
Banco Montepio's corporate governance was a two-tier model, which included an Executive Board of Directors, a General 
and Supervisory Board and a Statutory Auditor. Pursuant to the Issuer's corporate governance, the General and Supervisory 
Board was the body responsible for the supervision, monitoring and counselling of the Issuer's activity.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Meanwhile the Issuer has implemented an important change in its corporate governance and, since 16 March 2018, it has 
operated, a one-tier corporate structure with a Board of Directors, including an Audit Committee and an external 
independent auditor. 
Pursuant to the corporate governance model adopted by the Issuer – the one-tier Anglo-Saxon model – and following the 
approval in the General Meeting held on 16 March 2018, the new corporate bodies were elected and the new Articles of 
Association were approved. The new corporate bodies and the respective members were approved by the Banco de 
Portugal on 4 April 2018. 
The Articles of Association were further amended on 30 October 2018 (currently in force), according to which the Board 
of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of twelve and maximum of nineteen members, including a non-executive 
Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting of Shareholders, and, in addition to 
its legal duties, shall undertake the Issuer's management pursuant to article 13 of the Articles of Association. The Board of 
Directors shall delegate the day-to-day management of the Issuer to an Executive Committee, defining its membership, 
operating rules and the limits of its power, and shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, who shall not be the Chairperson 
of the Board of Directors. 
Some of the non-executive members of the board that also form the audit committee have supervisory powers (i.e. they 
are prevented from exercising executive tasks) and are responsible for overseeing the management of the Issuer. 
The auditor is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes its opinion. An 
audit performed by the auditor is conducted in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing and other technical 
and ethical standards and recommendations issued by the Institute of Statutory Auditors. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the new Articles of Association in force, Banco Montepio's Governing Bodies are: 
a) the General Meeting of Shareholders; 
b) the Board of Directors, which includes an Audit Committee; and 
c) the Statutory Auditor. 
The General Meeting Board, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Statutory Auditor, shall be elected 
pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Association. The term of office shall be four years and members may be re-elected. 
The members of the governing bodies are elected at an Extraordinary General Meeting, in accordance with Article 9 and 
Article 11 of the new by-laws. 
The elected governing bodies took office on 21 March 2018 and Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva carried out the duties of 
Chief Executive Officer and, temporarily, Chairperson of the Board of Directors under the terms authorised by the Banco 
de Portugal. 
The Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer and the relevant members for the mandates March 2018-2021 are set 
out below. 
Mandate March 2018 - 2021 
Board of Directors  
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 March 
2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting until 2021. The following 
are the current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
Name  
 
 
 
Other positions 
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva 
 President of the Board of 
Directors (Chairman) 
 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
 
Non-executive member 
 
No other positions 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Non-executive member 
 
No other positions 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves1 
 
Non-executive member 
 
No other positions 
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira2 
 
Non-executive member 
 
No other positions 
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves3 
 
Non-executive member 
 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Crédito, S.A. 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Non-executive member 
 
Non-executive member of the Board of 
Directors of HTA – Hotéis, Turismo e 
Animação dos Açores, S.A 
Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins
 
 
Non-executive member 
 
No other positions 
 
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão4 
 
 
President of the Executive 
Committee (CEO) 
 
No other positions 
 
Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso 
Mota Jorge Jacinto5 
 
Vice-President of the Executive 
Committee 
 
No other positions 
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares de 
Moura Costa Pina 
 
Executive member 
 
No other positions 
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva 
Baião7 
 
Executive member 
 
No other positions 
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus 
 
Executive member 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, 
Soc. Unip. S.A. 
Leandro Rodrigues da Graça 
Silva6 
 
Executive member 
 
No other positions 
 
Nuno Cardoso Correia da Mota 
Pinto 
 
Executive member 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Crédito, S.A.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
Pedro Miguel Nunes Ventaneira 
 
Executive member 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
Notes 
1Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 15 January 2019. 
2José da Cunha Nunes Pereira took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 1 April 2020. 
3Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 23 August 2018. 
4Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 6 January 2020. 
5Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso Mota Jorge Jacinto took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 9 January 2019.  
6Leandro Rodrigues da Graça Silva took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 9 November 2018. 
7 Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva Baião was appointed by the Board of Directors on 18 February 2021. 
Areas of responsibility of each executive member of the Board of Directors: 
Area of Responsibility 
Carlos Tavares 
President of the Board of Directors 
(Chairman) 
Corporate Office of the Board (GCA) 
General Secretariat of the Society (SGS) 
Economic and Financial Studies Office (GEEF) 
Audit and Inspection Directorate (DAI) 
Pedro Leitão 
President of The Executive Board (CEO) 
People Management Directorate (DGP) (1) 
Strategic Marketing Directorate (DME) 
Operational Marketing Directorate (DMO) 
Directorate of Communication and Brand (DCM) 
Investor Relations Office (GRM) 
Dulce Mota 
Vice-President of The Executive Board 
North and Center Commercial Directorate (DCNC) 
South and Islands Commercial Directorate (DCSI) 
Commercial Dynamisation Directorate (DDC) 
Nuno Mota Pinto 
Corporate Banking Directorate (DBE)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Executive Member 
Commercial Directorate of the Social Economy and the Public Sector 
(DCESSP) 
José Carlos Mateus 
Executive Member 
Financial and International Directorate (DFI) 
Financial Assets Monitoring Office (GAAF) 
Strategy, Planning and Control Directorate (DPEC) 
Credit Analysis Directorate (DAC) 
Pedro Ventaneira 
Executive Member 
Risk Directorate (DRI) 
Specialized Credit Analysis Directorate (DAEC) 
Model Validation Office (GVM) 
Accounting and Financial Reporting Directorate (DCRF) 
Information Management Office (GGI) 
Helena Soares de Moura 
Executive Member 
People Management Directorate (DGP) (1) 
Legal Advisory Directorate (DAJ) 
Litigation Directorate (DCONT) 
Compliance Directorate (DCOMP) 
Data Protection Office (GPD) 
Customer and Quality Office (GC) 
Leandro Graça Silva 
Executive Member 
Credit Recovery Directorate (DRC) 
Real Estate Office (MGAI) (2) 
Jorge Baião 
Executive Member 
Transformation and Innovation Office (CTI) 
Information Systems Directorate (DSI) 
Services and Operations Directorate (DSO) 
Shared Services Office (USP) (2) 
Procurement Directorate (CCOMP) (2) 
(1) With accompanying delegation by Helena Soares de Moura 
(2) Shared service areas that are not part of the Banco Montepio organization chart

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
General Meeting Board 
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 March 
2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting until 2021.  
The following are the current members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer: 
Name 
 
 
 
Other positions 
António Manuel Lopes Tavares 
 
Chairperson 
 
Not applicable 
Cassiano da Cunha Calvão 
 
Secretary 
 
Not applicable 
Audit Committee 
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 March 
2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting until 2021. The following 
are the members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer: 
Name 
 
 
Other positions 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira1 
 
Chairperson 
No other position 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Member 
No other positions 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Member 
No other positions 
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira2 
 
Member 
No other positions 
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
 
Member 
No other positions 
1 Manuel Ferreira Teixeira was appointed Chairman of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 October 2019, following the resignation of Luis Eduardo Henriques Guimarães, 
Non-Executive member, who served as Chairman of the Audit Committee until and including 30 September 2019. 
2 Designated on 1 April 2020 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee1  
Name 
 
 
José da Cunha Nunes  
 
Chairperson 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Member 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Member 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
 
Substitute Member 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Substitute Member 
1 By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the composition of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee was approved, which was 
previously composed of: Manuel Ferreira Teixeira (Chairperson designated on 22 August 2019), Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva (Member) and Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
(Member) 
Risk Committee1  
Name 
 
 
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins  
 
Chairperson 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Vice-President 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Member 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
 
Member 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Member

--- Page 132 ---
132 
1 By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the recomposition of Risk Committee was approved, which was previously composed of: Vitor Manuel do 
Carmo Martins (Chairperson designated on 3 October 2019), Manuel Ferreira Teixeira (Member) and Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor (Member) 
 
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee1 
Name 
 
 
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva 
 
Chairperson 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Member 
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira 
 
Member 
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves 
 
Member 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Member 
1 By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the recomposition of the Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee was approved, which was 
previously composed of: Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva (Chairperson), Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves (Member) and Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor (Member). 
Statutory Auditor 
The following are the members of the Statutory Auditor for the period 2016-2018: 
KPMG & Associados - SROC, S.A., registered at CMVM with the number 9098, the Head Office at Edifício 
Monumental, Av. Praia da Vitória, number 71-A, 11th floor, 1069-006 Lisbon. 
In the General Meeting held on 30 December 2015, KPMG & Associados – SROC, S.A., represented by Ana Cristina 
Soares Valente Dourado (ROC nº1011) was elected for the term 2016/2018, responsible for the audit and certification of 
the annual accounts during the two 12 (twelve) month periods ended 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2016, 
respectively. 
In July 2018 Ana Cristina Soares Valente Dourado (ROC no. 1011) was substituted by Hugo Jorge Gonçalves Cláudio 
(ROC no. 1597). 
The following is the Statutory Auditor for the period 2019-2021:  
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at CMVM with the 
number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, 
represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), 
and was elected for the term 2019-2021 in the General meeting held on 27 May 2019. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda is a member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under no. 183. PricewaterhouseCoopers & 
Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda has no material interest in the Issuer. 
According to the new articles of association, the areas of focus of each governing body and corporate body are as follows: 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting of Banco Montepio shall consist of shareholders who have voting rights. Each share shall represent 
one vote. Only those shareholders with voting rights may attend, speak and vote at a General Meeting, in person or 
through a representative, who at the registration date, which is equal to zero hours (GMT) on the fifth working day prior 
to the holding of the Meeting ("Registration Date"), are the owners of at least one share. 
The General Meeting Board shall consist of a Chair and a Secretary, elected at a General Meeting. The Chair is required 
to:  
1) 
call the General Meeting and chair its proceedings;  
2) 
inform the appropriate authorities, within the legal deadlines, of the outcomes of General Meeting decisions and 
the names of those elected to the Company's Governing Bodies;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
3) 
vest the members of the Governing Bodies, of Corporate Offices and members of Committees elected at a General 
Meeting with their respective powers;  
4) 
consider any justifications of absence submitted; and  
5) 
accept and deal with appeals lodged with the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the law and within the 
official deadlines. 
An ordinary General Meeting shall discuss the matters submitted to the Annual General Meeting, under article 376, no.1 
of the Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), plus any other matters included on the agenda, 
and an extraordinary meeting shall be held whenever one is convened in accordance with the law and these Articles of 
Association.  
General Meeting decisions shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast, unless otherwise prescribed under the law 
or the Articles of Association. General Meeting decisions regarding changes to the Articles of Association, a merger, 
splits, transformation or winding-up of the Company shall only be valid if they are approved by a 2/3 (two-thirds) of the 
votes cast. 
General Meetings of Banco Montepio shall take decisions on the matters assigned them by the law and the Articles of 
Association, and it is charged with:  
1) 
electing members of the General Meeting Board the Governing Bodies; 
2) 
electing the Statutory Auditor, following a proposal from the Audit Committee; 
3) 
electing, every four years, a Remuneration Committee comprised of three independent members empowered to set 
the remuneration of Governing Bodies members, pursuant to article 399, no.1 of the Commercial Companies Code 
(Código das Sociedades Comerciais);  
4) 
discussing the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the proposed profit 
distribution; 
5) 
conducting a general appraisal of Banco Montepio's management and supervision, with the scope laid down in the 
law; 
6) 
assessing the guidelines set out in the multiannual plans and updates, following a proposal from the Board of 
Directors; 
7) 
discussing the Company's geographical presence policy;  
8) 
discussing the Board of Directors' report on subsidiaries;  
9) 
being informed, pursuant to the law, of appeals lodged. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of 12 and maximum of 19 members, including a non-executive 
Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting.  
The Board of Directors shall act as a body and may take decisions as long as a majority of its members is present. It shall 
meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month. Decisions shall be taken on the basis of the majority of 
votes cast by the members present, and the Chair shall have a casting vote. 
Notwithstanding the other duties assigned by law, the Board of Directors is charged with managing the Issuer, in 
particular:  
1) 
requesting the convening of General Meetings;  
2) 
the annual drawing up of the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the 
proposed profit distribution, to be accompanied by the Audit Committee's opinion, to be submitted to the Annual 
General Meeting for approval;

--- Page 134 ---
134 
3) 
approving, annually, the action program and the budget for the following year, after receiving the Audit Committee's 
opinion;  
4) 
discussing the purchase, sale and encumbrance of assets;  
5) 
discussing the opening and closure of offices and any other form of representation;  
6) 
discussing the expansion and curtailing of Banco Montepio's business and changes to its functional structure; 
7) 
setting, in general terms, the interest rates, commissions, and prices to apply to banking transactions and services 
rendered; 
8) 
discussing the signing and termination of cooperation agreements with other institutions and Banco Montepio's 
membership of associations; 
9) 
discussing the issuing of bond loans and non-convertible debt instruments; 
10) discussing the purchase, sale or encumbrance of any financial holdings in companies or groups of companies;  
11) requesting admission to trading on a regulated market of securities issued by Banco Montepio; 
12) drawing up mergers, split and transformation proposals;  
13) setting up the committees and commissions it deems necessary to fulfil its duties, including a Remuneration, 
Appointments and Evaluations Committee and a Risk Committee, and appointing their members and chairs;  
14) representing Banco Montepio in or out of court, and undertake to abide by arbitration;  
15) co-opting Directors;  
16) appointing the Company Secretary and his/her alternate;  
17) appointing Banco Montepio's representatives to the governing bodies of institutions in which it has holdings or is a 
member. 
The Board of Directors is charged with delegating the day-to-day management of Banco Montepio to an Executive 
Committee, as well as charging one or more directors with the handling of certain management matters, within the legally 
defined limits. 
The Board of Directors shall define the make-up, operating rules and the powers of the Executive Committee, and shall 
appoint its chair, who shall be the Board of Directors vice-chair, and it may appoint a vice-chair.  
In addition to the committees referred to in the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may also approve the 
setting up of committees to monitor, on a permanent basis, specific matters, and such committees shall be chaired by a 
member of the Board of Directors. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee shall be comprised of at least 3 and a maximum of 5 members, elected at a General Meeting from 
among the non-executive members of the Board of Directors. If one is not appointed by the General Meeting, the Audit 
Committee shall nominate a Chair from among its members.  
Notwithstanding any legal requirements, the Audit Committee shall undertake a permanent assessment of Banco 
Montepio, in particular as regards its financial performance, the devising of the institution's strategy and general policies, 
the group's business structure and the decisions deemed strategic due to the sums or risks involved and, in particular:  
1) 
monitor Banco Montepio's management;  
2) 
monitor compliance with the law and the Articles of Association;  
3) 
check the correctness of the company's ledgers, accounting records and supporting documents;  
4) 
check the accuracy of the accounting documents;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
5) 
check whether the accounting policies and valuation criteria employed by Banco Montepio ensure the proper 
valuation of its assets and profits;  
6) 
draw up an annual report on its audit work and give its opinion on the report, accounts and proposals submitted by 
the Board, as well as on the action plan and budget;  
7) 
convene a General Meeting whenever the Chair of the General Meeting Board fails to do so;  
8) 
monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and the internal audit system;  
9) 
receive notices of irregularities sent by Banco Montepio shareholders, employees or others;  
10) monitor the preparation and disclosure of financial information;  
11) propose to the General Meeting the appointment of a particular Statutory Auditor;  
12) monitor the auditing of Banco Montepio's financial statements;  
13) monitor the independence of the Statutory Auditor, particularly in regard to the provision of additional services. 
The Audit Committee Chair shall convene and preside over meetings of the Audit Committee, and shall have a casting 
vote.  
The Audit Committee shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month, and whenever convened by its 
Chair, on his/her own initiative or at the request of any of its members or of the Chair of the Board of Directors.  
Whenever it deems it necessary, the Audit Committee shall summon to its working sessions any persons belonging to the 
Banco Montepio structure, as well as the external auditors.  
Members of the Audit Committee shall take part in meetings of the Executive Committee whenever the accounts for the 
year are appraised.  
The Audit Committee shall keep a written record of all checks, audits and complaints received and action taken, and the 
respective outcomes. 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee 
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be comprised of three members, including a Chair 
appointed by the Board of Directors from among its nonexecutive members or from among the members of the Audit 
Committee, and a majority of them, including the Chair, shall have the status of independent.  
Members of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be duly qualified to discuss the subjects 
they deal with, and at least one member shall have knowledge and experience of remuneration policy matters.  
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall perform the legal duties relating to remuneration 
policy in keeping with the law.  
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall also state its opinion as to the suitability of the 
proposed supplementary retirement pension, for old age or disability, schemes for directors, to be approved by way of 
specific regulations at a General Meeting, pursuant to article 402 of the Commercial Companies Code (Código das 
Sociedades Comerciais).  
At least one member of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be present at General 
Meetings that discuss matters falling within its mandate.  
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee shall consist of three members, including a Chair, appointed by the Board of Directors from among 
its non-executive members or from among Audit Committee members, who possess the knowledge, skills and experience 
required by law. A majority of Risk Committee members, including the Chair, shall have the status of independent.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
The Risk Committee is charged with performing the duties set out in the law and, in particular:  
1) 
advising the Board of Directors as to Banco Montepio's risk appetite and its general, current and future risk strategy;  
2) 
assisting the Board of Directors in its supervision of the implementation of Banco Montepio's risk strategy;  
3) 
analysing the terms and conditions of Banco Montepio's products and services and providing the Board of Directors 
with a correction plan whenever its analysis shows that the terms and conditions do not adequately reflect the risk.;  
4) 
examining whether the incentives defined in Banco Montepio's remuneration policy take into consideration risk, 
capital, liquidity and expectations as to results.  
The Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee 
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee shall be comprised of three members, including a Chair 
appointed by the Board of Directors from among its non-executive members or from among the members of the Audit 
Committee, and shall possess the knowledge, experience, skills, understanding and personal qualities for the proper 
performance of their duties. 
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee is responsible, among others, to support the Board of 
Directors in promoting a healthy governance culture within Banco Montepio and its subsidiaries; propose the adoption 
of a corporate governance code or the adoption of appropriate governance guidelines; support the Board of Directors in 
particular by reviewing existing documents and proposing amendments; analyse corporate governance and propose 
changes that improve the decision-making process and improve the performance of the inherent functions; analyse the 
typology of committees and propose changes that will improve the efficiency of corporate governance; oversee the 
preparation of the Annual Corporate Governance Report; issue an opinion on the Conflict of Interest Policy, Code of 
Conduct and other documents that define ethical principles for doing business, when requested by the Board of Directors, 
or taking the initiative to review existing documents and propose amendments; assess mechanisms for monitoring 
compliance with sustainability policy, with particular attention to the impact on the social economy. 
This Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
The Statutory Auditor 
The Statutory Auditor, elected at a General Meeting, following a proposal from the Audit Committee, shall possess the 
skills required by law, namely by the Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais). The Statutory 
Auditor shall attend General Meetings at which the accounts are appraised and whenever his presence is requested. 
Conflicts of Interest 
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective boards, none 
of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests or other 
principal activities as listed above. 
Business Addresses 
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members listed above is 
Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a material effect 
on the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
BANCO MONTEPIO AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH MGAM 
The information disclosed below in relation to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista (MGAM) is presented for 
information only. MGAM is not responsible for payments on the Notes issued under the Programme which are the sole 
responsibility of Banco Montepio. 
Banco Montepio is a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited liability company (sociedade 
anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. It has 
separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is MGAM, with 99.99 per cent. shareholding. MGAM has no 
responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio's debts. MGAM has not guaranteed the Notes. 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM with a view to paying MGAM its annual 
net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco Montepio's Articles of Association) so as to enable MGAM to 
meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit association (associação mutualista).  
MGAM is a "private institution of social support" (i.e. an instituição particular de solidariedade social of the mutual 
benefits association type) whose principal goals are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social 
protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. MGAM is not permitted 
to carry out banking or trading activities. It is limited to its principal social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish 
subsidiaries and can invest its funds in a number of ways. It is subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As at 
31 December 2020, the total number of MGAM's permanent members was 598,438 (601,784 as at 31 December 2019). 
The welfare schemes which MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, 
guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for young people and a 
wide variety of collective schemes. 
MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues. Those funds are invested in property and a number of 
different types of securities and equity participations, particularly financial institutions (including its interest in Banco 
Montepio). It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of organisations in health and welfare. Other activities 
include the organisation of members' social functions, publication of a members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, 
artistic and social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio's share capital or otherwise to support Banco Montepio.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
OUTLINE OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BANCO MONTEPIO GROUP'S COMPANIES 
MONTEPIO HOLDING, SGPS, S.A. 
In June 2013, Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A. changed its corporate name to Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. is a holding company, with a 100 per cent. stake in Montepio Investimento S.A., Montepio 
Crédito, IFIC, S.A. and Montepio Valor, SGFI, S.A., and an 80.2 per cent. stake of voting rights in Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
MONTEPIO INVESTIMENTO, S.A. 
Montepio Investimento, S.A., a bank 100 per cent. controlled by Banco Montepio, through Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A., adopted the trade name of Banco de Empresas Montepio (BEM) on 4 June 2019, henceforth developing, in an 
integrated and multidisciplinary manner, Commercial Banking and Investment Banking activities, aimed at placing on the 
market a complete, integrated and global offer of services. 
Underlying the creation of BEM was the contribution that the new model would bring in terms of incremental business to 
the Banco Montepio Group. Thus, the launch of Banco de Empresas Montepio was accompanied by the creation of the 
Corporate Banking Division, with the mission of managing the loans to the Companies and Institutional segments 
(excluding financial sector entities) with an annual turnover equal to or more than €20 million, an area particularly well 
suited to the development of the activity of BEM. The business developed and monitored by the Corporate Banking 
Division is accounted in Banco Montepio and BEM as follows, the medium and long-term loans, as well as those 
represented by financial instruments are registered in BEM’s balance sheet; and the remaining operations carried out with 
BEM's corporate clients are registered in Banco Montepio's balance sheet. 
The Corporate Banking area supports its customers throughout all the stages of their business cycle, with specific solutions 
for every need, namely in areas related to international trade, factoring and treasury management. The Investment Banking 
area (which incorporates the areas of Corporate Finance, Capital Market, Advisory Services, Financial Structuring, and 
Debt and Equity Distribution) supports restructuring, capitalisation and enhancement of the robustness of companies, thus 
contributing to investment and sustainable growth of the Portuguese private sector. For such, BEM has a team of 
specialised professionals working side by side in permanent coordination, to assure that the customers receive a global 
and personalised service. 
In 2020, BEM pursued its action driven by the goal of expanding the Banco Montepio Group's offer of products and 
services directed to the corporate segment, especially the SME and middle market segments, and supporting their needs 
emerging in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
BEM relies on 10 Corporate Centres, distributed throughout the country, where dedicated managers receive their 
customers, identify their needs, present value propositions while promoting relations of proximity. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Net assets of Banco de Empresas Montepio amounted to €453.0 million, showing an increase 
of €241.2 million (an increase of 114.8 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2019 (restated), reflecting the growth of Loans 
and advances to customers. 
Net loans and advances to customers amounted to €317.1 million as at 31 December 2020, compared to €75.2 million as 
at 31 December 2019 (restated), corresponding to an increase of €241.9 million, due to the performance of the headings 
of Loans and advances to customers and Loans represented by securities. Up to September 2019, the loan portfolio of 
BEM was limited to movable and immovable property leasing under amortisation. The first credit operation, under the 
new business model, was signed at the end of September 2019, initiating a gradual and sustained growth of the loan 
portfolio. 
As at 31 December 2020, Equity (€178.5 million) and Resources from other credit institutions (€261.6 million) constituted 
the main source of funding, representing 97.1 per cent. of Total assets (compared to 99.1 per cent. at the end of 2019 
(restated)). 
In the business model adopted for the corporate and investment banking area, BEM monitors companies with a turnover 
equal to or higher than €20 million in all aspects of the relationship, although the transactionality of these companies

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(deposits, current accounts, cards, automatic payment terminals at point of sale, among other operations) are assured by 
Banco Montepio, through the same commercial agents (belonging to the two banks) allowing synergies and rationalization 
of costs not only in this area, but in a transversal way in the respective organizational structures. 
In 2020, the first year of activity of BEM under the new business model, which incorporates the Corporate and Investment 
Banking areas, the evolution of the operational component was marked by the necessary additional operating costs arising 
from the allocation of resources to the new activities, and which did not exist in 2019, and by the preservation of the level 
of revenues. 
Total operating income in the year ended 31 December 2020 reached €4.3 million, representing an increase of €1.8 million 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated). This increase was driven by the favourable performance in Net 
interest income (an increase of €1.9 million), as a result of the sharp growth in the loans and advances to customers 
portfolio, in net commissions (an increase of €0.7 million) predominantly driven by the structuring and arrangement of 
funding transactions, reflecting the adherence of BEM's value proposal to its target market, together with an increase of 
€0.1 million in Income from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit and loss and €0.5 million in Other 
operating income. However, the total operating income was negatively influenced by some components inherited from 
Montepio Investimento's previous activity, in particular the devaluation of the units of participation of Restructuring Funds 
reflected a loss of around €2.3 million in Results from Financial Operations. 
Operating costs in the year ended 31 December 2020 following the implementation of a new strategy, amounted to €5.0 
million, representing an increase of €2.1 million (an increase of 70.3 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 
2019 (restated), determined by the €1.8 million increase in personnel costs, as a result of the expansion of the workforce 
and by the €0.3 million increase in depreciation and amortisation, despite the control of general administrative expenses, 
which remained practically stable compared to 2019 and included expenses with consultancy services (consultants and 
external auditors) and staff assignment (Banco Montepio). 
Income before impairments and provisions in the year ended 31 December 2020 was negative €0.7 million, compared to 
negative €0.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 (restated), reflecting the favourable change in operating income 
and the increase in operating costs that accompanied the adoption of the new business model and the allocation of resources 
to new activities. Excluding the extraordinary costs not related to the current activity of BEM regarding the results of 
financial operations ([a decrease of] €2.3 million), the operating income would amount to €6.6 million and the Income 
before impairments and provisions to €1.6 million, already signalling the BEM’s sustainability in its new activity. 
MONTEPIO CRÉDITO – INSTITUIÇÃO FINANCEIRA DE CRÉDITO, S.A. 
Montepio Crédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (Montepio Crédito), 100 per cent. controlled by Banco 
Montepio, through Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A., offers specialised credit in the automobile, home and services sectors, 
and equipment, complemented by a set of solutions for customers that are individuals, companies and institutions of the 
Social Economy sector. The specialised credit segment shows one of the vertices of the Banco Montepio Group's strategy, 
reflecting the focus on consumer credit. 
As a result of the repositioning made in terms of the Banco Montepio Group and the strong and solid relations established 
with its partners, based on the experience acquired over the years, Montepio Crédito has developed a specialised offer of 
credit solutions in the following areas: Automobile, Health, Automobile Repair, Telecommunications and Furniture for the 
segment of individuals; and Logistics, Water, Transport, Energy, Energy Efficiency and Industry for the segment of 
companies.  
Montepio Crédito has an extensive team of professionals in the networks in which it operates, in order to provide the best 
service and support to its customers, through the diversity of its specialised offer in the areas of personal credit, loans 
linked to an asset, movable property leases and operating leases (renting). The entire team relies on the centralised support 
of a specialised back-office. 
As at 31 December 2020, Net assets reached €613.8 million (compared to €587.5 million as at 31 December 2019), 
revealing a 4.5 per cent. growth.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Loans and advances to customers (net of impairments) reached €511.8 million as at 31 December 2020, representing an 
increase of €43.6 million (9.3 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2020, Equity amounted to €56.8 million, showing an increase of €3.9 million (7.4 per cent.) compared 
to €52.9 million as at 31 December 2019, underpinned by the increase in Other reserves and retained earnings and net 
income. 
Total operating income reached €20.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to €16.7 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2019, due to the increase in Net interest income by €5.3 million (an increase of 96.5 per cent.) and in 
net commissions by €0.6 million (an increase of 15.3 per cent.), notwithstanding the decrease in Results from financial 
operations by €2.2 million (a decrease of 29.9 per cent.) and in Other operating income which amounted to negative €0.2 
million in the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to €0.01 million in the year ended 31 December 2019.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Operating costs amounted to €12.3 million, corresponding to an increase of €0.6 
million (5.5 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, caused by the increase of €0.3 million (5.5 per 
cent.) in Staff costs and by €0.3 million (72.2 per cent.) in Depreciation and amortisation, notwithstanding the General 
administrative expenses reduction by 0.05 million (a decrease of 0.9 per cent.). 
Income before impairments and provisions in the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to €7.9 million, compared to 
€5.0 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 sustained by the increase in operating income, notwithstanding the 
increase in operating costs. 
Montepio Valor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Investimento,S.A. 
Montepio Valor - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Investimento, S.A. (Montepio Valor) is 100 per cent. controlled by 
Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A., with its corporate object being the management of real estate investment funds. 
The Net assets of Montepio Valor amounted to €6.0 million as at 31 December 2020 compared to €6.5 million as at 31 
December 2019, reflecting a year-on-year decrease of €0.4 million (a decrease of 6.6 per cent.). 
The Assets under management amounted to €424.0 million as at 31 December 2020, increasing by €23.2 million compared 
to €400.8 million as at 31 December 2019. The year-on-year increase was driven by the increase of the "Fundo de 
Investimento Imobiliário Valor Prime" (Open Real Estate Investment Fund) portfolio. 
As at 31 December 2020, Equity amounted to €5.0 million compared to €4.7 million as at 31 December 2019 (an increase 
of 5.5 per cent. year-on-year) and represented the main source of funding, accounting for 82.5 per cent. of Total assets 
compared to 73.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, Total operating income amounted to €4.3 million, compared to €5.0 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2019, primarily influenced by the performance of Net fees and commissions which fell by €0.7 
million (a decrease of 14.6 per cent.), due to the lower management fees charged on the investment funds managed by 
Montepio Valor. 
Operating costs reached €3.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to €3.6 million in the year ended 31 
December 2019 (an increase of 4.2 per cent.), driven by the Staff costs increase by 27.1 per cent., notwithstanding the 
reduction on General administrative expenses (a decrease of 17.5 per cent.) and on Depreciation and amortisation (a 
decrease of 17.1 per cent.). 
Income before impairments and provisions was €0.5 million compared to €1.4 million in 2019, as a consequence of the 
decrease in operating income, due to the evolution of net commissions and the increase in operating costs, influenced by 
the increase in staff costs. 
SSAGINCENTIVE - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e Gestão de Imóveis, S.A.  
SSAGINCENTIVE - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. (SSAGINCENTIVE), is 100 per 
cent. controlled by Banco Montepio through Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A., with its corporate object being the real estate 
properties management and trading.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
As at 31 December 2020, the Assets of SSAGINCENTIVE amounted to €56.7 million, showing a 2.2 per cent. reduction 
in comparison to €58.0 million accounted in 2019. 
The real estate properties under management are accounted as inventories and refers to the acquisitions made to Banco 
Montepio of immovable properties for sale, namely fractions of real estate valued at market value. On 31 December 2020 
the inventories amounted to €36.1 million, of which €18.2 million refer to buildings and €17.9 million refer to land, 
showing a reduction of €4.5 million compared to €40.6 million recorded as at 31 December 2019, as a result of the sales 
throughout 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, Equity stood at €56.5 million, compared to €57.8 million as at 31 December 2019, reflecting the 
unfavourable impact of the 2020 net income which was negative by €1.3 million. Equity was the main source of funding, 
representing 99.6 per cent. of Total assets compared to 99.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
Sales and services provided amounted to €4.4 million in 2020, compared to €5.1 million in 2019, corresponding to the 
amounts arising from sales of inventories under SSAGINCENTIVE’s current activity. 
Cost of goods sold and materials consumed reached €4.3 million in 2020, representing a decrease of €0.8 million compared 
to 2019, and represents the acquisition cost of the properties sold, after deducting the respective impairment. 
Impairment of inventories amounted to €0.2 million in 2020 in comparison to €1.9 million in 2019 due to the lower level 
of impairments of real estate properties for trading in 2020. 
The Other income stood at €0.3 million in 2020 compared to €0.1 million in 2019 and comprised tax refunds relating to 
real estate sold, income obtained from real estate and other income. 
Other costs and losses, which includes costs related to maintenance, legalisation and sales promotion of real estate 
properties, amounted to €1.4 million in 2020 compared to €0.5 million in 2019. 
The operating profit in 2020 stood at negative €1.2 million, compared to negative €2.2 million recorded in 2019, mainly 
as a result of the lower level of inventories’ impairment recorded in the year.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR 
Portugal is a founding member of the Economic and Monetary European Union and adopted the single European 
currency, the euro, on 1 January 1999. To be part of such an important project and to become a Euro-zone member, 
Portugal had to implement convergence policies and a steady process of deregulation and liberalisation of the 
financial sector, which has resulted in important structural and operational changes in banking regulations in order 
to bring them into line with European Commission ("EC") legislative practice. 
Regulations governing financial institutions have undergone a series of amendments since 1992. In particular, the 
RGICSF, establishes the conditions for the access to the activity of credit institutions and financial companies. It 
largely reflects the European Union ("EU") Directives in this field, and covers the following aspects: authorisation 
and registration procedures; assessment of the suitability of qualifying shareholders; assessment of the suitability and 
professional qualifications of the members of the management and auditing boards; rules of conduct and relationship 
with clients; cooperation with other authorities; rules and prudential limits, including on capital buffer requirements; 
supervisory procedures; corrective measures, interim management and resolution; deposit guarantee; penalty 
framework. 
The RGICSF introduced a comprehensive regulatory framework into Portugal in line with EC directives, which 
adopted the "universal bank" model and included several regulatory measures such as: the prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms (Basel III); the strengthening of the "fit and proper evaluation" for 
members of corporate bodies and other relevant officials; the establishment of prudential and supervisory rules; the 
regulation for foreign banks operating in Portugal and Portuguese banks operating abroad; the restrictions in the 
social bodies' remuneration policy. 
The increasingly competitive environment gave rise to a number of acquisitions amongst Portuguese banks and the 
establishment of larger financial groups in Portugal, more cross-selling initiatives, and increased focus on the 
expansion of the market for personal loans, mortgages and credit cards in Portugal, more frequent advertising 
campaigns and competitive pricing strategies. 
On 30 July 2014, Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. ("BES") announced losses largely above the foreseeable values in the 
light of information disclosed by BES and its external auditor. The results disclosed on 30 July 2014 reflected the 
practice of management acts seriously detrimental to the interests of BES and the violation of determinations of 
Banco de Portugal that prohibited an increase in the exposure to other entities of the Grupo Espírito Santo.  
Against this background, problems arose regarding the continuity of BES activity. Considering the importance of 
BES in the Portuguese banking system and in the financing to the economy, these problems endangered the stability 
of the national payment and financial systems, which prompted an imperative and very urgent intervention by Banco 
de Portugal.  
The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. ("BES") 
The Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal decided on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to BES. The 
general activity and assets of BES were transferred, immediately and definitively, to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, 
S.A. ("Novo Banco"), which was specifically set up for this purpose with management appointed by Banco de 
Portugal, which was duly capitalised and held no problem assets. Deposits have been fully preserved, as well as all 
unsubordinated bonds. 
The contents of the contractual relationship with the customers remained unchanged. The branches of Novo Banco 
continued to operate as usual and the BES' employees became Novo Banco's employees, their rights being 
safeguarded. 
With the application of a resolution measure to BES a separation was made between: 
 
problem assets, which in essence corresponded to liabilities of other entities of the Grupo Espírito Santo and 
to shareholdings of Banco Espírito Santo Angola, S.A. whose losses were borne by the shareholders and 
subordinated creditors of BES; and

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
the remaining assets and liabilities, which were integrated in Novo Banco, a duly capitalised bank, and ensured 
full continuity of the institution's activity, with no impact on its customers, collaborators or suppliers. 
In line with the EC regulatory framework, the capitalisation of Novo Banco was ensured by the Resolution Fund, 
supported by the financial sector, and the losses related to problem assets were borne by shareholders and 
subordinated creditors of BES.  Novo Banco is subject to Banco de Portugal's supervision and is obliged to comply 
with all legal and regulatory rules applicable to Portuguese banks. 
The equity capital of Novo Banco, to the amount of €4.9 billion, was fully underwritten by the Resolution Fund. The 
Resolution Fund's sources of funding are the contributions paid by its member institutions and the proceeds from the 
levy over the banking sector, which, according to applicable regulations, are collected without jeopardising the 
solvency ratios. 
As the Resolution Fund started its operations in 2012 and did not have sufficient financial resources available to 
finance the resolution measure applied to BES, the Resolution Fund took out a loan from the Portuguese State in an 
amount of €3.9 billion and a loan from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund in an amount of €700 
million, both to be paid until December 2046. 
On 29 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal approved a number of decisions that completed 
the resolution measure applied to BES. Based on evidence that the economic and financial situation of Novo Banco 
had been negatively affected since the date of its setting-up by additional losses which were related to events 
predating the resolution date, Banco de Portugal decided to transfer the liability for certain non-subordinated bonds 
issued by the latter, and offered to institutional investors, back to BES. 
The nominal amount of the bonds retransferred to BES totalled €1,941 million and corresponded to a balance-sheet 
amount of €1,985 million. These bonds were originally issued by BES and were specifically placed with qualified 
investors, with a minimum denomination of €100,000. 
The original resolution decision expressly provided that Banco de Portugal, as the Resolution Authority, in use of its 
powers, could at any time re-transfer assets and liabilities between BES and Novo Banco. In accordance with Banco 
de Portugal, this measure was necessary to ensure that, as stipulated in the resolution regime, the losses of BES were 
absorbed by this institution's shareholders and creditors and not by the resolution fund or the taxpayers, protecting 
all depositors of Novo Banco, the creditors for services provided and other categories of unsecured creditors.  
In addition to the measure mentioned above, Banco de Portugal made a final adjustment to the perimeter of the assets, 
liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novo Banco, namely including (i) 
clarification that no liabilities have been transferred to Novo Banco that were contingent or unknown on the date the 
resolution measure was applied to BES; (ii) retransfer to BES of the shareholding in BES Finance, which was 
necessary to ensure full compliance with and application of the resolution measure as regards the non-transfer to 
Novo Banco of subordinated debt instruments issued by BES; (iii) clarification that it was the Resolution Fund's 
responsibility, upon the fulfilment of certain conditions, to make neutral for Novo Banco – through an appropriate 
measure – potential negative effects of future decisions, resulting from the resolution process and giving rise to 
liabilities or contingencies.  
These decisions were the final and definitive adjustment of the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet 
items and assets under management transferred to Novo Banco, which was deemed definitively fixed. As a 
consequence, Banco de Portugal asked the European Central Bank to withdraw the authorisation of BES, starting the 
judicial liquidation proceedings. 
These developments, as well as the agreement with the European Commission on the commitments to be applied to 
Novo Banco, removed uncertainties and made a positive contribution to the relaunch of the sale process of the 
Resolution Fund's participation in the share capital of Novo Banco in January 2016. 
On 20 February 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that it had selected Lone Star for the final stage of exclusive 
negotiations with a view to agreeing the final terms and conditions for the sale of Novo Banco. Banco de Portugal 
then conducted the second sale process of Novo Banco after the application of the resolution measure to BES in

--- Page 144 ---
144 
August 2014. On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that a share purchase and subscription agreement 
relating to the share capital of Novo Banco was entered into between the Resolution Fund and Lone Star Fund, which 
was pending the completion of the compliance with several conditions precedent.  
The sale process of Novo Banco was concluded on 18 October 2017 with an injection by the new shareholder 
(investment funds managed by North-American group Lone Star) of €750 million and €250 million, carried out in 
October and December, respectively. The conclusion of this operation brought to a close a complex negotiation 
process with the new shareholder, European institutions and other domestic institutions, in close cooperation with 
the Portuguese Government. 
Since 18 October 2017 Novo Banco is held by Lone Star and the Resolution Fund, which hold 75 per cent. and 25 
per cent. of the share capital, respectively. Novo Banco ceased to be a transition bank and started to operate on a 
normal basis, although it is still subject to certain measures imposed by the European competition authority restricting 
its activity. 
Prior to the sale, Novo Banco undertook a Liability Management Exercise ("LME") on 36 bond series with a book 
value of approximately €3 billion. The operation was successful, having achieved the purchase and redemption of 
bonds representing 73 per cent. of their book value. 
In line with the conditions agreed in the sale process of Novo Banco, a Contingent Capital Agreement ("CCA") was 
set up, which will be managed by the Resolution Fund that retained a 25 per cent. stake in the capital of Novo Banco. 
This agreement is in force until 31 December 2025 (and may be extended until 31 December 2026) and is limited to 
an absolute maximum amount of €3,89 billion compensation for losses that may be recognised in some of Novo 
Banco's problematic assets, in case its capital ratios decrease below a predefined threshold. 
On 28 March 2018, Novo Banco announced the results for the year 2017, which resulted in the activation of the 
contingent capitalisation mechanism provided for in the agreements entered into in connection with the sale of Novo 
Banco. 
The amount to be paid by the Resolution Fund under the CCA shall be the lowest amount resulting from the 
comparison between the accumulated value of the losses on the assets that make up the CCA and the value of the 
insufficiency of capital of Novo Banco compared to the agreed levels. 
The Resolution Fund payments are settled after the legal certification of Novo Banco's accounts and after a 
verification procedure to be carried out by an independent entity, to confirm that the amount payable by the 
Resolution Fund has been correctly determined. 
The Resolution Fund made a payment of about €792 million in 2018, €1,149 million in 2019 and €1,035 million in 
May 2020. 
To this end, the Resolution Fund used its own resources (resulting from contributions due, directly and indirectly, by 
the banking sector) and also resorted to a loan from the State, amounting to €850 million in 2019 and 2020 (€450 
million in 2018), which corresponds to the annual maximum amount agreed between the Resolution Fund and the 
State in October 2017. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Resolution Fund has already paid to Novo Banco 77 per cent. of the CCA 
amount in the first 3 years of the 8 years foreseen for the term of the CCA. 
In the 2020 Results presentation, Novo Banco announced that in 2020 it expects request for compensation to amount 
to €598.3 million under the CCA as a result of the losses on the protected assets portfolio and the regulatory capital 
requirements. 
To date, the Resolution Fund has disbursed a total of €7,876 million for financial support to the resolution measure 
applied to BES, of which €4,900 million corresponding to the Novo Banco's capital subscription in August 2014, 
€792 million, €1,149 million and €1,035 million to the 2018, 2019 and 2020 payments under the CCA.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
The resolution measure applied to Banif 
In January 2013 Banif was recapitalised by the Portuguese State in the amount of €1,100 million (€700 million under 
the form of special shares and €400 million in hybrid instruments). The recapitalisation plan also included a capital 
increase by private investors in the amount of €450 million, which was concluded in June 2014. Since then, Banif 
reimbursed the State with €275 million of hybrid instruments, but was not able to reimburse the €125 million tranche 
that matured in December 2014. 
The public recapitalisation had been approved by the European Commission (DG-COMP), with final approval being 
subject to the presentation of a Restructuring Plan for Banif. Between April 2013 and October 2014, Banif submitted 
to DG-COMP several versions of the Restructuring Plan. However, none of the submitted versions was approved 
and on 24 July 2015, DG-COMP communicated its decision to open an in-depth investigation process on the potential 
State aid to Banif. 
In the period following the recapitalisation of Banif with public funds, Banco de Portugal, as the prudential 
supervisory authority (a competence that since November 2014 has been exercised by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism) monitored the institution very closely. 
In that period, there were several deviations from the assumptions considered in Banif's Recapitalisation Plan. In 
terms of positive deviations, there was a reduction in structure costs and, until the end of 2014, an improvement in 
the liquidity position with the diversification of funding sources and the stability of the depositors' base. However, 
the absence of an approved restructuring plan, worsened by a less favourable economic environment, led to 
significant negative deviations of Banif's results from the projected amounts. In spite of these difficulties, Banif 
always maintained its prudential ratios above the legal thresholds. 
In the wake of the in-depth investigation procedure opened by the European Commission on the State aid received 
by Banif, and considering the possibility that this aid could be considered illegal and therefore its reimbursement 
would be required, the shareholders and members of the Board of Directors of Banif started the process for the sale 
of the institution. 
On 19 December 2015, the Ministry of Finance informed Banco de Portugal that it had not been possible to sell 
Banif's assets and liabilities through a voluntary sale process, since all the proposals submitted by potential buyers 
implied additional State aid. This determined that the sale would have to be made in the context of a resolution. 
Taking into consideration (i) the consequences of the possibility that the State aid provided to Banif could be declared 
illegal by the European Commission, which would create a very serious capital shortage; (ii) the position of the 
European bodies that the sale of Banif with recourse to State aid would only be viable in the context of a resolution; 
(iii) the impact of frustrated expectations related to the voluntary sale on Banif's liquidity situation and the resulting 
risks for the maintenance of its regular payment flows and for meeting its obligations towards the customers, the 
national authorities have decided to sell Banif to Banco Santander Totta for the amount of €150 million, in the 
framework of a resolution tool. 
On 20 December 2015, Banco de Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which notably resulted in the 
acquisition by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. of a set of rights and obligations, that constituted assets, liabilities, off 
balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif, in the amount of €150 million, as listed in the 
resolution passed by Banco de Portugal in that respect. Accordingly, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to 
Banco Santander Totta, except for the assets transferred to an asset management vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the 
context of the application by Banco de Portugal of the aforementioned resolution measure. This operation involved 
an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future contingencies, of which €489 million are supported by 
the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State (the "2015 
Portuguese State Loan") and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the definition of the 
assets, liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif perimeter agreed by and between 
the Portuguese and European authorities and Banco Santander Totta, S.A. to be sold in this context. The current 
outstanding principal amount of the 2015 Portuguese State Loan is €353 million.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
According to this decision, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, with the exception 
of problematic assets which were transferred to an asset management vehicle. Banif maintained a very limited set of 
assets to be wound up in the future, as well as the shareholders' positions, subordinated credit and related entities. 
The Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking system, and thus the outcome of any disposals to be made 
by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will ultimately be borne by the institutions which are required to fund the 
Resolution Fund, including the Issuer. 
Key indicators 
The profitability of the banking system in the first half of 2020 decreased to close to zero, reflecting the economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and remaining in line with the euro area average. The increase in loan impairment 
losses and the reduction in income from financial operations largely contributed to these developments. 
In the first half of 2020, the Portuguese banking system's return on assets ("ROA") decreased by 0.48 p.p., to 0.08 
per cent. in annualised terms, but dispersion between institutions increased. The institutions with a negative ROA 
accounted for 18 per cent. of the banking system's assets, compared to 12 per cent. in the same period of the previous 
year. 
The deterioration in profitability resulted mainly from the increase in net provisions and impairments, which 
contributed -0.32 p.p. to changes in ROA. The cost of credit risk increased to 0.93 per cent. in the first half of 2020, 
more than twice the amount compared to the same period in 2019 and below the figures recorded during the sovereign 
debt crisis (1.5 per cent. to 2 per cent.). 
Recurring operating income, which includes the most stable components of income (net interest income and net 
fees), decreased by 0.07 p.p. of average assets to 0.88 per cent. Changes in income from financial operations had a 
negative impact of 0.16 p.p. in ROA, standing at -0.05 per cent. of average assets in the first half of 2020, mainly 
reflecting the reassessment of exposures to restructuring funds by some institutions, which resulted in an increase in 
the negative results in capital-based instruments, and the decrease of income from operations with debt securities to 
0.11 per cent. of average assets (0.22 per cent. in the same period of the previous year). 
Net interest income decreased by 3.4 per cent in the first half of 2020, negatively contributing with 0.05 p.p. to 
changes in ROA, due to a decrease in interest paid that was higher than the decrease in interest received. Interest 
income decreased more significantly in loans granted to households and NFCs and in sovereign debt securities. The 
volume effect (changes in interest-bearing assets or liabilities) was positive, albeit low. Cash balances in central 
banks increased by 89 per cent., contributing with 0.01 p.p. to the decrease in net interest income as a percentage of 
average assets. 
Net fees decreased by 5.6 per cent. year on year, contributing with -0.04 p.p. to changes in ROA, reflecting the lower 
volume of transactions and the reduction in financial intermediation in some segments. 
Operating costs decreased 3.3 per cent year on year, due to reductions in staff costs by 5.0 per cent. and other 
administrative expenses by 3.3 per cent. The total operating income posted a sharper decrease (9.6 per cent.). Thus, 
the cost-to-income ratio rose by 4.0 p.p. year on year, to 61.2 per cent. Despite the cost structure adjustment seen up 
to 2019, the cost-to-income ratio is about 7 p.p. above that recorded in the period prior to the 2007 international 
financial crisis. The cost-to-core-income ratio excluding the most volatile income components, mainly income from 
financial operations and other operating results, increased by 0.5 p.p., to 60.6 per cent. 
In the first half of 2020, the NPL ratio decreased by 0.6 p.p., to 5.5 per cent. Institutions with a higher NPL ratio 
showed a higher reduction than the remainder. NPL ratios of NFCs and households for housing decreased by 1.2 and 
0.2 p.p., respectively, to 11.1 per cent. and 2.2 per cent. However, the NPL ratio of households for loans for 
consumption and other purposes increased by 0.4 p.p., as a result of a 3.7 per cent. increase in NPL. Note that the 
portfolio of loans for consumption and other purposes weighs less in the balance sheet of the system than the rest, 
accounting for 7.6 per cent. of assets in June 2020. 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the materialisation of the unfavourable macroeconomic outlook in the 
coming years is likely to negatively affect the capacity of the non-financial private sector to service debt, namely, in

--- Page 147 ---
147 
the case of companies, in some sectors particularly vulnerable to the current context, leading to a deterioration in 
loan quality and a consequent increase in delinquencies. The current economic and financial context points to the 
interruption of the downward trend in non-performing loans seen in the most recent years, and the conditions for the 
decrease in this stock are expected to become less favourable or even to disappear. 
In June 2020, the NPL net impairment ratio stood at 2.6 per cent., -0.4 p.p. from December 2019. The reduction in 
the NPL ratio and the increase in impairment coverage contributed with 0.3 p.p. and 0.1 p.p. respectively to the 
decrease in the ratio. This reduction is broadly based across the NFC and household segments. Although the NPL 
ratio has increased in the household segment for consumption and other purposes, the increase in impairment 
coverage more than offset the NPL increase. 
The reduction in the NPL ratio in the first half of the year was due, in similar magnitudes, to the NPL decrease and 
the increase in performing loans. NPL sales and write-offs contributed with 0.2 and 0.1 p.p. respectively to the 
reduction of the ratio. The NPL sales occurred before the effects of the pandemic in Portugal had begun to be 
recorded. Institutions will have to adapt to more demanding NPL sales market conditions, reflecting the effect of the 
pandemic crisis on the value of assets and recovery processes. Growth in performing loans was 6.1 per cent., with a 
4 p.p. contribution by the increase in cash balances at central banks. This increase cannot be dissociated from the 
increase in funding from the Eurosystem at the end of the half-year period. In addition, the portfolio of performing 
loans to NFCs increased by 5 per cent., contributing with 1.6 p.p. to the total. 
In the first half of 2020, there was no significant deterioration in the system’s portfolio quality. The structure of the 
portfolio of loans per impairment stage remained stable. In June 2020, loans in stages 1, 2 and 3 accounted for 85.1 
per cent., 8.8 per cent. and 6.1 per cent. of the total respectively. This benefits from the policy measures taken by 
national and European authorities, which mitigated the liquidity shock in NFCs and households. Other measures, 
such as the ECB/SSM-issued guidance to avoid excessive procyclicality of IFRS9 implementation, were probably 
also important to maintaining the observed stability. 
The exposure to sovereign debt remained at high levels in the first half of 2020, increasing by 13 per cent. in 
comparison to 2019, reflecting the abundant liquidity in the banking sector, and continued to be dominated by 
Portuguese public debt (8.4 per cent. of the assets, an increase of 0.4 p.p. when compared to 2019) and Spanish public 
debt (3.0 per cent. of the assets, an increase of 0.5 p.p. when compared to 2019). Exposure to government debt 
securities has increased significantly over the last decade and in 2019 was about five times higher than in 2007. At 
the end of the first half of 2019, public debt securities accounted for 16.6 per cent of assets, i.e. 13.4 p.p. more than 
in 2006. 
As a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain measures were introduced, such as the moratorium on interest 
and/or principal and interest payments and state-guaranteed credit lines. In September 2020, 32 per cent. of loans to 
NFCs and 17 per cent. of loans to households were covered by a moratorium. The state guarantee covered about 15 
per cent. of loans to NFCs (of which about one-third of loans were granted before the pandemic began). In September 
2020, considering only loans with a moratorium for the seven major banking groups, the share classified as stage 2 
was higher than the total portfolio, both for NFCs (an increase of 8.0 p.p.) and for households (an increase of 4.9 
p.p.). 
Despite the total reduction in NPLs, forborne loans increased by 2.1 per cent. in the first half of 2020, by 1 per cent. 
for NFCs and by 5 per cent. for households. The increase in forborne loans was due to growth in the component of 
performing forborne loans, mainly due to changes in terms and conditions. However, non-performing forborne loans 
have decreased.  
Performing loans past due between 30 to 90 days also increased by 44 per cent. (an increase of €514 million). This 
growth occurred both in loans to NFCs and households.  
Impairment coverage of loans to NFCs and households increased in the performing and non-performing components. 
This reflects the increase in performing loans more than 30 days past due (part of which, at least, may have passed 
from stage 1 to stage 2) and earlier credit risk materialisation in future periods.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
State-guaranteed credit lines, operated through the banking system, have mitigated the shock in liquidity associated 
with the pandemic and ensured lower interest rates and longer maturities. The NFCs from the most affected sectors 
were the main beneficiaries of these credit lines, thus showing higher growth in credit. Between March and 
September 2020, new loans to NFCs increased by 15 per cent. year on year and by 82 per cent. considering only the 
second quarter. Between March and September, about 39 per cent. of the new loans to NFCs were state-guaranteed 
loans, with this share being 59 per cent. for the most affected sectors of activity.  
State-guaranteed loans have increased the downward trend in the interest rate on new loans to NFCs, which reached 
a minimum of 1.6 per cent. in May 2020. Despite the legal restriction to the maximum spread of state-guaranteed 
credit lines, the low interest rate is consistent with the lower risk incurred by the institutions. Although the probability 
of default has increased due to deterioration in economic activity, loss given default is lower due to the guarantee. 
The stock of loans to households for purchase of homes has increased since December 2019, after several years of 
decline. In the first nine months of the year, new loans for purchase of homes increased by 6.9 per cent. year on year. 
In the same period, repayments decreased by 14.8 per cent. partly due to credit moratoria. For the consumer credit 
segment, the annual rate of change has been decreasing since the beginning of the year. The decline recorded in new 
lending operations reached 22 per cent. year on year and the consumer credit repayments decreased by 4 per cent., 
which may be associated with the moratorium on interest and principal. In the first nine months of 2020, there was 
greater competition between institutions with regard to loans for house purchase and car loans compared to personal 
loans. In these segments, more than 70 per cent. of total early repayments are associated with a new lending operation 
in an institution rather than that of the repaid loan. 
As a result of its activity, the banking system is exposed to real estate directly and indirectly. Direct exposure arises 
from holding properties on the balance sheet due to the receipt of collateral associated with loans in default. Indirect 
exposure results from: (i) loans granted guaranteed by real estate, (ii) loans granted to non-financial entities whose 
economic activity is associated with real estate, such as the construction sectors or real estate activities, (iii) loans or 
units held in relation to real estate investment funds. Exposure to real estate increases the sensitivity of the banking 
system to changes in property prices. In the current context of a pandemic crisis, this is particularly relevant in view 
of possible reductions in property prices related, inter alia, to the decline in tourism activity. Between 2011 and 2016 
there was a significant increase in exposure to the real estate market, reaching the highest value in 2016 (around 40 
per cent. of assets) but since then there has been a reduction in this exposure being the downward path of the banking 
sector’s share of the exposure to the real estate market maintained in the first half of 2020, accounting for 35.6 per 
cent. of assets (a decrease of 2.1 p.p. from December 2019). 
The changes observed in the financing structure of the Portuguese banking system over the past decade reflect greater 
recourse to more stable financing sources and, therefore, less likely to be impacted by abrupt changes in the risk 
perception of international investors. At the same time, there was a substantial increase in highly liquid assets on the 
banks' balance sheets, which also contributed to the banking system presenting a more robust liquidity position at 
the end of the first half of 2020 compared to the period preceding the 2008 financial crisis. 
The funding obtained from central banks reached 7.7 per cent. of assets in June 2020, increasing 3.2 p.p. from 
December 2019. This trend cut across both the Portuguese and European banking systems. As observed after the 
international financial crisis, the share of this source of funding tends to increase in times of greater adversity. 
The ratio of loans to customers net of impairment to customer deposits, the loan-to-deposit ratio, decreased by 2.4 
p.p., to 84.6 per cent., reflecting an increase in deposits by NFCs and households (4.4 per cent.). This low loan-to-
deposit ratio, which is below the average of euro area banking systems, is representative of a position of high 
structural liquidity across the banking system. At the same time, the financing structure reflects greater use of funding 
sources that are less sensitive to changes in risk perception, such as customer deposits, accounting for 67.5 per cent. 
of assets. In contrast, liabilities represented by securities account for 3.6 per cent. of assets. 
The lower share of market funding in the Portuguese banking sector is expected to continue in the near future. The 
requirements for market issuance of instruments eligible for compliance with MREL requirements have been 
postponed. Intermediate targets have been set from January 2022 onwards, with a transition period ending in January

--- Page 149 ---
149 
2024. Nevertheless, if the timing for normalising the loans granted by central and market banks is not the same, this 
may pose future challenges to sector financing. 
In June 2020, the Portuguese banking system maintained its trajectory of strengthening capital ratios, with the total 
capital ratio reaching 17.2 per cent, 0.3 p.p. higher than at the end of 2019. In the same period, the CET1 rose from 
14.3 per cent. to 14.6 per cent. This was mainly due to the decrease in risk weighted assets and to a lesser extent to 
the increase in CET 1 capital (mainly driven by retained earnings). 
In June 2020, the prudential leverage ratio, measured as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to total exposure, stood at 7.6 per 
cent., decreasing by 0.4 p.p. compared to December 2019. This decrease reflected a greater increase in the total 
exposure of the banking system in light of the increase in Tier 1 capital.  
Banking regulation in Portugal 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to extensive 
regulation by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and the European 
Banking Authority ("EBA"), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and provisioning, as well as extensive 
regulation by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the "CMVM"). 
The Portuguese financial industry has been reacting to a steady stream of changes in the regulatory and legal 
framework since the early 1980s. Portugal implemented legislation bringing Portuguese banking regulations in line 
with EU legislative practice. In particular, the RGICSF made a noticeable impact on the Portuguese financial sector 
by introducing a comprehensive regulatory framework in Portugal in line with EU Directives, abolishing the 
distinction between investment and commercial banks, establishing prudential and supervisory rules, revising the 
regulation of foreign banks operating in Portugal and Portuguese banks operating abroad and creating a deposit 
guarantee fund in order to protect depositors. 
In 2013, the European authorities approved a new legislative package to strengthen the regulation of the banking 
sector and to implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, replacing the former Capital 
Requirements Directives (2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC): (i) Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, of 26 June, establishing new and detailed prudential requirements that institutions need to comply with 
(the Capital Requirements Regulation or "CRR") and (ii) Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, of 27 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the Capital Requirements Directive IV or "CRD IV"). The package entered into force on 1 January 2014 
but the full application of the new Basel III regulations is being gradually introduced, with this process usually being 
referred to as "phasing-in". The full assumption of the new regulations, without considering transitional plans, is 
referred to as "full implementation". The "phasing-in" process is currently in force, and it is on this basis that Banco 
de Portugal defines and requires the regulatory minimum ratios to be complied with. 
To ensure a smooth transition to the new Basel III rules, instruments that do not meet the new rules are phased out 
over a 10-year period, provided they were issued prior to 12 September 2010. The CRR set the cut-off date at 31 
December 2011 (except for instruments used for the recapitalisation of banks by Member States, where special rules 
apply). Under Basel III, capital instruments that do not meet the stricter eligibility criteria will be phased out over an 
eight-year period (starting in 2014). 
By 31 December 2013, EU member states were required to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions necessary to comply with CRD IV. The provisions of the CRD IV have already been implemented in 
Portugal. 
The CRR includes provisions regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity 
ratios. 
With reference to liquidity risks, the Basel III recommendations transposed into CRD IV imply the implementation 
of the liquidity coverage ratios known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") (short-term ratio in a severe stress 
scenario) and Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") (medium-term).

--- Page 150 ---
150 
The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a severe 
stress scenario. The LCR was introduced gradually starting from October 2015 with a minimum level of 60 per cent. 
and was fully implemented in January 2018 comprising the minimum required ratio of 100 per cent., one year earlier 
than the Basel Committee had recommended. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's LCR was 200.7 per cent. (179.9 
per cent. as at 31 December 2019), above the 100 per cent. minimum regulatory requirement in force since 1 January 
2018.  
The NSFR, which was to be implemented in 2018 but was delayed until June 2021, will seek to establish a minimum 
acceptable amount of stable funding based on the liquidity characteristics of an institution's assets and activities over 
one year period. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's NSFR stood at 109.8 per cent. (105.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019), above the 100 per cent. minimum regulatory requirement that will be in force. 
Banks' strategies had to change with respect to liquidity compliance and a more sustainable balance sheet. In order 
to meet the requirements, some adjustments have been made or are in progress; liquidity regulation ensures banks 
maintain a certain level of highly liquid assets, which may imply lower profitability. At the same time, financing 
costs may increase since long-term financing is favoured in relation to short-term financing.  
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal may change, whether as a result of further changes to the CRD 
IV/CRR agreed by EU legislators, or binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by the EBA, or changes 
to the way in which these requirements apply to Portuguese banks. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission 
presented a proposal with a comprehensive package of reforms to further strengthen the resilience of EU banks. 
These proposals aimed to complete the reform of the financial regulatory system, to bring back financial stability 
and market confidence by implementing some outstanding elements, which are essential to further reinforce banks' 
ability to withstand potential shocks. The proposals also fine-tune the new regulatory framework, where necessary, 
to make it more growth-friendly and proportionate to banks' complexity, size and business profile. It also included 
measures that will support SMEs and investment in infrastructure. 
This proposal amended the following pieces of legislation: 
a) the CRR and the CRD IV, adopted in 2013 and which set out prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms, and rules on governance and supervision; and 
b) the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
("SRM Regulation"), adopted in 2014 and which spell out the rules on the recovery and resolution of failing 
institutions, and establish the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The proposal also included phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the ongoing 
interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework, including potential changes to relevant accounting standards, 
which may in turn result in changes to the methodologies which the Issuer is required to adopt for the valuation of 
financial instruments. The adoption of IFRS 9 requires an increase in the level of impairments and changes in the 
fair value of financial instruments which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition, 
operating results and, if such changes are significant, also on its prospects. 
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the EU agreed to such proposal and asked the presidency to start negotiations with 
the European Parliament. The European Parliament confirmed its position on the proposal at its June 2018 plenary. 
The European Parliament and Council of the EU reached agreement on the main elements of the EU Banking 
Reforms in late 2018, which were endorsed by the Committee of Permanent Representatives (''COREPER'') on 30 
November 2018 and approved by the Economic and Financial Affairs Council on 4 December 2018. In February 
2019, COREPER endorsed the positions agreed with the European Parliament on all elements of the EU Banking 
Reforms. The agreed text was adopted by the European Parliament on 16 April 2019. COREPER approved the EU 
Banking Reforms on 7 May 2019 and the Council of the EU formally approved the EU Banking Reforms on 14 May 
2019. 
The CRD-V package amendments contain three groups of provisions, covering capital and liquidity requirements, 
aspects of proportionality, and the EU's resolution framework.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
The European Parliament, the Council and the EC agreed in October 2017 on some elements of the review of the 
CRD-V package, namely creation of a new category of unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency ranking, on the 
implementation of the IFRS 9 and on rules limiting large exposures to a single counterparty. On 1 January 2018, 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 December 2017, entered into force, 
amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on 
own funds and for the large exposures treatment of certain public sector exposures denominated in the domestic 
currency of any Member State. 
On 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU, the following were published: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"); and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II"); 
both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or before 28 
December 2020 and SRMR II shall apply from 28 December 2020. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements ("CRR II"); and 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V"). 
Regarding capital ratios, according to the CRR and Banco de Portugal Regulations, banks are subject to a minimum 
compliance of 4.5 per cent. (Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), of 6 per cent. (Tier 1) and of 8 per cent. (Total Capital 
Ratio) with gradually increasing buffers until 1 January 2021. 
The CRD IV included general rules and supervision powers, wages, governance and disclosure requirements, as well 
as an introduction of five additional capital buffers: 
 
A capital conservation buffer 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 Capital; 
 
A countercyclical capital buffer between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 
Capital, pursuant to the conditions to be established by the competent authorities; 
 
A macro prudential systemic risk buffer of up to 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, depending on the 
economic outlook, to address systemic risks of a long-term, non-cyclical nature that are not covered by the 
CRR; and 
 
A systemic institutions risk buffer: i) applicable to the institutions with a global systemic importance: 
between 1 and 3.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets; and ii) applicable to Other Systemically Important 
Institutions ("O-SII"): between 0 and 2 per cent. of risk-weighted assets. These buffers shall consist of 
CET1 Capital. 
These buffers, apart from the macro prudential systemic risk buffer, have been gradually applied since 2016. 
As regards Portuguese banks, Banco de Portugal decided that the capital conservation buffer would be phased-in. In 
September 2015, Banco de Portugal determined a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. (Regulatory Notice (Aviso) 
1/2015) to be applied from January 2016. On 31 May 2016, Banco de Portugal issued Notice 6/2016 revoking Notice 
1/2015, which determined the conservation buffer to be 0.625 per cent. in 2016, with an increase of 0.625 per cent.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
per year until 2019. As of January 2017, the buffer was set at 1.25 per cent., as of 1 January 2018 it was set at 1.875 
per cent., and as of 1 January 2019 at 2.5 per cent. 
Banco de Portugal has also decided to set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk-weighted 
assets. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit institutions 
and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of Banco de Portugal or the ECB, as applicable. Banco 
de Portugal will review this decision on a quarterly basis. At its most recent revision, on 23 March 2021, Banco de 
Portugal determined a countercyclical capital buffer rate of 0 per cent. to be in force as from 1 April 2021.  
On 29 July 2016, and as subsequently confirmed on 30 November 2016, Banco de Portugal, after having duly notified 
the ECB and after having consulted the National Council of Financial Supervisors, decided to apply a two-year 
phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer published on 29 December 2015 to the identified Portuguese O-SIIs. The timeline 
for the phase-in of the O-SII buffer was 50 per cent. as at 1 January 2018 and 100 per cent. as at 1 January 2019. The 
application of a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer had the main purpose of ensuring a level playing field 
in terms of the decisions on the O-SII buffer between Portuguese institutions and their European peers operating in 
similar macroeconomic environments. 
In a press release dated 30 November 2018, Banco de Portugal announced the annual revision of the identification 
of O-SIIs and the imposition of capital buffers, pursuant to Article 138-R (2) of the RGICSF and in the exercise of 
Banco de Portugal's powers as national macro prudential authority. For this purpose, Banco de Portugal notified the 
European Central Bank, in accordance with Article 5 of Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, of 15 October 
2013, which did not object to the draft decision, and consulted with the National Council of Financial Supervisors, 
under Article 2 (3) (c) of Decree-Law no. 143/2013, of 18 October 2013. Banco de Portugal kept both the 
methodology and the O-SII capital buffer levels unchanged, but decided to extend the phase-in period – the initial 
two-year period was converted into a four-year period – taking into consideration the challenges facing the 
Portuguese banking system, in a context where interest rates remained very low. 
As set out in the legal and regulatory provisions, Banco de Portugal published the table with the names of the banking 
groups identified as O-SIIs in 2018 and the respective capital buffers as a percentage of the total risk exposure 
amount. The Issuer has been classified as an O-SII and the buffers shall consist of CET1 on a consolidated basis and 
shall be met as follows: 25 per cent. on 1 January 2018, 50 per cent. on 1 January 2019, 75 per cent. on 1 January 
2020 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 2021. The O-SII buffer identified for the Issuer was 0.0625 per cent. as at 1 
January 2018, 0.125 per cent. as at 1 January 2019, 0.1875 per cent. as at 1 January 2020 and 0.250 per cent. as at 1 
January 2021. 
On 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published a press release on the decision to postpone the phase-in period of the 
capital buffer for O-SII, the category on which the Issuer falls. As part of the COVID-19 related measures, Banco de 
Portugal has decided to postpone the phase-in period of the O-SII buffer by 1 year. As such, the compliance with the 
O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 January 2021 was postponed to 1 January 2022; as a 
consequence, the current requirements for Banco Montepio are: 0.1875 per cent. from January 2020 and 0.25 per 
cent. from January 2022 onwards. These buffers will be revised annually or if a significant restructuring process 
occurs, such as a merger or acquisition. The date for next revision is tentatively scheduled for 30 November 2021. 
Banco de Portugal takes pre-emptive regulatory and supervisory measures in order to prevent risks and maintain the 
good solvency of the Portuguese banks. On an annual basis, Banco de Portugal assesses whether there is a need to 
require institutions to hold own funds in excess of the legally established minimum requirements and to comply with 
specific liquidity requirements and other measures it lays down. This assessment is done under the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), which comprises a set of procedures carried out by the supervisory 
authorities to ensure each credit institution has in place the strategies, processes, capital and liquidity that are 
appropriate to the risks to which it is or might be exposed to. This process implements Basel Pillar 2 in European 
and national legislation. 
The SREP also assesses the risk each institution poses to the financial system. This process therefore makes it possible 
to determine capital and liquidity requirements and other supervisory measures to address the specific weaknesses

--- Page 153 ---
153 
of each institution. This methodology provides for a holistic and forward-looking assessment of the viability of the 
supervised institution. The SREP is conducted in a proportional manner, both to significant institutions and less 
significant institutions ("LSIs"). The frequency and intensity of the SREP assessment takes into account the potential 
impact each institution may have on the financial system and its specific risk profile. 
The deepening of supervision by Banco de Portugal, following the financial and economic crisis, has resulted in a 
broadening of the areas covered as well as in a greater frequency of prudential reporting obligations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio's minimum capital ratio requirements under Pillar 1, on a 
consolidated basis, are: 4.5 per cent. for CET1, 6.0 per cent. for Tier 1 and 8.0 per cent. for Total Capital. Under the 
SREP, Banco de Portugal determined for Banco Montepio an additional 3.25 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement to be met 
from 1 July 2019 onwards, on a consolidated basis. Including the applicable buffers, as of 1 January 2020 Banco 
Montepio was required to comply with the capital ratio requirements (on a consolidated and phasing-in basis) of 
9.016 per cent. for CET1, 11.125 per cent. for Tier 1 and 13.938 per cent. for Total Capital. As of 31 December 2020 
the Common equity tier 1 and the Tier 1 capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above the prudential levels 
(including the combined buffer requirements) required by Banco de Portugal, as the authority responsible for Banco 
Montepio's supervision on a consolidated basis in the context of the SREP, whereas the Total capital ratio reported 
by Banco Montepio was above the required prudential levels taking into consideration the temporary capital relief 
measures. As of 31 December 2020, the Total Capital ratio of the Issuer, on a consolidated and phasing-in basis was 
13.8 per cent. (13.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and the CET1 ratio was 11.6 per cent. (12.4 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019). Considering the full implementation of CRD IV/CRR, as of 31 December 2020, the Total Capital 
ratio was 12.3 per cent. (12.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and CET1 was 10.1 per cent. (11.2 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019). 
IFRS 9 entered into force on 1 January 2018, introducing significant changes in the classification of financial assets 
and in the recording of impairment. IFRS 9 is divided into three pillars: Classification and measurement; Impairment 
and Hedge accounting. It is in the Impairment pillar that the most relevant impacts are observed given that IFRS 9 
establishes a new asset impairment model based on expected credit losses (ECL), which considers the expected losses 
throughout the life of financial instruments, replacing the International Accounting Standard 39 – Financial 
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement ("IAS 39") "incurred loss" model.  
Macroeconomic factors are considered when determining the ECL, whose changes have impact in expected losses. 
Instruments that are subject to impairment calculations are divided in three stages considering its credit risk level, as 
follows: 
(i) 
Stage 1: financial assets with no significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition and which are 
not in default; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses resulting from default events that 
may occur within 12 months after the reporting date; 
(ii) Stage 2: financial assets with a significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition, however without 
any clear evidence of impairment; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses resulting 
from default events that may occur over the expected residual life of the instrument; 
(iii) Stage 3: financial assets in default with a clear evidence of impairment losses as a consequence of events 
that resulted in losses; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses over the expected residual 
life of the instrument. 
The expected credit losses (ECL) for homogeneous populations is given by the product of the probability of default 
(PD), the loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at the contract's effective interest 
rate until the reporting date.  
The main difference between impairment losses measured for financial assets classified in the stages refers to PD's 
time horizon:  
(i) 
12-month PD: the probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months (for contracts included in 
stage 1);

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(ii) Lifetime PD: it is the probability of a default occurring during the remaining life of the credit (include in 
stage 2). In such case, lifetime parameters are used and forward looking information is considered;  
(iii) PD=100 per cent. to all stage 3 contracts.  
In the group of individually significant customers, the exposures are subject to individual analysis. This analysis 
focuses on the credit quality of the debtor, as well as on the recovery expectations, taking into consideration the 
existing collateral as well as other relevant factors to assess the debtor credit quality. 
With the adoption of IFRS 9 and considering Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, Banco Montepio has chosen to apply the phasing-in prudential plan defined in the Regulation, on an ongoing 
basis, over a 5-year period. Therefore, in 2018, Banco Montepio recognised prudently 5 per cent. of the impact 
related to the IFRS 9 adoption, in 2019 15 per cent., in 2020 30 per cent. and in 2021 50 per cent. of such impact; in 
2022 and 2023 will recognize 75 per cent. and 100 per cent., respectively, of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, 
thereby completing the static phasing-in period of IFRS9. 
Since no specific tax treatment was established regarding the transition adjustment to IFRS 9, Banco Montepio 
considered the application of the Corporate Income Tax general rules. Any new transitional regime established for 
those purposes or different interpretation on the tax treatment of the adoption of IFRS 9 could result in a material 
adverse effect on the recovery of deferred taxes. 
Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees changes to the Portuguese Corporate Income Tax Code, namely to articles 
28-A and 28-C, in order to align the tax regime applicable to credit impairments registered by entities subject to the 
supervision of Banco de Portugal to the accounting and regulatory rules applicable. 
This regime is applicable to impairments regarding all types of credit risk and whether analysed on an individual or 
collective basis. However, it lists down specific exceptions to the deductibility of credit impairments, namely: 
 
on credits and other rights over individuals or entities that hold directly or indirectly over 10 per cent. of the 
financial institution's capital or over its governing body's members (with certain exceptions); and, 
 
on credits and other rights over entities whose capital is held directly or indirectly in more than 10 per cent. 
by the financial institution or over participated entities in which the financial institution is engaged in special 
relations with, provided they are given after the participation acquisition or verification of the condition that 
determines the special relation situation (with certain exceptions). 
In addition, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, also establishes that the new regime is applicable to impairment losses 
accounted on 1 January 2019 onwards, whereas regarding previously accounted impairment losses and yet not 
accepted for tax purposes, Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal remains applicable (without prejudice to the Special 
Regime of Deferred Tax Assets approved by Law no. 61/2014). 
Furthermore, a multi-year map of impairment losses for specific credit risk regarding credits analysed on an 
individual basis and for groups of credits analysed on a collective basis must now be included in the tax 
documentation file, which must contain accounting information and tax adjustments detailed by credit or group of 
credits: 
Additionally, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees an adaptation period of 5 tax years after 1 January 2019, 
under which the current regime is still applicable (i.e. Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal), unless communicated 
otherwise to the general director of the Portuguese Tax Authorities. Notwithstanding, financial institutions have to 
adopt this new regime from 2022 or 2023 onwards, as applicable, if on the 1st of January of those years they acquire 
own shares or distribute dividends to shareholders in respect of profits generated in those periods, except in cases 
where, as at 31 December of those years, the value of the deferred tax assets covered by special regime applicable to 
deferred tax assets has decreased by at least 10 per cent. or 20 per cent., respectively, compared to the amount 
accounted at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Banco Montepio has not opted for the application of the new tax regime on impairment, for which reason, for the 
current and deferred tax assessment as at 31 December 2019, it estimated its taxes based on the regime that was in 
force until 31 December 2018. 
In order to further integrate the European banking system and to promote financial stability in the Eurozone, an 
agreement was reached by the European Council to create the European Banking Union (the "EBU"). This new union 
provides for a new supervisory landscape and the deepening of the Economic and Monetary Union. It was agreed to 
establish three main building blocks of the EBU: a Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"), a Single Resolution 
Mechanism (the "SRM"), and a Single Deposit Guarantee System. 
Since November 2014 and in accordance with the SSM, the ECB is the central prudential supervisor of financial 
institutions in the euro area as a direct supervisor to the largest banks. National supervisors continue to monitor the 
remaining banks. The SRM was established in a bid to ensure taxpayer costs and damages to the real economy 
following bank failures are kept to a minimum. The SRM will apply to banks covered by the SSM and will allow 
bank resolutions to be managed effectively through a Single Resolution Fund and a Single Resolution Board. 
The RGICSF has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree Law no. 114-B/2014, 
of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directives 2014/49/EU of 16 April on 
deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation, subject to 
some exceptions, applied from 1 January 2016. The SRB has been fully operational since from January 2016. The 
BRRD has been implemented in Portugal pursuant to the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015 (the "BRRD Regulations"). 
The BRRD Regulations, other than regulations 79 to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 to 94 of 
the BRRD Regulations came into effect on 1 January 2016. The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that 
supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). The single resolution fund is financed by bank levies raised at the 
national level.  
The European Resolution Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as at 31 
December 2015 (namely the resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (BES) and the resolution 
measure applied to Banif). See further "The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (BES)" and 
"The resolution measure applied to Banif" above. 
The overarching goal of the new bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM package 
is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The new framework is intended to enable 
resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to the broader financial 
system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors. Among other provisions, the 
BRRD requires banks to produce a full recovery plan that sets out detailed measures to be taken in different scenarios 
when the viability of the institution is at risk. 
Banks subject to the BRRD may be required to contribute to ex ante funds and in particular to the European 
Resolution Fund. The periodic contributions of the participating institutions in the European Resolution Fund should 
be (i) distributed proportionally among participating institutions, according to the respective level of financial 
liabilities, excluding own funds and deducting deposits guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fundo de 
Garantia de Depósitos) (the "Reserve Base"), adjusted according to the institution's risk profile and considering the 
economic outlook as well as the contribution's impact on the institution; and (ii) determined by the application of a 
contributory rate (proposed by the European Resolution Fund and established by Banco de Portugal) to the Reserve 
Base. The Fund will be built up during its first eight years (2016-2023) and shall reach at least 1 per cent. of deposits 
guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Fund (approx. €55 billion in 2024). Where ex ante contributions are insufficient 
to cover the losses or costs incurred by use of the Fund, additional ex post contributions should be collected.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
The reorganisation regime previously in force that governed credit institutions was extensively reviewed and was 
replaced with a new approach by Banco de Portugal as regards intervention on credit institutions and investment 
firms in financial distress. The measures set out in the new regime aim at recovering or preparing the orderly winding-
up of credit institutions and certain financial companies in situations of financial distress. The new toolbox includes 
three stages of intervention by Banco de Portugal: preparatory and preventive measures, prior supervisory 
intervention, and instruments and powers of resolution. The implementation of these measures and the exercise of 
these powers will directly affect the rights of shareholders and creditors. 
Credit institutions are required to produce suitable recovery plans to resolve problems of liquidity, solvency, or 
overall exposure to risk, and to keep such plans up-to-date. To complement the resolution plans, Banco de Portugal 
has been given preventive powers, including the powers to limit or modify exposure to risk, require additional 
information, set restrictions or prohibitions on certain activities and changes to group structures. 
Within the scope of preventive interventions, Banco de Portugal has been given powers to prohibit the distribution 
of dividends to shareholders, to replace managers or directors, and to require credit institutions to transfer assets that 
constitute an excessive or undesirable risk to the soundness of the institution. These actions may have a direct effect 
on shareholders and the Issuer's expected returns and additional indirect impacts through changes to such institutions' 
business activities. 
Article 145-D of the RGICSF implemented Article 34 of the BRRD and determines as general principles applying 
to the resolution measures that (i) the shareholders of the institution bear losses with priority in relation to other 
creditors; (ii) creditors of the institution other than the shareholders under resolution bear losses in accordance with 
the order of priority of their claims; (iii) no shareholder or creditor of the institution shall, as a result of the resolution 
measures, bear losses higher than the ones that would arise should the institution be subject to liquidation; and (iv) 
the depositors shall not suffer losses in relation to deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
Further, pursuant to Article 145-E of the RGICSF, resolution measures may be applied if the following cumulative 
conditions are met: (a) a credit institution or an investment firm covered by the resolution regime has been declared 
by Banco de Portugal as being insolvent, or at a risk of becoming insolvent; (b) it is not foreseeable that the insolvency 
situation of such institution can be remedied through measures adopted by the institution, or by corrective 
intervention measures or other measures aimed at the conversion or reduction of own funds instruments; (c) the 
implementation of such measures is considered necessary and proportional for the pursuance of at least one of the 
following objectives: (i) ensure the continuity of essential financial services, (ii) prevent systemic risk, (iii) safeguard 
public funds and taxpayers' interests, (iv) safeguard depositors' confidence, (v) protection of other funds and assets 
held by institutions for the account of their clients; and (d) the winding up of the institution is not capable of achieving 
the goals described in (c) more effectively than the resolution measures. 
An institution is deemed to be failing, for the purposes of adoption of resolution measures, if one of the following 
situations occurs, or when sufficient reasons exist to suggest that they may occur in the short run: (i) the institution 
ceases to comply with the requirements for preserving the banking licence, including if it incurs losses capable of 
significantly absorbing its own funds; (ii) the institution's assets have become less than its liabilities; (iii) the 
institution is unable to meet its obligations; (iv) the institution is in need of extraordinary public funding, save when 
such assistance is aimed at preventing or containing a serious economic crisis and preserving financial stability, and 
fulfils certain other criteria (Article 145-E of the RGICSF). 
There are four types of resolution measures (Article 145-E of the RGICSF), namely: (i) the total or partial sale of the 
assets, liabilities, off-balance items and assets under management, as well as shares representing the share capital of 
the distressed financial institution to one or more financial institutions authorised to operate in the market; (ii) the 
creation of a bridge bank and the transfer of all or part of the assets and liabilities of the institution in financial distress 
to that bank; (iii) asset segregation tool, whereby all or part of the distressed institution's activity is transferred to an 
asset management vehicle; and (iv) bail-in through an internal recapitalisation of such institution. Along with these 
measures, by default the members of the institutions' corporate bodies and chartered accountant shall be replaced by 
members and a chartered accountant designated by Banco de Portugal.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
The powers granted to resolution authorities under the BRRD include (but are not limited to) the introduction of a 
statutory "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in power", which will give the relevant Portuguese 
resolution authority the power to cancel all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured 
liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims into another security, including 
ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any.  
The measures described above may be wholly or partially funded through the Resolution Fund, in accordance with 
the relevant provisions of the RGICSF. 
Within its powers as authority in charge of resolution measures, Banco de Portugal is also entitled to adopt, 
individually or jointly with the above mentioned resolution measures, other measures aimed at reducing or 
eliminating the insufficiency of own funds in the credit institution, including (a) reduction of its share capital 
(amortisation or reduction of nominal value of shares); (b) removal of nominal value of shares; (c) reduction of 
nominal value of credits attached to other financial instruments or contracts which are eligible for own funds purposes 
according to the legislation and regulation in force; and (d) increase of share capital via the conversion of credits 
referred to in (c) into share capital. In order to adopt the measures described in this paragraph, certain conditions 
must be met, as described in Article 145-I of the RGICSF. In its decision to adopt resolution measures, Banco de 
Portugal shall abide by the rules on creditors´ ranking set forth in the Portuguese Insolvency Code, thus not being 
allowed to affect a class of creditors which rank above another class that are not wholly or substantially affected. 
Furthermore, to the extent necessary to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal may 
exercise, inter alia, the following powers: (i) suspension of payment or delivery obligations of the institution under 
existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement rights benefiting holders of any security over assets of the 
institution; (iii) suspension of the rights to accelerate, terminate, or otherwise decide the termination under existing 
agreements; (iv) closing of agencies of the institution; (v) exercise of rights attached to shares and other instruments 
representing share capital of the affected institution; (vi) amendment of terms applicable to unsecured debt 
instruments and other eligible claims held vis-à-vis the institution, such as clauses on maturity dates and payable 
interest; (vii) liquidation and termination of financial agreements and derivative agreements; and (viii) suspension of 
the negotiation of a financial instrument (Article 145-AB of the RGICSF).  
Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund also have the right to recover their expenses resulting from the resolution 
measures through either a deduction of the consideration payable by any transferee in relation to the acquisition of 
the institution's assets, share capital or other instruments representative of debt or equity, from the institution itself, 
or from the profits generated by it or the vehicle managing its assets (a legal privilege is attached to the claim held 
by Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund). 
The Resolution Fund is a public-law legal person designed to provide financial support to the application of the 
resolution measures ordered by Banco de Portugal. It is fully funded by the financial sector through initial and 
periodical contributions from member institutions, including the Issuer, whose amount shall be fixed on an annual 
basis, as set out in Decree Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, as amended, and the revenue arising from the 
contribution over the banking sector. These institutions may also be requested to make extraordinary contributions, 
if necessary in connection with the adoption of any resolution measures. The financial assistance provided by the 
Resolution Fund may include, among others, the transfer of cash to the acquirer bank or to the bridge bank, the 
provision of guarantees, the granting of loans, and the paying-up of the capital stock of bridge banks. 
Banco de Portugal Notice (Aviso) 1/2013 (as amended) sets forth the methodology to calculate periodic contributions 
to the Resolution Fund. Such methodology consists of the application of a contribution rate to the end of month 
outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits already included in the Deposit Guarantee 
Fund. 
The rate to be applied is set by a regulatory instruction (Instrução) issued by Banco de Portugal. The rate was 0.02 
per cent. in 2016, 0.0291 per cent. in 2017, 0.0459 per cent. in 2018, 0.057 per cent. in 2019 and 0.060 per cent. in 
2020 and 2021, as defined in instruction 19/2015, instruction 21/2016, instruction 20/2017, instruction 32/2018, 
instruction 24/2019 and instruction 32/2020, respectively.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
In the year 2018, as a result of the transitional regime established in Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 of March, continued 
in force, in parallel, two contribution schemes for the Resolution Fund, in addition to the contribution scheme for the 
banking sector. On the one hand, the regime in force until the entry into force of said Law no. 23-A/2015 of March 
26, has been temporarily maintained, whose contributions are intended to ensure compliance with obligations 
previously assumed by the Resolution Fund (applying, in this case, with the necessary adaptations, the regime 
established in Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of February 19). On the other hand it is in force the system of contributions 
created by the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and settlement of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD), which 
is based on harmonised rules within the European Union and has been transposed in its principles and general rules 
by Law no. 23-A /2015 of March 26 (applying in this matter the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/63 
of 21 October 2014 - Delegated Regulation). The contributions collected under the combined terms of this scheme 
and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (SRM Regulation) 
to institutions covered by the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) are transferred to the Single Resolution Fund 
(SRF) on the basis of the Agreement on Transfer and Mutual Contributions to the SRF (Intergovernmental 
Agreement), signed in Brussels on 21 May 2014 and approved by Assembly Resolution no. 129/2015 of July 22. 
In addition to the contributions collected under the regime established by Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of February 19, 
and the contributions created under the BRRD transposition, charged on the basis of the Delegated Regulation, there 
is an additional source of revenue of the Resolution Fund which is the contribution income on the banking sector. 
In view of the above, funds available to the Resolution Fund arise from the following sources: (a) contributions from 
the banking sector; (b) initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions participating in the Resolution 
Fund and collected before the implementation of the BRRD in Portugal; (c) initial, periodic and special contributions 
from institutions participating in the Resolution Fund collected pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February, 
and due under the transitional regime provided for in Law no. 23-A/2015 of 26 March (aimed at enabling compliance 
with the obligations undertaken by the Resolution Fund in the context of the application of resolution measures 
applied before 31 December 2014); (d) initial, periodic and special contributions from the investment firms not 
subject to the ECB's supervision, branches of credit institutions of third countries, entities relevant for the payments 
system not subject to the ECB's supervision; (e) proceeds derived from investment applications and from the 
Resolution Fund activity; (f) donations; (g) loans; and (h) other proceeds legally or contractually allocated to the 
Resolution Fund. 
The Issuer's pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary, and may increase, from time to time according to the 
Issuer's liabilities and own funds. Contribution to the Resolution Fund is adjusted to the risk profile and the systemic 
relevance of each participating institution considering its solvency situation. Also, banks (including the Issuer) may 
be required to contribute to the deposit guarantee systems in amounts that are higher than the current contributions. 
The participation of the Issuer in the €700 million initial loan corresponded to 10 per cent. 
According to Article 5, paragraph e of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial Order 
(Portaria) No. 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the Portuguese Government a proposal 
for the implementation of special contributions to rebalance the financial condition of the Resolution Fund.  
If the payment of those special contributions compromises the Issuer's liquidity or its solvency, Banco de Portugal 
can suspend them for a period of up to 180 days, extendable at the request of the Issuer. The Resolution Fund also 
publicly indicated that the financing will be structured in such a manner as to not only avoid jeopardising the solvency 
of any credit institution but also to preserve financial stability.  
Under Article 153-O of the RGICSF, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the implementation of the 
resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting general and administrative expenses. At the 
present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses to be incurred by the Resolution Fund.  
The Deposit Guarantee Fund may also provide financial assistance for the implementation of resolution measures, 
but only in the case of transfer of deposits placed with the institution in distress to another credit institution authorised 
to take deposits or to a bridge bank, and only in the amount needed to cover the difference between the amount of

--- Page 159 ---
159 
covered deposits and the value of the assets sold or transferred. Moreover, funding by the Deposit Guarantee Fund 
shall in no circumstances exceed the cost of a direct reimbursement to the depositors.  
The implementation of resolution measures is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution's shareholders 
nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under management to be 
sold or transferred.  
Hence, if the Issuer is subject to a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal may: 
a) require the full transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in which case 
the entirety of the rights and obligations under the Programme (including the Programme Documents) shall 
be transferred to another duly licensed entity or a bridge institution; 
b) require the partial transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in connection 
with such partial transfer, and that the obligations and liabilities under the Programme (including the 
Programme Documents) remain as a liability of the Issuer: in such instance, depending on the financial 
condition and other factors relating to the Issuer, Banco de Portugal may additionally revoke the licence of, 
and determine the opening of liquidation proceedings against, the Issuer.  
c) determine that the creditors of the Issuer are subject to bail-in measures: in such case, it is expressly referred 
in the RGICSF that the adoption of such type of resolution tool shall not encompass obligations having the 
benefit of security ("garantia real") over the assets of the Issuer up to the amount of the security assets; 
conversely, if such amount of such obligations exceeds the value of the assets charged as security thereof, 
then such excess may be affected by the relevant bail-in measures. Banco de Portugal may cancel all or a 
portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution 
or its holding company, convert certain debt claims into another security, including ordinary shares of the 
surviving entity, if any and/or amend or alter the terms of such claims, including the maturity of the 
unsecured liabilities or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the unsecured liabilities, or the date 
on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In addition to the measures set out above, to prevent bank institutions from structuring their liabilities in a way which 
may compromise the efficiency of the bail-in or of other resolution tools and to avoid the contagion risk or a bank 
run, the BRRD also requires that all institutions should meet the MREL, calculated as a percentage of total liabilities 
and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will include an 
institution's own funds, along with "eligible liabilities". 
The MREL regime, which became effective during 2016, involves a transition period and should have implications 
on the issue of debt by bank institutions, implying the introduction of alterations in the liability structure through the 
issue of new senior debt with some subordination structure or strengthening Tier 2. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet a MREL requirement. 
The actual size of the Issuer´s MREL has not yet been set. Banco Montepio expects that Banco de Portugal will 
decide and notify it, during 2021, of what its MREL should be, as well as the timing for its implementation. The 
expectation is that Banco Montepio will be granted a period of several years (to be confirmed by Banco de Portugal 
once its MREL requirement is known) to comply with its MREL requirement. In order to meet MREL requirements, 
the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such 
mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average 
cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and 
thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage 
of ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features.  
Regarding NPL related initiatives, in March 2018, the Commission presented a package of measures aimed at 
reducing NPLs. The measures include a proposed regulation amending CRR and introducing common minimum 
coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, and a proposed directive on credit servicers, 
credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral, which provides for an out-of-court recovery mechanism for NPLs

--- Page 160 ---
160 
and aims to encourage the development of secondary markets in NPLs. Amendments to CRR to apply the day after 
publication in the Official Journal. New rules under directive on credit servicers to apply from 1 Jan 2021 or (for 
credit servicer authorisation and supervision) 1 July 2021. 
The regulatory laws governing banking activity may change at any time in ways which may have an adverse effect 
on the business of the Issuer. A potential further alignment by Banco de Portugal with the ECB's regulations and 
recommendations may harden its stance in certain areas, such as capital requirements and acceleration of NPL 
disposals, which may, in turn, have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's results and 
financial position. 
Banco de Portugal conducts the preventive supervision of money laundering and terrorist financing (ML/TF) of 
credit institutions, financial companies, payment institutions, electronic money institutions, branches established in 
Portugal and entities providing postal services as well as financial services. Supervised institutions are required to 
comply with several duties such as, (i) customer identification and due diligence, (ii) duty to keep documents and 
records on customers and operations, (iii) scrutiny and reporting of suspicious operations and (iv) adoption and 
implementation of internal control systems that are adequate to the ML/TF risk intrinsic to each institution. Banco 
de Portugal has regulatory functions and actively participates in the preparation of the legal framework governing 
ML/TF. In this regard, note should be made of Banco de Portugal Notice 2/2018 which regulates Law 83/2017 of 18 
August, in particular the reinforcement of preventive duties established therein. 
Money laundering is the process through which the authors of criminal activities conceal the true source of the 
property and revenue (benefits) obtained by illicit means, transforming the liquidity from such activities into legally 
reusable money, by disguising the origin and true owner of the funds. According to Portuguese law, money laundering 
is a crime (Article 368-A of the Portuguese Penal Code). 
In articulation with the legal framework for the prevention of money laundering, legislative measures were adopted 
to make it easier to detect, prevent and suppress terrorist financing, reducing the possibility of access to the 
international financial system by the persons who commit terrorist acts, terrorist organisations and groups, and their 
sponsors. These measures include, inter alia, the freezing and seizure of the assets belonging to terrorists and those 
supporting and sponsoring terrorist organisations and groups, the duty to report transactions suspicious of having any 
type of connection with terrorist activities, the strengthening of the duties to prevent money laundering (in particular, 
the identification duty) within the scope of operations involving the transfer of funds and criminalising terrorist 
financing. In accordance with Portuguese law, terrorist financing is considered a criminal offence, by virtue of the 
provisions laid down in Article 5-A of Law no. 52/2003 of 22 August 2003 (as amended). 
In December 2016, the Commission adopted a package of legislative proposals to fight financing of terrorism, 
including a proposed Regulation on the mutual recognition of freezing and confiscation orders. The new Regulation 
was published in the Official Journal on 28 November 2018 and aims to improve co-operation between European 
authorities to ensure they can freeze and confiscate assets quickly and efficiently across the EU. The new Regulation 
widens the scope of current rules and includes provisions to ensure that victims' rights to compensation and restitution 
are respected. Most provisions will apply from 19 December 2020 (24 months after entry into force). 
The fifth Money Laundering Directive ("MLD5") was published in the Official Journal in June 2018. It includes 
targeted amendments to increase transparency around owners of companies and trusts through the establishment of 
public beneficial ownership registers, prevent risks associated with the use of virtual currencies for terrorist 
financing, restrict the anonymous use of pre-paid cards, improve the safeguards for financial transactions to and from 
high-risk third countries and enhance Financial Intelligence Units' access to information. Law 58/2020 ("Law 
58/2020"), published on 31 August 2020, transposed into the Portuguese law the MLD5. In addition to the changes 
made to matters already dealt with in Portuguese law (namely the regime of beneficial owners and politically exposed 
persons, as well as enhanced due diligence duties for high-risk third countries), Law 58/2020 also includes, for the 
first time, entities engaged in activities with virtual assets ("cryptocurrencies" or other type of "crypto assets") within 
the scope of the Portuguese anti money laundering and terrorist financing rules.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Since December 2020 the Sixth Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“AMLD6”) is in effect for all member states and 
must be transposed and implemented by 3rd June 2021. Stricter than its predecessors, AMLD6 introduces a larger 
responsibility on regulated entities to fight money laundering. AMLD6 harmonizes the definition of criminal activity 
by detailing 22 offenses within certain categories that the directive deems a criminal activity, expands criminal 
liability to legal persons, including companies and partnership and increases the maximum imprisonment for 
offenses, from one year to four years. Furthermore, a sentence may include additional sanctions and fines, which 
could result in the cessation of the company’s operations. 
In September 2017 the European Banking Authority (EBA) published its revised Guidelines on Internal Governance. 
These Guidelines aim at further harmonising institutions' internal governance arrangements, processes and 
mechanisms across the EU, in line with the new requirements in this area introduced in the Capital Requirements 
Directive (CRD IV) and also taking into account the proportionality principle. Effective internal governance is 
fundamental if individual institutions and the banking system as a whole are to operate well. 
On 15 July 2020, the Banco de Portugal published Notice 3/2020 (Aviso nº3/2020) which regulates the governance 
and internal control systems and defines the minimum standards on which the organisational culture of the entities 
subject to supervision by the Banco de Portugal must be anchored. Notice 3/2020 revokes Notices nos. 5/2008 and 
10/2011, as well as Instruction no. 20/2008, aims to consolidate the regulatory provisions regarding institutions’ 
internal control and governance, incorporating the content of the EBA guidelines on internal governance, the EBA 
guidelines on outsourcing arrangements and the EBA guidelines regarding sound remuneration policies. 
The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), agreed upon by the European Parliament and Council in April 
2016, replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC in 2018 as the primary law regulating how companies protect 
EU citizens' personal data. The mutually agreed GDPR came into force on May 25, 2018, and was designed to 
modernise laws that protect the personal information of individuals. GDPR altered how businesses and public sector 
organisations can handle the information of their customers. The implementation of GDPR in Portugal was 
accomplished through Law no. 58/2019 of 8 August.  
The Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 transposed to the Portuguese law the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Counsel, of 12 December 2017, as regards the ranking of certain debt instruments 
in the insolvency hierarchy. This law grants a full depositor preference in bank insolvency and resolution proceedings 
against senior debt and introduced a new class of debt, the Senior Non-Preferred Debt, that will rank below 
preferential Senior debt, but above Subordinated Debt. 
Banco Montepio's activities are regulated by Banco de Portugal, as a credit institution, and by the CMVM, as an 
issuer with outstanding listed notes. It must comply with the regulations issued by Banco de Portugal, the RGICSF 
and with the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). In its activity as distributor of insurance 
products it is also subject to the supervision of the Insurance and Pension Funds Authority (Autoridade de Seguros e 
Fundos de Pensões). 
Banco de Portugal enjoys extensive supervisory and regulatory powers in relation to all credit and deposit-taking 
institutions in Portugal. Banco Montepio in particular, classified as an LSI, under the current SSM arrangement, 
is directly supervised by Banco de Portugal. 
There are specific regulations regarding regular audits by Banco de Portugal, a specified accounting plan, limits on 
large exposures, minimum levels of provisions for loan losses and mandatory contribution to the deposit guarantee 
fund. Compliance is monitored through periodic inspections and regular reviews of financial statements. 
Since 2011, Banco Montepio has participated in several exercises conducted by the European Banking Authority to 
evaluate the impacts of Basel III rules' implementation. At the same time, Banco Montepio has been performing 
stress tests exercises taking into account adverse macroeconomic and financial scenarios defined by Banco de 
Portugal. 
In addition to the stress tests reported to Banco de Portugal, Banco Montepio regularly conducts other impact studies 
that are intended to provide an analytical view of its position in terms of liquidity, profits and capital when subject

--- Page 162 ---
162 
to unfavourable scenarios stemming from changes in risk factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, deposit runoffs, 
eligible asset valuation haircuts applied by the European Central Bank (the "ECB"), credit ratings, portfolio and 
collateral losses, among other factors.  
The results under the adverse scenarios, including those resulting from the adverse macroeconomic scenarios defined 
by Banco de Portugal, show that Banco Montepio shall maintain the ongoing process of capital levels strengthening. 
The impact studies and results are disclosed to and discussed with the Board of Directors, with the subsequent 
conclusions incorporated in the strategic decision making processes, namely in the determination of solvency levels, 
liquidity, exposure to specific risks (counterparty and price risks) and global risks (interest rate, foreign exchange 
and liquidity risks), as well as in the pricing, loan criteria and development of products offered. 
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets ("DTA") must be deducted from CET1 capital.  
However, Article 39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTA that do not rely on future profitability, foreseeing 
that such DTA are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTA are deemed not to rely on future 
profitability when:  
a. 
They are automatically and mandatorily replaced without delay with a tax credit, in the event that the 
institution reports a loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in the event of its 
liquidation or insolvency;  
b. The abovementioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax liability of the 
institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as the institution for tax purposes 
under that law or any other undertaking subject to supervision on a consolidated basis; and  
c. 
Where the amount of tax credits referred to in point (b) above exceeds the tax liabilities referred to in that 
same point, any such excess is replaced without delay with a direct claim on the central government of the 
Member State in which the institution is incorporated.  
The deduction of DTA from CET1 capital, as at 1 January 2014, would thus have a negative impact on the capital 
levels of credit institutions established in Member States where national tax law imposes a time mismatch between 
the accounting and tax recognition of certain gains and losses – namely, Italy, Spain and Portugal.  
In this regard, the Italian and Spanish Governments enacted, in 2011 (Italy) and 2013 (Spain, with retroactive effect 
to 2011), amendments to national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with the aim of 
fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions. 
In view of the above, the Portuguese Parliament approved Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August, as amended from time to 
time, ("Law no. 61/2014") which implements a special regime with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-
deductibility of DTA from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions, allowing Corporate Income Taxpayers to 
convert DTA arising from impairment of loans and advances losses and from post-employment and long-term 
employment benefits into tax credits (the "DTA Special Regime").  
Law no. 61/2014 foresees that any DTA arising from the abovementioned items, accounted in taxable periods starting 
on or after 1 January 2015, or registered in the taxpayer's accounts in the last taxable period prior to that date, may 
be converted into tax credits when the taxpayer: (i) reports an annual accounting loss when the institution's annual 
financial statements are formally approved by the competent corporate bodies; or (ii) enters into a liquidation 
procedure, as a result of voluntary dissolution, court-ordered insolvency or, if applicable, cancellation of 
authorisation by the regulator or supervisory body. The amount of DTA to be converted into tax credits corresponds 
to the ratio between (a) the amount of the annual accounting loss, and (b) the total amount of equity minus the amount 
in (a) above, and is declared by the Corporate Income Taxpayers in their annual Corporate Income Tax return, to be 
submitted within the five-month period after the year-end. The amount of the declared tax credit must subsequently 
be confirmed by the tax authorities through a tax audit procedure to be initiated within the three-month period 
following the expiry of the abovementioned annual corporate income tax return submission deadline. The tax credits 
obtained with the conversion of DTA may be offset against any State taxes on income and on assets payable by the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same group for purposes of prudential 
consolidation under the CRR.  
However, the conversion of DTA entails the constitution of a special non-distributable reserve, equivalent to the 
amount of the tax credit obtained increased by 10 per cent., and conversely, the issuance of symmetric warrants to 
the Portuguese Republic. The warrants entitle the Portuguese Republic (i) to demand the increase of the issuer's share 
capital through conversion of the special reserve and subsequent issue and delivery of ordinary shares representing 
the issuer's share capital; or (ii) to freely dispose of them, including by sale to third parties, which may subsequently 
demand such increase of the issuer's share capital. To mitigate the effects of the possible shareholding dilution 
resulting thereof, Law no. 61/2014 grants that, at the date of issuance of the warrants, existing shareholders are 
automatically vested statutory entitlements that allow them to purchase the warrants from the Portuguese Republic. 
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish that the 
DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting and tax regimes 
from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with respect to the previous 
fiscal years. 
The DTA related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, and the DTA related to temporary 
mismatches that depend on future profitability are partially deducted from capital (the portion that exceeds the 
threshold of 10 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed at 250 per cent. Finally, the DTA related to temporary 
mismatches protected by the Portuguese fiscal regime are weighed at 100 per cent. Potential future changes to the 
way in which the Portuguese fiscal regime operates could result in previously protected DTAs (that would eventually 
be converted into DTA related to temporary mismatches that depend on future profitability) no longer being 
protected. At this point, there are no expected changes in the fiscal regime that could negatively affect the calculation 
of DTAs on capital ratios, but Banco Montepio cannot assure investors that the expected changes will not take place. 
Temporary legal moratoria on certain financing agreements  
Law no. 1-A/2020, of 19 March, as amended, implemented exceptional and temporary measures to tackle the 
pandemic caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19. Article 8 of Law no. 1-A/2020 creates a temporary 
regime whereby execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the mortgagor for permanent residence are 
suspended for the time being. This regime will cease to apply on a date to be determined via the enactment of a new 
Decree-Law declaring the end of the exceptional period of prevention, containment, mitigation and treatment of 
SARS-CoV2 and COVID-19.  
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law no.10-J/2020, which established a temporary 
legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting the liquidity of companies and families 
(lastly amended by Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July) (the "Legislative Moratoria"). This regime entered into force 
on 27 March 2020 and will be in force until 31 March 2021. It includes, in relation to credit operations granted by 
financial institutions (excluding, among others, credit or financing for the purchase of securities or the acquisition of 
positions in other financial instruments), (i) a prohibition of revocation, in whole or in part, of credit lines and loans, 
in the amounts contracted, from 27 March 2020, (ii) an extension, for a period equal to the term of the measure, of 
all debts with payments of principal at the end of the contract in force as at 27 March 2020, together with all its 
associated elements, including interest, guarantees, notably those provided by the way of insurance or securities; and 
(iii) suspension, from 27 March 2020, in relation to debts with partial instalments or other cash amounts payable, of 
payments of principal, rents and interest in such period, with the respective contractual payment plan being 
automatically extended, for a period equal to that of the suspension, in order to ensure that there are no charges other 
than those which may derive from the variability of the benchmark interest rate underlying the respective contract, 
and with all the elements associated with the respective contracts, including guarantees, also being extended.  From 
the date that it entered into force, Decree-Law no. 26/2020, of 16 June, establishes that operations meeting the 
eligibility criteria set forth in Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, who have benefited from any moratorium 
before the institutions from 27 March 2020 and 17 June 2020 shall be subject to the legal regime set forth therein. 
On 24 July 2020, Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July, which amended Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, extended the period to 
adhere to the moratorium until 30 September 2020. On 29 September 2020, Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020 further

--- Page 164 ---
164 
amended Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, extending the legal moratoria from 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2021, limited 
to principal with certain exceptions (notably for housing loans and financial leases, education related consumer loans 
and certain other loans granted to activities more impacted by the pandemic listed in the Annex to which article 9 of 
Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020, of 20 September, refers). 
On 2 April 2020, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published a guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by 
legislative and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020 (EBA/GL/2020/02). The EBA clarified that 
payment moratoria do not trigger classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are 
based on the applicable national law or on an industry/sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by 
the relevant credit institutions, without prejudice to the institutions continuous monitoring of the borrowers' credit 
quality, identifying exposures to borrowers who may face longer-term financial difficulties. Any such exposures 
should be classified in accordance with existing regulation. 
Following publication of the EBA's guidelines, the members of the Portuguese Banking Association (Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos), including the Issuer, signed, on 16 April 2020, an interbank protocol establishing harmonised 
general conditions for private initiative moratoria (the "Non-legislative moratoria") on mortgage loans and non-
mortgage loans (e.g. personal or auto loans). Such private initiative moratoria is available to Portuguese-resident 
individuals and individuals not resident in Portugal.  
Non-legislative moratoria under this protocol benefit from a similar prudential and accounting treatment to legislative 
moratoria.  
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had received requests from its customers for payment extensions in relation to 
loans and advances to customers portfolio worth around €3.2 billion, 27.7 per cent. of the outstanding loans and 
advances to customers in an amount of €11.6 billion as of that date.  
EU Temporary Framework for State aid measures and Portuguese measures 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission ("EC") adopted a Temporary Framework for State aid measures 
(based on Article 107(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union) to support the economy in the 
COVID-19 outbreak, which, inter alia, set out the possibilities Member States have under Union rules to ensure 
liquidity and access to finance for undertakings, especially small and medium-sized undertakings ("SMEs") that face 
a sudden shortage in this period in order to allow them to recover from the current situation. The aim was to lay down 
a framework that enables Member States to support undertakings experiencing difficulties due to the COVID-19 
outbreak and to provide urgently needed liquidity for companies, whilst maintaining the integrity of the EU Internal 
Market, ensuring a level playing field. 
The Temporary Framework was first amended on 3 April 2020 to increase possibilities for public support to research, 
testing and production of products relevant to fight the coronavirus outbreak, to protect jobs and to further support 
the economy. It was further amended on 8 May 2020 to enable recapitalisation and subordinated debt measures, and 
on 29 June 2020 to further support micro, small and start-up companies and to incentivise private investments. On 
13 October 2020, a fourth amendment was adopted to prolong the Temporary Framework and to enable aid covering 
part of the uncovered fixed costs of companies affected by the crisis. 
The Temporary Framework provides for five types of aid: 
(i) Direct grants, selective tax advantages and advance payments: Member States will be able to set up schemes to 
grant up to €800,000 to a company to address its urgent liquidity needs. 
(ii) State guarantees for loans taken by companies from banks: Member States will be able to provide State 
guarantees to ensure banks keep providing loans to the customers who need them. 
(iii) Subsidised public loans to companies: Member States will be able to grant loans with favourable interest rates 
to companies. These loans can help businesses cover immediate working capital and investment needs. 
(iv) Safeguards for banks that channel State aid to the real economy: Some Member States plan to build on banks' 
existing lending capacities, and use them as a channel for support to businesses – in particular to small and 
medium-sized companies. The Framework makes clear that such aid is considered as direct aid to the banks'

--- Page 165 ---
165 
customers, not to the banks themselves, and gives guidance on how to ensure minimal distortion of competition 
between banks. 
(v) Short-term export credit insurance: The Framework introduces additional flexibility on how to demonstrate that 
certain countries are not-marketable risks, thereby enabling short-term export credit insurance to be provided by 
the State where needed. 
Given the limited size of the EU budget, the main response will come from Member States' national budgets. The 
Temporary Framework will help target support to the economy, while limiting negative consequences to the level 
playing field in the Single Market. 
The EC is continuously examining the need to further adapt the Temporary Framework that was initially set to expire 
on 31 December 2020 and later extended to 30 June 2021. In view of the persistence and evolution of the COVID-
19 outbreak, on 28 January 2021 the EC decided to prolong all measures set out in the Temporary Framework, 
including recapitalisation measures, until 31 December 2021. 
As Europe moves from crisis management to economic recovery, State aid control will also accompany and facilitate 
the implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”). In this context, on 21 December 2020, the 
Commission published a number of State aid guiding templates, covering several types of investments projects, 
which are intended to assist Member States in the design of their national recovery plans, in line with EU State aid 
rules. The EC will assess all State aid notifications received from Member States in the context of the RRF as a 
matter of priority. The RRF will make €672.5 billion in loans and grants available to support reforms and investments 
undertaken by Member States. The aim is to mitigate the economic and social impact of the coronavirus pandemic 
and make European economies and societies more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges and 
opportunities of the green and digital transitions. By offering large-scale financial support for investment and 
reforms, the RRF will better prepare Member States for a sustainable recovery. 
In respect of the Portuguese support measures to help citizens and companies during the significant economic impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic, the EC approved the following: 
- 
On 22 March 2020, four guarantee schemes, in a total amount of € 3 billion, for SMEs and midcaps affected 
by the COVID-19 outbreak to be applied in four different sectors: (i) tourism; (ii) restaurants; (iii) extractive 
and manufacturing industry; and (iv) travel agency activities, tourism, event organisation; 
- 
On 4 April 2020, two schemes to support SMEs and large companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak: 
a direct grant scheme, and a State guarantee scheme for investment and working capital loans granted by 
commercial banks.; 
- 
On 8 April 2020, a scheme to support SMEs active in the fishery and aquaculture sector in the context of 
the coronavirus outbreak in the form of a credit line in a total amount of €20 million; 
- 
On 17 April 2020, a scheme to support investment in research and development (R&D), testing and 
production of products that are relevant to the coronavirus outbreak, including vaccines, ventilators and 
personal protective equipment. The public support took the form of direct grants in a total amount of €140 
million; 
- 
On 25 May 2020, two schemes intended to preserve employment in the Azores during the coronavirus 
pandemic in a total amount of €43 million; 
- 
On 10 June 2020, a rescue loan in favour of Transportes Aéreos Portugueses SGPS S.A. in an amount of 
€1.2 billion to provide the Portuguese airline company with the necessary resources to address its immediate 
liquidity needs, without unduly distorting competition in the Single Market; 
- 
On 22 June 2020, a scheme to support companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak in the autonomous 
region of Madeira in a total amount of €40 million. The support took the form of direct grants and State 
guarantees on loans; 
- 
On 31 August 2020, a credit line scheme to support SMEs active in Madeira in the agricultural and agri-
food sectors, in a total amount of €5 million; 
- 
On 20 October 2020, a scheme for preserving employment on the Azores Islands in a total amount of €9 
million; the scheme followed two measures approved by the EC in May 2020, which had expired;

--- Page 166 ---
166 
- 
On 21 January 2021, a scheme to support micro, small and medium companies active in sectors particularly 
affected by the coronavirus outbreak, in a total amount of €1.2 billion, in the form of direct grants available 
under two different measures: 'Apoiar.PT', open to micro and small companies exclusively active in 
commerce and services open to consumers, cultural activities, touristic activities, the hospitality sector, and 
food and beverage service activities; 'Apoiar Restauração', open to micro, small and medium companies in 
the food and beverage sector; and 'Apoiar Rendas' to compensate companies for a certain percentage of their 
rental payments and provide financial support, to help businesses preserve jobs and avoid lay-offs; 
- 
On 11 February 2021, a €35 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises with 
head offices or permanent establishments in the region of the Azores, from sectors most severely affected 
by the economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak; and 
- 
On 2 March 2021, a € 15 million scheme (The 'Apoiar.PT Açores –4ºT 2020') to support micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises with head offices or permanent establishments in the region of the Azores in the 
context of the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The exceptional circumstances and the wide effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the measures taken 
from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuer at its own initiative to address this situation, 
notably those relating to moratoria in respect of loans granted to individuals and companies permitting borrowers to 
postpone regular payments under their loans for certain periods, to the extent applicable, may generally affect the 
capacity of the Issuer to carry out its business as normal. It is not possible at this stage to assess all specific measures 
that will be implemented to curb the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the relevant impacts such measures will 
have on the Issuer. 
Capital relief measures related to COVID-19 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that the financial institutions can continue 
to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak become apparent. 
The ECB will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) 
and the capital conservation buffer (CCB). The ECB considers that these temporary measures will be enhanced by 
the appropriate relaxation of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the national macroprudential authorities.  
Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital instruments which do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital, such as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet Pillar 2 Requirements ("P2R"). This measure was 
initially scheduled to come into force in January 2021 as part of the revision to the CRD IV. It was accelerated as a 
relief measure to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In a press release dated 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published the decision to postpone the phase-in period of the 
capital buffer for "Other Systemically Important Institutions" ("O-SII"), the category on which the Issuer falls, by 1 
year. As such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 January 2021 was 
postponed to 1 January 2022. Capital buffers as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets consist of CET1 capital on 
a consolidated basis and were determined by the Banco de Portugal to be applicable in phases, from 1 January 2018 
onwards.  
On 26 June 2020 it was published Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
24 June 2020 (the "CRR Quick Fix"), amending Regulations (EU) No. 575/2013 and (EU) No. 2019/876 as regards 
certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in force since 27 June 2020, with the exception of the 
amendments to the calculation of the leverage ratio which will apply from 28 June 2021. The purpose of this 
regulation is to encourage banks to continue lending to businesses and households during the crisis caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic and to absorb the economic shock of the pandemic. In this context, the CRR Quick Fix amends 
specific aspects of the CRR, such as extending the transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of IFRS 9 
provisions on regulatory, applying a preferential treatment for publicly guaranteed loans under the prudential 
backstop for non-performing loans available under the CRR, delaying until 1 January 2023 the application of the 
leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important institutions and also brings forward the dates of application 
of certain reforms introduced by the CRR 2.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
In addition, the Banco de Portugal published Circular Letter (Carta Circular) no. CC/2020/00000053 informing that 
it will allow the restoration of the combined buffer requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance level by at least the end of 
2022, and will allow the restoration of the LCR by at least the end of 2021, with a view to strengthening the lending 
capacity of credit institutions to the economy and the capacity to absorb losses from the pandemic crisis. 
The principal rules with which Banco Montepio and all Portuguese banks must comply include the following: 
(a) 
Solvency ratio 
Since the beginning of 2014, prudential indicators are Basel III-compliant. As such, Banco Montepio's Own 
Funds are divided into CET1, Tier 1 and Tier 2. As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio's CET1 ratio was 
11.6 per cent., pursuant to the phasing-in criteria of the CRD IV package and Banco de Portugal's Notice 
(Aviso) 10/2017. When measured under the full implementation criteria, the CET1 ratio was 10.1 per cent. 
(b) 
Limitations on credit risk concentration 
Exposure is classified as a large exposure where the liabilities of a counterparty (or such counterparty's group) 
represent 10 per cent. or more of Banco Montepio's own funds. The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a 
counterparty (or such counterparty's group) cannot exceed 25 per cent. of Banco Montepio's own funds and 
the global value of large exposures cannot be greater than eight times the amount of such own funds. As at 
31 December 2020, none of Banco Montepio's exposures exceeded such levels. 
(c) 
Limitations on equity participations in relation to own funds 
Direct and indirect participating interests held by Banco Montepio in the share capital of entities not subject 
to Banco de Portugal's supervision cannot exceed 15 per cent. (individually) and 60 per cent. (in aggregate) 
of Banco Montepio's own funds. Participating interests and non-participating interests are, for the purposes of 
Banco de Portugal's regulations, distinguished essentially by determining the period of time over which the 
interest is to be held or is intended to be held. An interest will be defined as "participating" if there is 
a sufficient degree of permanence in such holding. As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio did not hold 
any participating interest, directly or indirectly, in the share capital of any such entities which exceeded such 
limits. 
(d) 
Limitations on participating interests in relation to the share capital of certain companies 
The direct and indirect participating interests to be held for three years or more by Banco Montepio in non- 
financial entities are limited to 25 per cent. of the voting rights in the share capital of such non-financial 
entities. As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, directly or 
indirectly, exceeding such limit. 
(e) 
Limitations on credit to qualified shareholders 
The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a qualified shareholder cannot exceed 10 per cent. of Banco 
Montepio's own funds and the global value of exposures to qualified shareholders cannot be greater than 
30 per cent. of such own funds. As at 31 December 2020, Banco Montepio did not h a v e  any exposure to 
a qualified shareholder exceeding such limit.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
THE PORTUGUESE ECONOMY 
In May 2011, the Portuguese Financial Assistance Programme ("FAP") was agreed between the European Central 
Bank ("ECB"), the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") and the European Commission ("EC", and together with 
the prior two entities, the "Troika") and was implemented in 2012. The FAP comprised a total funding of €78 billion 
to be allocated during the period from 2011 to 2014. The FAP's main objectives were to return the Portuguese 
economy to a path of sustained growth within a framework of financial stability and to restore the confidence of 
participants in the international financial markets. To this end, the FAP focused its assistance in three main areas: (i) 
a set of significant structural reforms to increase potential growth, create jobs and improve the economy's 
competitiveness; (ii) a strategy for credible fiscal consolidation, based on measures of a structural nature and greater 
budgetary control over all obligations of the State; and (iii) a process of orderly deleveraging of the financial sector 
through market mechanisms and supported by a fund to finance the recapitalisation of banks. 
On 17 May 2014, the FAP came to an end, which constituted an important moment for the evolution of the Portuguese 
economy. During the implementation period, there was significant progress in the correction of certain 
macroeconomic imbalances and various structural measures were adopted where needed. Notwithstanding this 
progress, the return to normal market conditions in respect of funding to the Portuguese economy required sustained 
productivity. Such productivity was also crucial to bringing about a reduction in the high level of unemployment 
observed in the Portuguese economy (which in 2013 reached a maximum annual average of 16.2 per cent., having 
started a downward trajectory in 2014 reaching 6.5 per cent. in 2019 – a downward trajectory that, however, will be 
reversed in 2020, reflecting the current COVID-19 pandemic). 
Following its exit from the FAP, Portugal became subject to Post-Programme Surveillance by the EC and the ECB 
and to Post-Programme Monitoring by the IMF. 
Portugal's debt-to-GDP ratio declined in 2019 to 117.2 per cent. of gross domestic product ("GDP"), representing 
the third consecutive year of decline in the debt ratio (121.5 per cent. in 2018), after the 131.5 per cent. peak observed 
in 2016. However, the debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to have increased in 2020, reflecting the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic, on economic activity and public finances, a behaviour that, moreover, will likely be observed 
throughout the world. Given the current high level of government debt, Portugal still appears to face high fiscal 
sustainability risks in the medium-term. However, in the long-term, Portugal faces low fiscal sustainability risks, 
particularly due to the positive structural primary balances that Portugal has been observing since 2012 and that now 
will only be interrupted because of the current COVID-19 pandemic.  
In addition, after three years of recession, the Portuguese economy returned to growth in 2014 (+0.8 per cent.), having 
continued the process of gradual recovery during the following years, with 1.8 per cent. growth in 2015 and 2.0 per 
cent. in 2016, and accelerated strongly in 2017 to 3.5 per cent. (the strongest growth rate since 2000: +3.8 per cent.), 
but having decelerated in 2018, with GDP having grown by 2.8 per cent., and again in 2019, with growth of 2.2 per 
cent. The growth of the economy in 2019 only reflected the positive contribution of domestic demand of 2.7 
percentage points, with the reduction of this contribution (+3.1 percentage points. in 2018) primarily reflecting the 
slowdown of private consumption, but also the slight deceleration of public consumption, with gross fixed capital 
formation ("GFCF") having accelerated and the investment in inventories maintaining its positive contribution. 
However, after a few years of relatively high growth, the estimate of a strong negative impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the activities most related to tourism, as well as on the remaining activities (namely after the emergency 
measures adopted since mid-March), resulted in a strong decrease in the country's growth prospects, which will lead 
to a recession in 2020, as in most world economies. In fact, Portugal's economy had been performing strongly up 
until the end of February 2020, but the economic situation changed dramatically in March when the COVID-19 
pandemic hit. Portuguese Government announced containment measures on 12 March and a state of emergency on 
18 March with further restrictions on mobility (measures that were partially introduced again at the end of 2020 and 
reinforced on 13 January 2021). Many businesses suspended operations, with tourism being the hardest hit. The 
European Commission projected a contraction of 9.3 per cent. in 2020 (on 5 November 2020), the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") projected a contraction of 8.4 per cent. (on 1 December 2020) 
and the Bank of Portugal projected a contraction of 8.1 per cent. (on14 December 2020), while the IMF points (13

--- Page 169 ---
169 
October 2020) to a more intense contraction of 10.0 per cent., with both entities predicting a return to growth after 
2021 (to +5.4 per cent., +1.7 per cent., +3.9 per cent. and +6.5 per cent. respectively), but with activity levels not 
recovering in that year all the losses observed in 2020, with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
This is a global recession and not just country specific. In the recent World Economic Outlook ("WEO") of October 
2020, the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") estimated the likely scale of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
to be a 4.4 per cent. contraction of the world economy in 2020 (-3.0 per cent. in the update made in April), followed 
by a partial recovery based on a 5.2 per cent increase of GDP in the following year (+5.8 per cent. in April). This is 
a considerable downward revision, as in the update made in January, when the outbreak was still practically confined 
to China, the IMF projected an economic expansion of 3.3 per cent. in 2019 and 3.6 per cent. in the following year. 
The IMF noted that this would be the first time in almost a century that the advanced economies and the emerging 
markets would be simultaneously in recession.  
The IMF forecasts, for example, that the Eurozone as a whole should contract by 8.3 per cent. this year (the European 
Commission projected -7.8 per cent.). The IMF stressed in one of its last WEO (April) that the world changed 
dramatically during the first months after the pandemic began, highlighting that this is a crisis like no other, pointing 
to three reasons for such: i) the economic decline caused by the health crisis shall be deeper than the losses that 
triggered the financial crisis of 2007/08; ii) as in a war or political crisis, severe uncertainty persists on the intensity 
and duration of this economic shock; iii) this is a crisis in which it is much more difficult to put in place economic 
stimulus measures than other crises, because the economic paralysis arises precisely from the containment measures 
enforced.  
In terms of the main risks and uncertainties for economic growth, while updating the WEO of the IMF in October, 
the focus of the risks and uncertainties continued to be completely dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The IMF 
stated that the uncertainty surrounding your baseline projection is unusually large. The forecast rests on public health 
and economic factors that are inherently difficult to predict. A first layer relates to the path of the pandemic, the 
needed public health response, and the associated domestic activity disruptions, most notably for contact-intensive 
sectors. Another source of uncertainty is the extent of global spillovers from soft demand, weaker tourism, and lower 
remittances. A third set of factors comprises financial market sentiment and its implications for global capital flows. 
Moreover, there is uncertainty surrounding the damage to supply potential – which will depend on the persistence of 
the pandemic shock, the size and effectiveness of the policy response, and the extent of sectoral resource mismatches. 
Progress with vaccines and treatments, as well as changes in the workplace and by consumers to reduce transmission, 
may allow activity to return more rapidly to pre-pandemic levels than currently projected, without triggering repeated 
waves of infection. And an extension of fiscal countermeasures into 2021 could also lift growth above the forecast, 
which factors in only the measures implemented and announced so far. However, the risk of worse growth outcomes 
than projected remains sizable. If the virus resurges, progress on treatments and vaccines is slower than anticipated, 
or countries' access to them remains unequal, economic activity could be lower than expected, with renewed social 
distancing and tighter lockdowns. Considering the severity of the recession and the possible withdrawal of emergency 
support in some countries, rising bankruptcies could compound job and income losses. Deteriorating financial 
sentiment could trigger a sudden stop in new lending (or failure to roll over existing debt) to vulnerable economies. 
And cross-border spillovers from weaker external demand could amplify the impact of country-specific shocks.  
Therefore, for the Portuguese economy, the risks and uncertainties remain also completely dominated by the 
developments and estimates of real impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has increased as a result of the 
pandemic worsening towards the end of 2020 and beginning of 2021.  
With respect to the labour market, the unemployment rate decreased from 7.0 per cent. in 2018 to 6.5 per cent. in 
2019, continuing the trend of reduction from the historical peak reached at the beginning of 2013 (17.5 per cent.). 
However, the unemployment rate for 2020 is expected to increase in comparison to 2019. The sudden drop in 
economic activity since March 2020 led to a sharp increase in unemployment registrations, despite the significant 
job-support measures enacted. Many of the job cuts are likely to be temporary, but the expected slow recovery in 
tourism and related services is likely to have a negative impact on labour demand over a longer period. In the last 
European Commission's projections (on 5 November 2020), the unemployment rate is set to rise from 6.5 per cent.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
in 2019 to about 8.0 per cent in 2020 before improving to around 7.7 per cent. in 2021, whereas, for the IMF (on 13 
October 2020), the unemployment rate is expected to rise to 8.1 per cent. in 2020 and then decrease to 7.7 per cent. 
in 2021. According to the OECD and the Bank of Portugal, the labour market will also worsen in 2021, which aligns 
with the recent worsening of the pandemic situation. According to the OECD (on 1 December 2020), the 
unemployment rate is expected to have risen to 7.3 per cent. in 2020 and expected to rise to 9.5 per cent. in 2021, 
whereas, the Bank of Portugal (14 December 2020) projects that it will have risen to 7.2 per cent. in 2020 and will 
rise to 8.8 per cent. in 2021. 
On the other hand, the average rate of change of the Portuguese consumer price index ("CPI") was 0.0 per cent. in 
2020, declining from 0.3 per cent. in 2019 and the 1.0 per cent. in 2018 (compared to 1.4 per cent. in 2017, 0.6 per 
cent. in 2016, 0.5 per cent. in 2015 and -0.3 per cent. in 2014), with the average rate of change of core inflation 
(excluding energy, food and tobacco prices) was also at 0.0 per cent. in 2020, declining from 0.5 per cent. in 2019 
(compared to 0.7 per cent. in 2018 and 1.1 per cent. in 2017). The average rate of change in energy prices was -0.5 
per cent. in 2020 compared to -1.8 per cent. in 2019. The decrease of the average rate of change of the CPI between 
2019 and 2020 was a result of the decline in core inflation and the decrease in energy prices. The prices of 
unprocessed food increased by 4.0 per cent., which was more than the 0.9 per cent. increase observed in 2019. 
According to the harmonised consumer prices index ("HCPI"), inflation decreased in 2019, to 0.3 per cent., 
representing a strong deceleration compared to 1.2 per cent. in 2018. Inflation decreased again in 2020 to -0.1 per 
cent, reflecting the low activity levels and oil prices as well as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This HCPI 
inflation rate for 2020 was in line with the figures projected by the European Commission (-0.1 per cent., on 5 
November 2020), by the Bank of Portugal (-0.2 per cent., on 14 December 2020), by the OECD (-0.2 per cent., on 1 
December 2020) and by the IMF (0.0 per cent., on 13 October 2020). Inflation is expected to rise in 2021, with the 
European Commission predicting a rate of 0.9 per cent., the IMF of 1.1 per cent. and the Bank of Portugal of 0.3 per 
cent. However, the OECD predicts a rate of 0.2 per cent. 
In Portugal, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were marked by a strong decrease in the country risk, reflected in the reduction of 
the spread of 10-year Portuguese Government bonds, a favourable trend that was maintained in 2019. GDP has grown 
more than anticipated and the unemployment rate has fallen more than expected, with better prospects for meeting 
the budget targets. In recent years, Portugal started a process of fiscal adjustment, despite the sharp increase in the 
deficit observed in 2017, caused by the recapitalisation of Caixa Geral de Depósitos ("CGD"). Indeed, following the 
budget deficit of 1.9 per cent. of GDP in 2016, in decline from the 4.4 per cent. deficit in 2015 – a reduction which 
benefited from some extraordinary effects – the budget deficit in 2017 amounted to 3.0 per cent. of GDP, representing 
an annual deterioration of the balance of 1.1 percentage point, mainly due to the impact of the recapitalisation of 
CGD. This positive performance continued in 2018, a year in which the deficit fell to 0.3 per cent., and for 2019, a 
year in which it was registered a budget surplus of 0.1 per cent. of GDP, representing the largest budget balance of 
the entire democratic history of Portugal. However, the budget balance is expected to worsen for the year 2020 in 
comparison to 2019, reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (the European Commission and the OECD 
points to -7.3 per cent. of GDP and the IMF to -8.4 per cent. of GDP), and is expected to remain negative in 2021, 
especially after the recent new general confinement adopted by the Portuguese Government at the beginning of 2021. 
Other favourable developments contributed to the reduction of the country risk during 2017, 2018 and 2019, such as 
Portugal's exit from the Excessive Deficit Procedure ("EDP"), positive developments in unemployment, general 
economic growth and favourable prospects for the achievement of budgetary targets. On 9 September 2017, Standard 
& Poor's increased the Portuguese Republic's rating to the first level of investment grade with a favourable outlook, 
and, on 15 September 2018, maintained the rating but improved the outlook from stable to positive. In turn, on 15 
December 2017, Fitch increased its rating to two levels above "junk" maintaining the positive outlook, and reiterated 
this rating on 1 June 2018. On 12 October 2018, Moody's upgraded the Portuguese Republic's domestic and foreign 
long-term issuer rating one level above "junk" from Ba1 to Baa3, whereas the outlook has been changed from positive 
to stable. This update was driven by (1) Portugal's high general government debt move to a sustainable, albeit gradual, 
downward trend, with limited risks of reversal; and (2) the increased economic resilience following the broadening 
of Portugal's growth drivers and a structurally improved external position. More recently, on 4 October 2019, DBRS 
increased the Portuguese Republic's rating from BBB to BBB (high) with outlook stable (reiterated on 18 September

--- Page 171 ---
171 
2020) and, on 13 September 2019, Standard & Poor's maintained the Portuguese Republic's rating at BBB, changing 
the outlook from stable to positive, but then return to stable on 24 April 2020 (reiterated on 11 September 2020). 
This followed on from Moody's, on 9 August 2019, holding the Portuguese Republic's rating at Baa3, changing the 
outlook from stable to positive (reiterated on 11 September 2020), and Fitch maintaining the Portuguese Republic's 
rating at BBB, changing the outlook from stable to positive, on 24 May 2019 (reiterated on 22 November 2019, on 
17 April 2020, on 22 May 2020 and on 20 November 2020).  
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation, and private and public debt levels remain high. In fact, as already 
mentioned, the year 2020 will even be marked by an increase in the public debt ratio, reflecting the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, on economic activity and public finances. It is still unclear whether the Portuguese economy 
will begin to recover in a sustainable way (after the initial recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), 
particularly through an increase in investment. The control of the pandemic throughout the next months will be very 
important for the Portuguese tourism sector to recover part of the lost reserves, and Portugal, due to the fact that it 
has been less affected by the pandemic compared to two other Southern Europe tourism destinations (Spain and 
Italy), should also end up seeing a relatively faster recovery of this important sector.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese, Luxembourg and United States tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Portugal, Luxembourg and the United States 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes. This description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and ownership of 
Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to decide 
about the purchase of Notes. Notably, the following general discussion does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences resulting 
from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax 
laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interests, redemption or reimbursement premiums and other types of 
remuneration arising from Notes issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for Portuguese tax 
purposes. In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the difference between the redemption value and the subscription cost 
is regarded as investment income and is taxed accordingly. 
General tax regime on debt securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is subject to 
individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to Portuguese resident 
individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual 
elects to include such income in his taxable income (englobamento), subject to tax at the current progressive rates of 
up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to 
€250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €250,000.  
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described further below, the general tax regime on debt 
securities applicable to non resident individuals is the following: Interest and other types of investment income 
obtained by non resident individuals is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special tax rate of 
28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each year, which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding 
€80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €250,000. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of Notes by 
legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non resident legal persons with a permanent establishment 
in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and are subject to 
corporate income tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (20 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 16.8 per cent. 
in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-
Law no. 372/2007 of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. (13 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 13.6 per 
cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 per cent. (20 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Madeira; 16.8 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) on profits in excess thereof,

--- Page 173 ---
173 
to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (derrama 
estadual) of 3 per cent. on the part of their taxable profits that exceeds €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000 (3 per cent. in 
the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 2.4 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores), of 5 per cent., on the part 
of the taxable profits that exceeds €7,500,000 (5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 4 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores) and 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000 (9 per 
cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 7.2 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores). 
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is deemed a payment 
on account of the final tax due (except where the beneficial owner is either a financial institution, a pension fund, a 
retirement or education fund, a share savings fund, a venture capital fund, a collective investment undertakings or an 
exempt entity as specified by current Portuguese tax law). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts opened in the name 
of one or more resident accountholders or non resident accountholders with or without a permanent establishment in 
Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or legal 
persons resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime as defined by 
Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded from time to time). 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non resident in Portugal without a 
Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 
per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable treaty and provided 
that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities of the beneficial owners of the 
interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at source or through the refund of the excess 
tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by non resident individuals are exempt from Portuguese capital gains 
taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable 
tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded 
from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 
per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes by a legal person non resident in Portugal for tax purposes and 
without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital 
gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by 
Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following cumulative 
conditions are met by the seller): (i) the entity at issue has its residence in the European Union in the European 
Economic Area (provided that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation 
arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within 
the EU Member States), or in any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees 
information exchange; (ii) such entity is subject and not exempt from IRC, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not 
lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting 
rights for at least 1 year uninterrupted; and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial 
arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax 
advantage) or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable 
tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded

--- Page 174 ---
174 
from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 
per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Special Debt securities tax regime 
Pursuant to Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended from time to time ("Decree-law 193/2005"), 
investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposal of the Notes, to non-
Portuguese tax resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt securities 
are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal 
(such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity 
established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, 
in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in 
tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU member 
states or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese 
Government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(a) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(b) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
(c) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force; or 
(d) 
other entities without head offices, effective management or a permanent establishment in the Portuguese 
territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a blacklisted jurisdiction 
as set out in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded from 
time to time). 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires completion of 
certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the provision of information to 
that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a Noteholder is required to hold the Notes through 
an account with one of the following entities: 
(a) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are integrated in 
the centralised system are opened; 
(b) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the "direct registered entities", is a 
client of the latter; or 
(c) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to clear, settle 
or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own registration systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the Noteholders in one 
of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
Domestic Cleared Notes 
Registration of the Notes in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront and requires evidence 
of the non-resident status of the beneficial owner, to be provided by the Noteholder to the direct registered entity 
prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income (rendimentos de capitais) and to the 
transfer of Notes, as follows: 
(i) 
if the beneficial owner is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese State, 
or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial owner of the Notes 
itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof 
of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial

--- Page 175 ---
175 
owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that 
may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(ii) 
if the beneficial owner of the Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a 
double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax identification 
official document or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration, or 
by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of the Notes and its domicile; or 
(C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is 
provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct 
register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption 
from applying; 
(iii) 
if a beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or a collective investment undertaking domiciled 
in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or an 
agreement for exchange of information regarding tax matters, certification shall be provided by means of 
any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration 
or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, domicile and law of incorporation; 
or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below, so long as the beneficial owners 
of Notes provide the confirmation referred to in paragraph (iv) below; and 
(iv) 
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: confirmation must be made 
by the relevant beneficial owner of Notes by way of (A) a certificate of residence or equivalent document 
issued by the relevant tax authorities, (B) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying 
residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by an official entity taking part of the public 
administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country; for 
these purposes, an identification document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of 
which it is indirectly possible to presume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) are not acceptable. The beneficial owner of the Notes must provide an original or a certified copy 
of such documents and, as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they 
must have been issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued 
after the relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The beneficial owner of the 
Notes must inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement conditions 
that may eliminate the tax exemption. 
Luxembourg  
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by reason only of the holding 
of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain individual 
Noteholders, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest). 
There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the possible exception of payments made to certain individual 
Noteholders, upon repayment of principal in case of reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the 
Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual resident beneficial owners are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council.  Following the meeting of 
the Council of the EU on 14 June 2019, the FTT currently considered by the participating Member States would be 
levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies which have their head offices in a 
member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year), 
rather than on any type of financial instrument.  In order to reach a final agreement among the participating Member 
States, further work in the Council and its preparatory bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competencies, 
rights and obligations of non-participating EU member states are respected. 
The proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the scope of any such 
tax and its adoption is uncertain and remains unclear. Additional EU member states may decide to participate.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted, and depending on the final terms and scope of the FTT, 
transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The new regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 
2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and is in 
accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 
July 2014.  
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities of their 
respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information regarding bank 
accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a different Member 
State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different Member State, after 
having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. The information refers not only to personal 
information such as name, address, state of residence, tax identification number and date and place of birth, but also 
to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited 
in the account during the calendar year; or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, 
dividends and any other income generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets 
paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, 
nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013 of 10 May.  
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law No. 64/2016 of 11 October. Under 
such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities 
of EU member states or states which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
In view of the abovementioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial institution, the 
procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by the Ministry 
of Finance, through Order No. 302-A/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-B/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order

--- Page 177 ---
177 
No. 302-C/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-D/2016 of 2 December 2016 and Order No. 302-E/2016 of 2 
December 2016. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
"FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of 
the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to 1 January 2019 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason 
of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 17 June 
2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to 
sell Notes directly on their own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes may also be sold by an Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment and 
update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons of any identifiable Tranche of Notes. Term used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulations S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer that is participating in the offering of such Notes may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every subsequent purchaser of such 
Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, will be deemed to have represented, 
agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulations S; and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(b) 
this Note has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); 
and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant 
Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member 
State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes 
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer shall be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes to the public which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom – Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 181 ---
181 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Portuguese Republic 
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, regarding any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to 
individuals resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in the Portuguese territory: 
(a) 
it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without limitation) the Portuguese 
Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), any regulations issued by the Portuguese Securities 
Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the "CMVM"), Commission 
Regulation (EC) No. 2019/979, of 14 March, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, 
of 14 March, both supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, and other than in compliance with all such 
laws and regulations it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited 
to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any 
action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or 
deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities 
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, 
notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident 
in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; 
(b) 
all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have been and will only be made in Portugal in 
circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, qualify as a private placement of Notes only 
(oferta particular); and 
(c) 
it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or 
cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes to the public 
in Portugal. 
Furthermore, (i) if the Notes are subject to a private placement addressed exclusively to qualified investors as defined, 
from time to time, in Article 30 of the Portuguese Securities Code (investidores profissionais), such private 
placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code; and (ii) 
private placements addressed by companies open to public investment (sociedades abertas) or by issuers of securities 
listed on a regulated market shall be notified to the CMVM for statistical purposes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an

--- Page 182 ---
182 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented, warranted and agreed that:  
(a) 
in relation to offers to the public in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period beginning on the 
date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") of approval of the prospectus in relation 
to those Notes, by the competent authority of a Member State of the European Economic Area, other than 
the AMF, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; 
or 
(b) 
offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to and it has 
only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this 
Base Prospectus, the relevant final terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the AMF. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom 
is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based contracts (each term as 
defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
 to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
 where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(iv)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"), and no application has been or will be made 
to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes (i) 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (ii) has been or will be filed 
with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or registers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of CDS or the creation of short 
positions in the securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial

--- Page 184 ---
184 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation". Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")][UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
                                                          
1 Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
2 Include where item (viii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 186 ---
186 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore – In 
connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ['prescribed capital markets products']/[capital markets 
products other than 'prescribed capital markets products'] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]3 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 4 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 17 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8.2(a) the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(at 
www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-programmes).]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [7 June 2018/31 October 2019] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 17 June 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
base prospectus dated 17 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant 
                                                          
3 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider whether it needs to reclassify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of 
the SFA prior to the launch of the Offer. 
4 Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms specifies "Not Applicable".

--- Page 187 ---
187 
information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [7 June 2018/31 
October 2019] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer's 
website. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at 
www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-
relations/funding-programmes).]    
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)  
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert amount, interest rate, maturity date and 
issue date of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].] 
2 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
4 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(Notes will only be tradeable in the Specified 
Denomination) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] [such amount 
will be no less than par]  
10  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
[Not Applicable] 
11  
[(i)] Status of the Notes: 
[Ordinary Senior Notes] [Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/36
0]/[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
13 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date[[in each case,] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[●][subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
13(xvi)]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(viii) Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable][subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(ix) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(x) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) Fixed Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Floating Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xv) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xvi) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xix)  [First Reset Period Fallback] 
[●] 
 
(xx) [Swap Rate Period] 
[●] 
14  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA]  
15  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Applicable subject to the Relevant Authority's 
prior permission (as set out in Condition 5(k))/Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Ordinary Senior Notes – MREL Event; 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(f) apply]] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Notice period 
[●] 
17  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period 
[●] 
18  
Final Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
19  
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons, upon a Capital Event 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes) or on 
event of default 
 
20  
[Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Event) 
[●] per Calculation Amount5 
 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event) 
per Calculation Amount payable upon an 
MREL Event (in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
where "Ordinary Senior Notes MREL 
Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in 
the Final Terms)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21  
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 13(xvii) relates)] 
22  
Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set- 
Off 
Condition [2(c)] is [Not] Applicable]6 
23  
[Ordinary Senior Notes: Negative Pledge 
Condition 3(a) is [Not] Applicable]7 
24  
[Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of 
Default 
Condition 9(a) is [Not] Applicable]8 
25  
[Capital Event: 
Substitution and Variation 
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]9 
26  
[MREL Event: 
Substitution and Variation 
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]10 
                                                          
5 Include only for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes – MREL Event" has been specified as 
"Applicable" in the Final Terms. 
6 Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be MREL Eligible Instruments. 
7 Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. 
8 Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Not Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be MREL Eligible Instruments. 
9 Include for Subordinated Notes only. 
10 Include for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be MREL Eligible Instruments.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable][[[●] has been extracted from [●]], which, when read together with the Base Prospectus referred to 
above, contains all information that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.: 
 
By: …........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
By: …........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 193 ---
193 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market/[●]] with effect from [●].] [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to the [Official List] of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market/[●]] with 
effect from [●].][Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The Notes to be issued have not been 
rated][The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(1060/2009) ("CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
disclosure) 
 
 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be 
found at (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below:) 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.]  
[●] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
4 
YIELD 
 
 
[Include for Fixed Rate Notes only] 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] [Not Applicable]  
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) CUSIP: 
[●] 
 
(iv) CINS: 
[●] 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
(vi) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be registered with 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity of securities settlement 
system and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
6 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
C 
Applicable/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
7 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of the Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended) [(the "Benchmarks Regulation")].] 
[repeat as necessary]] 
8 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[Per the Base Prospectus]/[specify]]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(ii) Net Amount of Proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Authorisation - The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Portuguese Republic in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The 2021 update of 
the Programme was authorised by a resolution of Executive Committee passed on 1 June 2021 and the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer approved on 9 June 2021. 
(2) 
Listing - Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application 
has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
(3) 
No significant change in the financial position of the Issuer - Save as otherwise disclosed in "Risk Factors 
– Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issues under 
the Programme – Risks related to the market generally – COVID-19 pandemic impacting global economy and 
markets", "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks" and "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco 
Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic", there has been no significant change in the financial position of Banco 
Montepio and/or the Banco Montepio Group and no significant change in the financial performance of Banco 
Montepio since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, 31 
March 2021. 
(4) 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer - Save as otherwise disclosed in "Risk Factors – 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issues under 
the Programme – Risks related to the market generally – COVID-19 pandemic impacting global economy and 
markets", "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks" and "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco 
Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic", there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco 
Montepio since 31 December 2020, the date of the last audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
Banco Montepio for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Litigation - Save as disclosed on pages [124-125] in "– Description of the Issuer – Legal and arbitration 
proceedings", neither Banco Montepio nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
Banco Montepio is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have 
or has had in the recent past significant effects, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position 
or profitability of the Banco Montepio Group. 
(6) 
Conditions for Determining Price - The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, 
before filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
(7) 
Interbolsa - Notes have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of 
Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, no. 3433, 4100-138, Porto, Portugal. The address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(8) 
Documents available - For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following 
documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection and, in the case of (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) below, copies will be available free of

--- Page 198 ---
198 
charge, at the (a) registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Agent and (b) on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-relations: 
(i) 
the Instrument (which includes the form of the Notes); 
(ii) 
the Agency Terms; 
(iii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Annual Report 2020 and the Annual Report 2019; 
(v) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2021; 
(vi) 
the 2018 Conditions; 
(vii) 
the 2019 Conditions; 
(viii) each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or are listed or admitted to trading on any other stock exchange; and 
(ix) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms that are listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and available on the 
Issuer's website 
(https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-programmes).  
(9) 
Copy of the Base Prospectus, latest annual report, accounts of the Issuer and latest first quarter interim 
accounts of the Issuer - Copies of the Base Prospectus and the latest annual report and accounts of Banco 
Montepio and the latest first quarter interim accounts of Banco Montepio may be obtained at the specified 
offices of the Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding.  
(10) 
Electronic copy of this Base Prospectus - Copies of the Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated 
by reference will be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(11) 
Issuer's 2019 and 2020 accounts - Following the general meeting held on 27 May 2019, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. replaced KPMG 
as auditors for the term 2019-2021 and have audited the financial statements of Banco Montepio for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
(12) 
Third party information - Where information has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of such third party information is identified where used. 
(13) 
Issuer's code - The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
(14) 
The Issuer's website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(15) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not have any obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
BALANCE SHEET AND EXTRAPATRIMONIALS 
SECURITIES PORTFOLIO AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS 
Definition 
Sum of the items 'Financial assets held for trading', 'Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income', 'Other financial assets at amortised cost', and 'Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss'. 
Relevance 
Assess the relative weight of this item from an assets' structure perspective. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
 
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a) Financial assets held for trading 
35,905
16,923
(b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
1,859,758
286,797
(c) Other financial assets at amortised cost 
987,325
2,362,616
(d) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss* 
384,675
346,892
(e) Securities portfolio and other financial assets (a + b + c + d) 
3,267,663
3,013,228
(f) Total assets 
17,740,142
17,941,006
% Securities portfolio and other financial assets (e / f) 
18.4%
16.8%
* Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of Principal and 
Interest). 
 
 
ISSUED DEBT 
Definition 
Sum of the balance sheet items 'Debt securities issued' and 'Other subordinated debt'. 
Relevance 
Assess the relative weight of this item from a funding structure perspective. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
 
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a) Debt securities issued 
1,389,980
1,299,188
(b) Other subordinated debt 
157, 847
216,896
(c) Issued debt (a + b) 
1,547, 827
1,516,084
(d) Total liabilities 
16,288,154
16,613,847
% of Issued debt (c / d) 
9.5%
9.1%
 
 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RESOURCES 
Definition 
Assets under management by the Banco Montepio Groups' subsidiaries being a constituent part of 
Total customers' resources. 
Relevance 
Contribute to the analysis of the evolution of total customers' resources.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
 
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a) Securities investment funds 
182,078
158,724
(b) Real estate investment funds 
385,468
417,915
(c) Pension funds 
249,258
265,616
(d) Capitalization Insurance 
996
955
Off-balance sheet resources (a + b + c + d) 
817,800
843,210
 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
COMMERCIAL NET INTEREST INCOME 
Definition 
Results arising from interest and similar income on Loans and advances to customers received and 
interest and similar expense on Deposits from customers paid. 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of the banking activity of financial intermediation between granting loans and 
deposit taking. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a) Interest and similar income – Loans and advances to customers 
290,323
267,459
(b) Interest and similar expense – Deposits from customers 
34,435
19,454
Commercial net interest income (a - b) 
255,888
248,005
 
OPERATING COSTS 
Definition 
Sum of staff costs, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortisations. 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of the operating costs underlying the banking activity. 
Components and calculus 
 
(€ thousand)
  
  
 
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a) Staff costs 
162,352
189,255
(b) General and administrative expenses 
68,131
66,989
(c) Depreciation and amortisation 
33,534
35,118
Operating costs (a + b + c ) 
264,017
291,362
 
RATIOS

--- Page 201 ---
201 
LOANS TO DEPOSITS RATIO (LTD): LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS / ON-BALANCE SHEET CUSTOMERS' RESOURCES 
Definition 
Percentage of loans and advances to customers funded by the total amount of on-balance sheet 
customer' resources (which corresponds to the sum of deposits from customers with debt securities 
issued). 
Relevance 
Assess the leverage degree of the banking activity through the relationship between funds raised with 
customers and loans granted to customers. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Loans and advances to customers 
11,506,668
11,577,702
(b)
Deposits from customers 
12,642,446
12,501,973
(c)
Debt securities issued 
1,389,980
1,299,188
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customers' resources (a / (b + c))
82.0%
83.9%
 
EFFICIENCY RATIO: COST-TO-INCOME, EXCLUDING SPECIFIC IMPACTS 
Definition 
Operating efficiency ratio measured by the portion of the total operating income that is absorbed by 
operating costs, excluding results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the 
sale of other financial assets and the other operating income / (expenses). 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of operating efficiency underlying the banking activity, removing the volatility 
effect of results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial 
assets and the other operating income / (expenses). 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated) Dec-20
(a)
Total operating income 
460,387
393,744
(b)
Results from financial operations (i + ii + iii) 
64,443
17,862
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
8,510
(18,695)
(ii)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
42,269
23,693
(iii)
Net gains / (losses) from foreign exchange differences 
13,664
12,864
(c)
Other income (i + ii) 
11,527
14,725
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets 
22,931
43,020
(ii)
Other operating income / (expenses) 
(11,404)
(28,295)
(d)
Operating costs 
264,017
291,362
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts ((d ) / (a - b - c)) 
68.7%
80.7 %
 
 
EFFICIENCY RATIO: COST-TO-INCOME, EXCLUDING SPECIFIC IMPACTS AND ADJUSTMENT COSTS

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Definition 
Operating efficiency ratio measured by the portion of the total operating income that is absorbed by 
operating costs, excluding (i) the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses driven 
by the adjustment programme in the 4Q2020, and (ii).results from financial operations, the net gains / 
(losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets and the other operating income / (expenses). 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of operating efficiency underlying the banking activity, removing the volatility 
effect of results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial 
assets and the other operating income / (expenses), and non-recurrent adjustment costs. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated) Dec-20
(a)
Total operating income 
460,387
393,744
(b)
Results from financial operations (i + ii + iii) 
64,443
17,862
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
8,510
(18,695)
(ii)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
42,269
23,693
(iii)
Net gains / (losses) from foreign exchange differences 
13,664
12,864
(c)
Other income (i + ii) 
11,527
14,725
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets 
22,931
43,020
(ii)
Other operating income / (expenses) 
(11,404)
(28,295)
(d)
Operating costs (comparable) (i - ii) 
264,017
261,862
(i)
Operating costs 
264,017
291,362
(ii)
Adjustment costs 
0
29,500
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment costs ((d ) / (a - b - c)) 
68.7%
72.5 %
 
 
 
 
 
 
COST OF CREDIT RISK 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the cost recognized in the period, recorded as impairment of loans and 
advances in the income statement, to cover the risk of default of loans granted to customers. 
Relevance 
Assess the quality of the loan portfolio given the cost borne with the risk of loan default. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated) 
Dec-20 
(a)
Loan Impairment (annualized)1 
114,905
185,126
(b)
Average gross loans and advances to customers2  
12,598,953
12,416,390
Cost of credit risk (a / b) 
0.9%
1.5%
1) Impairment of loans and advances annualized considering the total number of days elapsed and total days of the year. 
2) Average balance for period (Jun-19: 365 days / Dec-19: 365 days / Jun-20: 365 days).

--- Page 203 ---
203 
RATIO OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of credit and interest overdue for more than 90 days in relation to the total loan 
portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 days 
688,208
626,784
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customers(Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and 
advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk) 
12,289,173
12,357,216
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days (a / b) 
5.6%
5.1%
 
COVERAGE OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISK 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the total amount of the 
past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 days. 
Relevance 
Assess the institution's ability to absorb potential losses arising from loans and interest overdue by 
more than 90 days. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
 
Dec-19 
(Restated) Dec-20
(a)
Impairment for credit risk 
782,505  
779,514  
(b)
Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 days 
688,208  
626,784  
Coverage of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days (a / b)
113.7%
124.4%
  
NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of non-performing exposures (NPE, according to EBA's definition) in relation 
to the total customer loan portfolio.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Stock of Non-performing exposures 
1,511,060
1,289,555
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customer (Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and 
advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk) 
12,289,173
12,357,216
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers (a / b) 
12.3%
10.4%
 
 
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the balance of non-
performing exposures (NPE, according to the EBA definition). 
Relevance 
Assess the institution's capacity to absorb potential losses arising from the NPE portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Impairment for credit risk 
782,505
779,514
(b)
Stock of Non-performing exposures 
1,511,060
1,289,555
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks (a / b)
51.8%
60.4%
 
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS AND ASSOCIATED COLLATERALS AND 
FINANCIAL GUARANTEES 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion between the sum of the impairment for loans accumulated on the 
balance sheet and associated collaterals and financial guarantees in relation to the balance of 
non-performing exposures (NPE, according to EBA's definition). 
Relevance 
Assess the institution's capacity to absorb the potential losses arising from the NPE portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Impairment for credit risk 
782,505
779,514
(b)
Associated collaterals and financial guarantees  
538,010
420,001
(c)
Stock of Non-performing exposures 
1,511,060
1,289,555
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks and associated collaterals and 
financial guarantees ((a + b) / c) 
87.4%
93.0%

--- Page 205 ---
205 
  
 
FORBORNE EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of Forborne exposures (according to EBA's definition) in relation to the total 
loan portfolio 
Components and calculus 
(€ thousand)
  
  
Dec-19 
(Restated)
Dec-20 
(a)
Stock of Forborne exposures 
877,953
815,895
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customer (Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and 
advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk) 
12,289,173
12,357,216
Forborne exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers (a / b) 
7.5%
6.6%

--- Page 206 ---
75305008 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral 
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 - 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A.  
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310  
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 207 ---
75305008 
AGENT  
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese law: 
Dentons UK & Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
PLMJ – Advogados, SP, RL 
Avenida Fontes Pereira de Melo, 43 
1050-119 Lisbon 
Portugal  
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor 
1069-316 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
LISTING AGENT  
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
EB6-0000