--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. 
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of the Portuguese Republic) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 19 May 2000, the Issuer (as defined below) entered into a €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") which has been increased and updated from time to 
time. Any Notes to be issued after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form 
a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such 
series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
€6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 
2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (as 
amended, the "Luxembourg Law ") for the approval of this base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Pursuant to the Luxembourg Law, by approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and 
financial soundness of the Notes to be issued thereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Furthermore, such approval 
relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulations, the CSSF does not 
engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months 
from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve  months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called the final terms (the "Final Terms"). Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes 
of such Tranche. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and registered form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised 
System of Registration of Securities, Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The Programme has been rated: (P)B1 (senior unsecured) / (P)B1 (senior non-preferred) / (P)B2 (subordinated) / (P)B3 (junior subordinated) by Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A. ("Moody's"); B- (senior unsecured) / CCC+ (senior non-preferred) / CCC+ (subordinated) / B (short-term) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and B(high) (senior 
unsecured) / B(low) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). The "B" rating by Moody's in respect of the senior unsecured notes (the "Senior 
Notes"), senior non-preferred notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"), subordinated notes and junior subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes") issued under the 
Programme indicates that such Notes are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. The "B" rating by Fitch in respect of the senior unsecured notes issued under 
the Programme indicates that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains; financial commitments are currently being met, however, capacity for 
continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment. The "CCC" rating by Fitch in respect of the senior non-preferred and subordinated 
notes issued under the Programme indicates that such Notes are of substantial credit risk with a very low margin for safety. The short term "B" rating by Fitch indicates the 
speculative short term credit quality and the minimal capacity for timely payment of financial commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near term adverse changes in financial 
and economic conditions. The "B" rating by DBRS in respect of the senior unsecured and the subordinated notes issued under the Programme indicates that such Notes are of 
highly speculative credit quality and there is a high level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. The short term "R-4" rating by DBRS indicates the highly 
speculative credit quality (with R-5 being the highest level). Each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings which Moody's, Fitch and/or DBRS may give to the Tranches of Notes (as 
defined in "General Description of the Programme") to be issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd and/or DBRS 
Ratings Limited, (as applicable), which are established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The UK CRA Regulation rating 
agency register can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
This Base Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) will be valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval. As such, the Base Prospectus will be 
valid until 7 June 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when 
the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to retail clients, as defined in MiFID II 
and/or Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Important Information" 
of this Base Prospectus for further information. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe 
all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan  
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 June 2023

--- Page 2 ---
10258236601-v54 
- i - 
70-41053780 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including in 
relation to the Issuer, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the relevant Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme). To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which 
are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
10258236601-v54 
- ii - 
70-41053780 
 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 4 ---
10258236601-v54 
- iii - 
70-41053780 
 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore ("SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers (excluding Banco Montepio acting in its capacity as 
Issuer) or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with 
the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable 
solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Notes and such obligations will not be 
the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. The Notes 
are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, an investment in Notes involves the risk that subsequent

--- Page 5 ---
10258236601-v54 
- iv - 
70-41053780 
 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of 
the relevant Notes. See "Risk Factors". 
The Notes will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers or any 
person other than the Issuer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in Notes is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment in 
Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other investment 
firm in the Banco Montepio Group (as defined in the section titled "Description of the Issuer" ), an 
investment in Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Notes are 
expected to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. 
However, Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing 
measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction (such as the UK's Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme). Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors 
investing in Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire investment. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
10258236601-v54 
- v - 
70-41053780 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€" and 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain 
amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, the 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede 
them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100 per cent. when aggregated. 
Financial information for the years ended and as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 contained 
in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from the Annual Report 2022. Following the signing of the 
agreement for the sale of the participation held by Banco Montepio Group in the share capital of Finibanco 
Angola S.A. ("Finibanco Angola"), the consolidated financial statements reported as at 31 December 2022 
consider the financial statements of this subsidiary in accordance with IFRS 5, being the assets and 
liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet in the caption “Non-current assets held for sale - 
discontinued operations” and “Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations”, respectively, 
and in the consolidated income statement, the results generated by Finibanco Angola are included in the 
caption “Net gains/(losses) from discontinued operations". As disclosed in the section “1. Accounting 
policies - a) Bases of presentation” of the Annual Report 2022, the 2021 income statement has been restated 
and the results of Finibanco Angola have been presented under the caption “Net gains/(losses) from 
discontinued operations”, for comparative purposes. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written 
forward-looking statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial 
statements, in their offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements 
made by their officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about Banco Montepio's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. By 
their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they 
relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-
looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections and such 
statements reflect Banco Montepio's judgement at the date of this document and are not intended to give 
any assurances as to future results. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date they are made, 
and Banco Montepio undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information 
or future events. Banco Montepio will comply with their obligations to publish updated information as 
required by law or by any regulatory authority but assume no further obligation to publish additional 
information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures ("APMs"), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer's overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer's auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). Accordingly, these APMs should not be 
considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer's internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of 
the Issuer's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
10258236601-v54 
- vi - 
70-41053780 
 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base 
Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
introduced on 3 July 2016. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and 
would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may reasonably request.

--- Page 8 ---
10258236601-v54 
 
70-41053780 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 43 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 78 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 80 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 81 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 135 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 141 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 147 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 158

--- Page 9 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 1 - 
70-41053780 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Issuer ...................................................  
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio"). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) ..  
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
Description ..........................................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size .......................................................  
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger..............................................  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers .................................................  
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Natixis 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
"Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Agent ...................................................  
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. 
Method of Issue ..................................  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates. 
Issue Price ...........................................  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 2 - 
70-41053780 
 
Form of Notes .....................................  
The Notes are issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and 
registered form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and 
held through Interbolsa, as management entity of the Central 
de Valores Mobiliários. The terms and conditions of each 
series of Notes shall be the terms and conditions set out in this 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented and/or completed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by Banco 
Montepio in favour of the holders of the Notes dated 7 June 
2023 (the "Instrument"). 
Clearing Systems ................................  
Interbolsa, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies ...........................................  
Notes may only be issued in EUR ("euro"), USD ("United 
States Dollar"), GBP ("British Pound Sterling"), JPY 
("Japanese 
Yen"), 
CHF 
("Swiss 
Franc"), 
AUD 
("Australian Dollar") and CAD ("Canadian Dollar"), or 
any other currency as Interbolsa accepts for registration and 
clearing securities. The currency of each issue of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities ............................................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and as permitted by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) and subject as provided below, any maturity 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by the 
Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations will have an original 
maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time 
by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will 
have a minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise 
permitted 
in 
accordance 
with 
Applicable 
Banking 
Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) from time to time. 
 
According to the Luxembourg Law relating to prospectuses 
for securities (the "Luxembourg Law"), the CSSF is not 
competent to approve prospectuses for the listing of money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
twelve months and which also comply with the definition of 
securities in the Luxembourg Law. 
Specified Denomination .....................  
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in British Pound

--- Page 11 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 3 - 
70-41053780 
 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will 
have a minimum specified denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes .................................  
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Notes ..........................................  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset 
on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant 
Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset period, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and as further described 
in the Conditions. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes ............................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended, 
supplemented and/or updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin and subject to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 4(j). 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes.............................  
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates...  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption .........................................  
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in British 
Pound Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). Any early redemption of a

--- Page 12 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 4 - 
70-41053780 
 
Subordinated Note will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Relevant Authority. 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, 
which shall be at least equal to its nominal amount. 
 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, in 
the case of Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, following an Event of Default or, in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Event or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, upon a Capital Event, but otherwise early redemption 
will be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible as Tier 2 
Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as applicable, will be 
subject to the prior consent of the competent authorities 
and/or relevant resolution authorities, to the extent required, 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Benchmark Discontinuation ..............  
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, on the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
who may determine or, if such Independent Adviser fails to 
make any such determination or the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, the Issuer may determine, a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 4(j) the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period, respectively. 
Optional Redemption .........................  
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part), and/or the holders, and whether Notes may 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (in whole) where the Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased 
and subsequently cancelled in accordance with Condition 5 
and, in either such case, the terms applicable to such 
redemption.  
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes .  
Ordinary Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities, and senior to all Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities and all present and future subordinated

--- Page 13 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 5 - 
70-41053780 
 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Subordinated Notes). 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions), junior to any present 
or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to any Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) (and 
accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in 
respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after 
payment in full of the claims of depositors of the Issuer and 
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with Article 
8-A (as defined in the Conditions) and senior to all present 
and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 8-A. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes ......  
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as provided under 
Condition 2(c) and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes will, in 
the event of the bankruptcy or the winding up of the Issuer (to 
the extent permitted by Portuguese law), be subordinated in 
right of payment in the manner provided in Condition 2(c) 
and the Instrument to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the 
Issuer but shall rank (a) at least pari passu with the claims of 
holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and all 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith and (b) in priority to any present or 
future (1) claims of holders of all share capital of the Issuer, 
(2) claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, 
and (3) claims of holders of all other obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Substitution and Variation ................  
Where "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or 
"MREL Event – Substitution and Variation", as the case may 
be, is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
and a Capital Event or an MREL Event, as the case may be, 
has occurred and is continuing, or if required to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, the Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities (as defined in 
Condition 5(j)). 
Negative Pledge ...................................  
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Negative Pledge" is expressly specified to be 
"Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms. See 
"Conditions — Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the 
Ordinary Senior Notes". 
Cross Default ......................................  
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Cross-default" is expressly specified to be "Not

--- Page 14 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 6 - 
70-41053780 
 
Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms. See "Conditions — 
Events of Default". 
Limited Rights of Acceleration .........  
A Noteholder's rights to accelerate Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where 
"Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of Default" Condition 9(a) is 
expressly specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms are limited to insolvency or winding up type events 
only. See "Conditions — Events of Default". 
Ratings .................................................  
The Programme has been rated: (P)B1 (senior unsecured) / 
(P)B1 (senior non-preferred) / (P)B2 (subordinated) / (P)B3 
(junior subordinated) by Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A. ("Moody's"); B- (senior unsecured) / CCC+ (senior non-
preferred) / CCC+ (subordinated) / B (short-term) by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and B(high) (senior 
unsecured) / B(low) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by 
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). Each of Moody's, Fitch and 
DBRS is established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme") may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such ratings will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as 
applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption ..............................  
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for taxation reasons or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary 
Senior Notes, for regulatory capital treatment reasons. See 
"Conditions — Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Withholding Tax .................................  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding taxes in Portugal 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon 
issuance), in relation to interest only, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in and in 
accordance with Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 
2005 (as amended) (See "Taxation – Special Tax Regime for 
Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005)"). 
Governing Law ...................................  
English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions 
relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the 
Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the 
Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the

--- Page 15 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 7 - 
70-41053780 
 
Notes and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 of the Instrument and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading ....  
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions .............................  
The United States, Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors, Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail Investors, Japan, France, Singapore, 
Canada, Switzerland and the Republic of Italy. See 
"Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended. 
 
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") unless the 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Use of Proceeds: ..................................  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 8 - 
70-41053780 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Notes. The risk factors 
have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica 
bancária); 
• 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business; 
• 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
• 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
• 
Risks related to Notes generally. 
Within each category or subcategory, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out 
first. The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category or subcategory of risk is more material than any other category or subcategory. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO BANCO MONTEPIO'S LEGAL STATUS AS A SAVINGS BANK (CAIXA 
ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA) 
Legal framework of the Issuer 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to the mutual association Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista ("MGAM") into 
a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. The nature of the Issuer as a full-service 
savings bank (caixa económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can hold the majority of the capital 
or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and charitable 
institutions. This legal limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its capital 
requirements and a failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations. 
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM in 1844, as an affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of 
MGAM, in order to support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. MGAM is a private institution of social 
support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes are to promote and develop initiatives 
designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries 
nominated by them.

--- Page 17 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 9 - 
70-41053780 
 
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution (instituição titular), 
as per Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September ("Savings Banks Act")) of Banco Montepio with 99.99 
per cent. of Banco Montepio's share capital (€2,420 million as at 31 December 2022 and €1,210 million as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus), pursuant to article 6 no. 2 of the Savings Banks Act. 
If MGAM is not in a position to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders 
in Banco Montepio's capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its 
operations. 
Moreover, MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members' 
savings plans (modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of 
financial and non-financial assets, including different types of securities and equity participations 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio) and real estate. Among these investments, and as at 31 December 
2022, MGAM held €201.1 million of debt securities and other subordinated debt issued by Banco 
Montepio, which represents 1.1 per cent. of Banco Montepio's total liabilities. 
If MGAM's performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide 
additional share capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco 
Montepio's ability to meet its capital requirements and the cost of its funding and, as a result, its prospective 
financial performance and condition. 
A deterioration in investor confidence in MGAM as a result of a disposal of any shares or voting rights 
in the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Being a full-service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the 
majority of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities 
and beneficial institutions. 
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio's shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity 
as Banco Montepio's owner institution (instituição titular). 
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders 
as a sign of MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material 
adverse effect on investor confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Changes to the financial regime and regulation applicable to MGAM may impact its ability to provide 
share capital to the Issuer and its relationship with the Issuer 
MGAM is currently supervised (sob tutela) by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and 
Social Security in accordance with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code 
(Código das Associações Mutualistas).  
Following the amendments to the Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas), 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2018, of 2 August, as amended by Decree-Law no. 37/2019, of 15 March, 
MGAM became subject to a special supervisory regime and, as a result, it is subject to certain provisions 
of the Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of the Insurance and Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico 
de Acesso e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e Resseguradora) (the "RJASR") and the financial 
supervision of the Portuguese insurance and pension funds authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros 
e Fundos de Pensões) (the "ASF"). 
MGAM, together with other relevant mutual associations, is subject to a 12-year transitional period (which 
commenced on 27 November 2018). During this 12-year transition period, MGAM is required to take steps 
to adapt to the new regulatory framework imposed by the RJASR. At the end of the transitional period, and 
subject to compliance with the applicable legal requirements, MGAM will become fully subject to the 
financial supervision by the ASF and the RJASR. 
During this transition period and without prejudice to the powers of the member of the Government 
responsible for the area of Social Security, the ASF has powers to monitor the actions and diligences 
adopted by the relevant mutual associations with a view to progressively adapting the new regulatory and 
supervisory framework.

--- Page 18 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 10 - 
70-41053780 
 
Only at the end of the 12-year transitional period for the adaptation of mutual associations to the RJASR 
will the ASF have full supervisory powers. Until then, the member of Government responsible for the social 
security area will be responsible for the effective supervision of MGAM. 
The ASF is responsible for assessing whether the mutual associations covered by the transitional period 
comply with the acts necessary for the gradual adaptation of these institutions to the future regulatory 
framework, and it is up to the competent social security department to determine the application of the 
measures provided for by law in the event of non-compliance. 
New rules that restrict MGAM from providing additional share capital to the Issuer may be introduced. 
Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict other rules which the authorities may introduce and the effects such 
rules may have on MGAM's organisation and performance and, in particular, its relationship with the Issuer. 
Please refer to the section "Legal framework of the Issuer" for a description of the possible consequences 
arising from Banco Montepio being a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated 
as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO BANCO MONTEPIO'S BUSINESS 
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant 
of which are macroeconomic risk, exchange rate risk, credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity 
risk. Failure to control these risks may result in a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
The Issuer is sensitive to changes in the Portuguese economy and to uncertainties in the macro-economic 
context 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by 
the volume and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which in turn is affected by both domestic 
and international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have 
a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding the implementation of political 
measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its 
operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
pose additional challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the Portuguese economy. 
As disclosed by Banco de Portugal in the March 2023 economic bulletin, the Portuguese economy is 
expected to grow by 1.8 per cent. in 2023, and 2 per cent. in 2024 and 2025. It grew by 6.7 per cent. in 
2022. Inflation is projected by Banco de Portugal to decline gradually, from 8.1 per cent. in 2022 to 5.5 per 
cent. in 2023, 3.2 per cent. in 2024 and 2.1 per cent. in 2025. Since the end of 2022, energy costs have been 
falling, contributing to an improvement in the terms-of-trade of the economy and a reduction in external 
pressures on consumer prices. GDP growth is expected to increase in the course of 2023 and inflation is 
expected to decline from 8.4 per cent. in the first quarter to 3.2 per cent. in the fourth quarter. In 2024/25, 
the unwinding of supply bottlenecks, lower uncertainty, the recovery in real household income and the 
inflow of European funds are expected to contribute to the acceleration of GDP, although this is expected 
to be partly hindered by tighter financial conditions. The deceleration in external prices is expected to pass 
through to consumer prices in general, leading to a decline in inflation in 2024 and 2025. 
According to Banco de Portugal, the Portuguese economy is expected to continue to converge with the euro 
area over the 2023 - 2025 period. Higher economic growth in Portugal reflects the buoyancy of services 
exports, the maintenance of sustained external market share gains, the recovery in investment – benefiting 
from the increased inflow of funds – and total factor productivity growth, associated with an improvement 
in the labour force’s skills. By contrast, consumption growth is expected to be more subdued in Portugal 
than in the euro area, conditioned by greater exposure to rising interest rates, due to the significant share of 
variable rate loans. During the course of 2023 - 2025, Portugal is expected to return to an external account 
surplus – with a balance projected at 2.3 per cent. on average during this period – which will contribute to 
the downward trend in its external debt position. These developments reflect an increase in savings by 
households and firms. The public debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to continue to decline, standing below 100 
per cent. at the end of 2025.

--- Page 19 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 11 - 
70-41053780 
 
The labour market is expected to remain robust, in a context of continuing high employment and gains in 
average real wages, underpinning households’ disposable income. Employment is projected to increase by 
0.1 per cent. on average between 2023 and 2025. The unemployment rate is expected to increase to 7 per 
cent. in 2023 (close to that observed in 2018/19), taking into account recent developments and the lagged 
impact of the slowdown in activity over the course of 2022. In 2024/25 the unemployment rate is expected 
to decrease, standing at 6.7 per cent. at the end of 2025. 
The main downside risks to activity include the impact of monetary policy normalisation, the increase in 
financial market frictions and the escalation of the conflict in Ukraine. The recent tensions in financial 
markets pose an additional risk to economic activity the nature of which is uncertain in terms of its scale. 
In relation to inflation, the main risk relates to stronger and more persistent developments in domestic 
inflationary pressures. 
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact on: (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Notes under the 
Programme; (ii) the yield of Portuguese Government bonds, impacting the capital position of the Issuer; 
and (iii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on the business of the 
Issuer. 
Adverse macroeconomic conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely 
affect, the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. An 
unfavourable economic environment may affect the behaviour and the financial situation of the Issuer's 
clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and services that the Issuer has to offer. 
In particular, limited growth in customer loans is expected in the coming years, which may make it difficult 
for the Issuer to generate enough interest income to maintain its net interest margin.  
Furthermore, the reduction in the profitability of companies and the increase in corporate and personal 
insolvencies have had, and may continue to have, a negative influence on the ability of the Issuer's clients 
to pay back loans, and, consequently, could cause an increase in the ratio of overdue loans, reflecting a 
deterioration of the Issuer’s quality of assets.  
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of 
the Issuer. 
The impact of war in Ukraine on the Portuguese financial system 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 triggered the enforcement of economic sanctions on 
Russia globally (including by the European Union, United States of America and the United Kingdom) and 
a surge in various commodity prices, which have inevitably resulted in a change in the outlook for growth 
in activity and prices in most economies, albeit to differing extents. 
The consequences of  the invasion of Ukraine has direct and indirect implications on the banking system. 
At a high-level, the direct effects include the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to these 
geographies or to others interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which will also 
increase operational risk. 
In relation to the Banco Montepio Group more specifically, the potential direct impact of the war in terms 
of credit exposure to Ukraine and Russia is not significant, such exposure in relation to individuals with 
residence in either of the two countries amount to around €589 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (€47 
thousand as at 31 December 2021). 
Although the Issuer’s credit exposure directly impacted by the conflict is not significant, there are sectors 
of activity that are more exposed to the indirect impact of the war, namely through the marked increases in 
energy and commodity prices, as well as the disruptions in various supply chains. The Banco Montepio 
Group carried out an analysis which allowed the identification of the sectors of activity where it expects 
the indirect impact of the war to be more significant. The customers’ exposure in the identified sectors of 
activity amounted to €3,798 million. 
With regards to the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an adverse impact on the 
Banco Montepio Group's income statement due to lower activity resulting from increased uncertainty and 
higher credit risk, with potential consequences on impairment.

--- Page 20 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 12 - 
70-41053780 
 
With regards to net interest income, the impact is dependent upon market expectations about the future of 
interest rates and the European Central Bank’s (the "ECB") monetary policy decisions, in which the 
favourable effect of re-fixing loan portfolios indexed to EURIBOR rates may be countered by the negative 
consequences on default levels and, consequently, on loan impairment. At first, markets anticipated that 
the phasing out of the monetary policy incentives implemented by the ECB would be postponed in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the decisions taken by ECB most recently have changed this 
assessment, and a less accommodative monetary policy is now in place, given the impact of the military 
conflict on energy prices and, consequently, on inflation. 
In addition, exposure to the economies most impacted by the war by some systemic banking entities may 
bring about some disruptions to financial stability, and there is still considerable uncertainty surrounding 
the magnitude of such exposures and interconnections with other financial entities. 
All the above factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio 
Group's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks impacting global economy and markets  
COVID-19, reportedly first discovered in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, on 31 December 2019, was a 
new strain of Coronavirus that had not been previously identified in humans.  
Despite successful vaccination programmes in many countries, the risk to the global economy posed by 
further virus mutation continues. Another wave of infections due to virus mutations could result in a more 
widespread health crisis. Additionally, the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by 
governments, including lockdowns, have had financial consequences for corporations and individuals. 
These factors in combination may result in protracted volatility in the international markets and/or a severe 
and extended global recession because of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. 
This pandemic has had, and might still have, substantial worldwide negative effects. As such, the Issuer 
may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and any 
potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial negative effect on Portugal and the 
Portuguese economy. 
In the medium to long-term, if the spread of COVID-19 resurges or new strains of the virus (including 
strains against which current vaccinations are less effective) emerge, macroeconomic conditions may 
continue to be adversely affected, leading to further economic downturns in the markets in which the Issuer 
operates and in the global economy more broadly (and such downturns could be widespread, severe and 
lasting). The ability of the Issuer's customers and third-party providers to comply with their continuing 
obligations, including to the Issuer's, may also be materially adversely affected.  
The actions taken by governments and other relevant authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and any potential similar future outbreaks, including the imposition of quarantine, stay at home or 
mandatory business closures may reduce the ability of the Issuer and its clients to carry out their work. This 
may if such measures are re-introduced in the future, either directly or indirectly, have an impact on the 
global economy, the Issuer, its clients, investors and credit markets which in turn may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The moratoria enacted under the special aid scheme on certain contracts, including in relation to certain 
counterparties and consumers to decrease the risk of default in the short-term provided to households and 
companies in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic expired on 31 December 2021. The great majority of 
customers resumed debt payment service as planned on the date they adhered to the moratorium and as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus there is no increase in the credit risk or delinquencies on the portfolios that 
were subject to the moratoria, but there is still a high level of uncertainty as Banco Montepio cannot 
guarantee that prevailing market conditions will persist or return to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels 
in the future. If activity levels do not increase to pre-COVID-19 levels, activity and commission levels may 
continue to be affected and risks of default may increase. 
By the end of 2022, the aggregate value of the loans subject to a moratorium that had expired totalled 
€2,169 million, of which 89 per cent. were performing, representing 18.0 per cent. of the outstanding gross

--- Page 21 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 13 - 
70-41053780 
 
loans and advances to customers. Given the uncertainty around the impact of market agents' activity levels 
and whether or not they will recover to pre-COVID-19 levels, there may be an adverse effect of the business 
and profitability of Banco Montepio driven by the lower capacity of borrowers to honour debt service which 
may require reinforcement of impairments and the cost of credit risk might increase. 
Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial results, 
operations, profits and financial position. 
The Issuer is exposed to Credit risk 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to 
the credit risk of its counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans 
and amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses.  
The Issuer must comply with limitations on credit risk concentration. An exposure is classified as a large 
exposure when the liabilities of a counterparty (or such counterparty's group) represent 10 per cent. or more 
of Banco Montepio's Tier 1 Capital. As at 31 December 2022, none of Banco Montepio's exposure to a 
counterparty (or such counterparty’s group) was above this level. The total exposure of Banco Montepio to 
a counterparty (or such counterparty's group) cannot exceed 25 per cent. of Banco Montepio's Tier 1 
Capital. As at 31 December 2022, none of Banco Montepio's exposures exceeded such level. 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on credit to qualified shareholders. The total exposure of Banco 
Montepio to a qualified shareholder cannot exceed 10 per cent. of Banco Montepio's own funds and the 
global value of exposures to qualified shareholders cannot be greater than 30 per cent. of such own funds. 
As at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio did not have any exposure to a qualified shareholder exceeding 
such limit. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration 
in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could 
affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's 
provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group and 
on the results of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's operations. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades and 
disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and 
illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business 
and results. 
As at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio's total credit risk exposure was €18,271 million (€17,188 million 
as at 31 December 2021). The balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) amounted to €631 million 
as at 31 December 2022 (€951 million (restated) as at 31 December 2021), representing 5.2 per cent. (7.8 
per cent. (restated) as at 31 December 2021) of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers. 
An increase in NPEs would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality metrics and adversely impact 
the Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPEs. 
The Issuer's activity is subject to market risk 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments 
which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets. 
The Issuer's net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted by market risks. It 
is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effect 
that such changes could have on the Issuer's financial condition and on the results of its operations.

--- Page 22 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 14 - 
70-41053780 
 
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity 
price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin 
between lending and borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The performance 
of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes 
are aggregated by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest 
rate mismatch is calculated. As at 31 December 2022, the interest rate gap was €7,327 million compared to 
€3,836 million as at 31 December 2021. 
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies 
through active money markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing 
exchange rate gaps are essentially due to possible mismatches between the periods of the application of 
funds and of the resources. 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on equity participations in relation to own funds. Direct and 
indirect participating interests held by Banco Montepio in the share capital of entities not subject to Banco 
de Portugal's supervision cannot exceed 15 per cent. (individually) and 60 per cent. (in aggregate) of Banco 
Montepio's own funds. Participating interests and non-participating interests are, for the purposes of Banco 
de Portugal's regulations, distinguished essentially by determining the period of time over which the interest 
is to be held or is intended to be held. An interest will be defined as "participating" if there is a sufficient 
degree of permanence in such holding. As at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio did not hold any 
participating interest, directly or indirectly, in the share capital of any such entities which exceeded such 
limits. 
The Issuer must comply with limitations on participating interests in relation to the share capital of certain 
companies. The direct and indirect participating interests to be held for three years or more by Banco 
Montepio in non- financial entities are limited to 25 per cent. of the voting rights in the share capital of such 
non-financial entities. As at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, 
directly or indirectly, exceeding such limit. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer's investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity. 
The most relevant exposures of the Issuer are in relation to Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt. 
Please refer to the risk factor headed "Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk" for additional information. 
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates which may have an impact on loan growth and on the 
net interest income 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies 
implemented by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Overall, 
Central banks' interest rate cuts could lead to a compression of net interest margin and significant drops in 
interest rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income, with a low interest 
rate environment making it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could 
lead to certain borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-
performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 with the Russia-
Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate 
the removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate markets 
and in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective of a sharp increase in 
interest rates has generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s 
ability to originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its 
customers.

--- Page 23 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 15 - 
70-41053780 
 
After almost 7 years of negative Euribor rates, on 21 July 2022, the ECB decided to raise euro interest rates 
by 50 basis points, i.e. 0.5 percentage points, in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the 
eurozone. However, Euribor rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-
month rate turned positive in April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in 
June and mid-July 2022, respectively. On 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to 
further raise euro interest rates by 75 basis points in each meeting, and on each of the meetings on 15 
December 2022, 2 February 2023 and 16 March 2023 decided to further raise rates by 50 basis points, 
having increased 25 basis points in the last meeting on 4 May 2023, totalling a 375 basis points aggregated 
increase since July 2022. The ECB is expected to raise interest rates further since inflation remains high. 
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or 
net interest income. As at 31 December 2022, a shift in interest rates by 1.0 percentage point would have 
led to an increase in the expected economic value of the bank portfolio of approximately €44.2 million, 
compared with a reduction of €88.2 million as at 31 December 2021. 
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in response 
to changes in rates on its interest-bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a result of 
economic or other reasons, the Issuer's interest income margins would be adversely affected, which may 
negatively affect its business, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk that the Issuer may be unable to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or 
from the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk). 
The Issuer's practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB's 
Eligibility Criteria. 
The ECB makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including pledging 
eligible collateral. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a €5,931 million portfolio of assets eligible for 
Eurosystem monetary policy operations, of which €3,376 million were encumbered (€2,999 million related 
to ECB funding and the remaining €376 million to other funding sources). The total funding obtained by 
the Issuer from the ECB amounted to €2,890 million as at 31 December 2022, corresponding entirely to 
funds raised under the TLTRO-III ("Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations"). 
Although the monetary policy followed by the ECB in past years has contributed to improving the liquidity 
conditions of European banks (namely (i) the interest rate reduction on the third targeted longer-term 
refinancing operations programme ("TLTRO III"); (ii) improved financing and liquidity packages; and 
(iii) the package of collateral easing measures to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic), the ECB is now 
removing the monetary stimulus given the rise in inflation. This will require the Issuer to find alternative 
funding sources, some of which may be more costly or may not be available at all, or to dispose of assets 
at a potentially significant discount in relation to their respective book values, with a corresponding negative 
impact on the Issuer’s capital position and results of operations. Additionally, any sudden change could 
also have a material effect on the financial markets and the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, including its 
public debt portfolio. 
The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
Litigation and Conduct risks 
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and 
regulatory requirements, ethical issues, and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds strategic 
investments or joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the 
amount of damages asserted against Banco Montepio, or subject Banco Montepio to regulatory enforcement 
actions, fines and penalties. Banco Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, in particular: 
(i) 
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority 
(Autoridade da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that 
Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the

--- Page 24 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 16 - 
70-41053780 
 
exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 
May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and imposed 
on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million; and 
(ii) 
the Banco de Portugal has instituted various administrative proceedings against Banco Montepio 
for alleged breaches of regulatory requirements. The Banco de Portugal has issued summary 
decisions against Banco Montepio in some of these proceedings, whereas others are in a 
preliminary phase. Where defendants have not provided evidence to support their claims, it is 
difficult to assess the risk of a finding against Banco Montepio. The Issuer has assessed an 
aggregate level of potential fines in respect of these proceedings to be approximately €1.6 million. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above described 
proceedings. For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see "Description of the Issuer 
– Legal and arbitration proceedings". Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such legal or 
regulatory proceedings or an unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely affect the 
Issuer's business, reputation and operating results. 
The Issuer's activity is subject to reputational risk 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts on 
the Issuer resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among 
customers, suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may 
be related, or even public opinion in general. 
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could 
materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or 
prospects. 
Risks related to Banco Montepio’s International Activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. ("Finibanco Angola") and Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. ("Banco 
MG Cabo Verde") (the latter until 30 September 2022, when the process of dissolution and voluntary 
liquidation was completed), and through the representative offices. 
The Issuer believes its operation in Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse 
political, governmental or economic developments in Angola. On 4 October 2022, Montepio Holding 
agreed the sale of its  stake  in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A to Access Bank Plc, a Nigerian 
commercial bank. The accounting derecognition of this financial participation will only occur with the 
completion of the abovementioned sale, which is expected to happen during the course of 2023.  
In addition, the Issuer's operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Often, 
these regulations are complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of 
applicable regulations may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of 
licences to operate. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its 
operating results. 
Risks related to a downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they 
mature, are an important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer had been assigned a rating of: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of "B" with 
positive outlook and Short Term Issuer Default Rating of "B" by Fitch; Baseline Credit Assessment of "b1" 
by Moody's and Long Term Issuer Rating of "B(high)” with stable trend and Short Term Issuer Rating of 
"R-4" with stable trend by DBRS. The ratings assigned to the Issuer by Fitch indicate that material default 
risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains, that financial commitments are currently being met, 
however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic

--- Page 25 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 17 - 
70-41053780 
 
environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's indicates that the Issuer is judged to be 
speculative, and is subject to high credit risk absent any possibility of extraordinary support from an affiliate 
or a government. The rating assigned to the Issuer by DBRS indicates that the Issuer is of speculative credit 
quality and there is a level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. A downgrade of 
the Issuer's credit ratings, or being placed on a negative rating watch, may increase its cost of borrowing 
and have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects. 
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its 
ability to raise funding or capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or 
the credit ratings of the Notes (if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, 
ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors may 
affect the value of the Notes. 
Information on the ratings granted to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the 
preceding paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer's rating, is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/ratings). 
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating agency 
methodologies relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the perception by 
ratings agencies of the Issuer's rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain 
the Issuer's current ratings or outlooks or those of Portugal. 
Furthermore, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as 
pandemics) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A 
reduction in the Issuer's credit ratings would increase its costs of funding and could have a materially 
adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's business, reputation, financial condition 
and results, operations or prospects. 
Risks related to Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk 
The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that Portugal may fail to meet its 
fiscal targets, combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth potential of the domestic 
economy, may result in an increase in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese public debt securities in 
secondary debt markets and restrict access of the Portuguese Republic to primary debt markets. Such risk 
could be exacerbated by reduced confidence in international financial markets or be triggered by weak 
performance in the domestic economy or adverse developments in the local political environment. 
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the 
Issuer's liquidity position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer's pool of assets 
eligible for discount at the ECB, in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer's capacity to increase 
its loan and asset portfolio. This could have a negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and 
operating results of the Issuer. This scenario could be further aggravated by persistent volatility in the 
financial sector and capital markets or by financial difficulties, including the possible default of one or more 
financial institutions or sovereigns, which could lead to significant liquidity problems in the market in 
general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions. 
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and other 
markets. The most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to sovereign debt, namely Italian followed 
by Spanish and Portuguese, as comprised in its own securities portfolio. As at 31 December 2022, the 
exposure of the Issuer to foreign sovereign debt was €3,078 million, with €40.1 million in fair value through 
other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €3,038 million in other financial assets at amortised 
cost portfolio (bonds issued by foreign public entities). As at 31 December 2022, the exposure of the Issuer 
to Portuguese sovereign debt was €1,100 million, with €18.4 million in fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €1,081 million in other financial assets at amortised cost 
portfolio (bonds issued by public entities – domestic). These positions could be adversely affected by 
volatility in sovereign debt creating a risk of substantial losses.

--- Page 26 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 18 - 
70-41053780 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds amounted 
to -€1.0 million compared to +€15.9 million as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2022, there were 
no capital gains obtained on the sale of foreign sovereign bonds compared to +€0.9 million as at 31 
December 2021. There is a risk that the Issuer may not receive these capital gains in the future or even that 
losses may be recognised in the future if market appetite for Portuguese securities turns subdued compared 
to other peripheral economies. 
Risks related to Concentration risk and exposure to the real estate market 
The Issuer has credit exposure to certain groups of clients. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's top 10 
client group credit exposures represented 5.6 per cent. of the Issuer's total credit exposure (which includes 
Gross loans and advances to customers in the aggregate amount of €12,068 million, guarantees and sureties 
provided in the aggregate amount of €462 million and irrevocable credit facilities amounting to €721 
million). 
In particular, the Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its exposure 
to the Portuguese real estate market through mortgage loans, loans granted to construction companies, 
assets obtained in lieu of payment (disclosed as "Non-current assets held for sale" and "Other assets" in its 
balance sheet), properties securing loans or related to its operations, funding of real estate development 
projects and through the exposure to real estate funds which are majority owned by the Issuer (disclosed in 
the Issuer's balance sheet as "Investment Properties"), as well as real estate fund units (unidades de 
participação) held in its own portfolio. 
The total value of Investment properties (propriedades de investimento) held by the Issuer as at 31 
December 2022 amounted to €72.7 million (€102.9 million as at 31 December 2021) being comprised of 
real estate properties held by various funds which are consolidated into the results of the Banco Montepio 
Group and properties held by SSAGIncentive – Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, 
S.A. 
The Issuer's Assets received in recovery of credit (including Impairment for assets received in recovery of 
credit) amounted to €324 million as at 31 December 2022 (€465 million as at 31 December 2021) and 
included buildings and other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) 
delivery of the assets, with option to repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the contract 
or the promise to deliver the asset and the respective irrevocable power of attorney issued by the customer 
in the name of the Issuer; or (ii) the adjudication of the assets as a result of a judicial process of guarantees 
execution, accounted with the title of adjudication or following the adjudication request after the record of 
the first (payment pro solvendo). According to the Issuer's expectation, these assets are expected to be sold 
in a period of less than one year and the Issuer has a strategy for its sale. Nevertheless, given prevailing 
market conditions, and although those assets are intended to be sold as soon as possible, in some situations 
the Issuer's expectations may not be fulfilled. 
The participation units (unidades de participação) of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer's 
variable-income securities – investment units amounted to €58.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (€111.3 
million as at 31 December 2021). 
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature 
of the Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from 
current levels. 
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events and a general 
slowdown in global economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, 
a downward adjustment in prices. In addition, events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural 
disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as pandemics) or the fear of 
such crises in a particular region may weaken economic conditions and could lead to a decline in the real 
estate values of the real estate properties located in the regions affected by such events. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in 
the assets held directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured 
on real estate collateral. Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and 
any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results, operations or prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 19 - 
70-41053780 
 
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk 
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of assets 
or from a decrease of income from those assets. 
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the 
management of Banco Montepio's pension fund. In addition, the Risk Division produces monthly reports 
on the evolution of the market value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators. 
As at 31 December 2022, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements recognised in the other comprehensive 
income of the pension fund amounted to €135.3 million (€273.8 million as at 31 December 2021). 
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to make 
additional payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio's pension fund constitutional 
documents, which, depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's 
business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects. 
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being 
determined using financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may 
change over time 
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not 
limited to, scoring models used to assess clients' (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans granted 
by the Banco Montepio Group. Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal 
models and to adapt them to constantly changing market conditions, these models do not exclude the 
possibility of Banco Montepio incurring losses associated with factors not foreseen or contemplated in the 
model's respective parameters or methodology.  
This could have an adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial condition and results, 
operations or prospects. 
Risks related to Deferred Tax Assets Regime 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets ("DTAs") of €413.6 million (€459.9 
million as at 31 December 2021), of which €58.7 million were not dependent on future profitability (€61.1 
million as at 31 December 2021). 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of DTAs, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects. 
Pursuant to current legislation (Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended)), if the Issuer incurs losses on 
an individual basis, there is the risk that the Portuguese Government will become a shareholder of Banco 
Montepio by virtue of the conversion of some DTA into ordinary shares. Taking into consideration that 
Banco Montepio registered a negative net income on an individual basis in 2020, following the approval of 
the annual accounts by the governing bodies and in accordance with the provisions of Law no. 61/2014, of 
26 August (as amended), in 2021 a partial portion of the deferred tax assets resulting from non-deduction 
of expenses and deductions of assets value resulting from loan impairment losses and post-employment or 
long-term employee benefits was converted into tax credits, for which purpose a special reserve 
corresponding to 110 per cent. of its amount was set up. 
Accordingly, in accordance with Article 8 of the annex to Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended), in 
2022 Banco Montepio created a special reserve in the amount of €5.1 million, corresponding to a tax credit 
of €4.6 million, which on 31 December 2022 was included in the calculation of the total current tax assets. 
These amounts may be changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs 
Authority (Autoridade Tributária e Aduaneira).

--- Page 28 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 20 - 
70-41053780 
 
Risks related to IT and Telecommunications Systems risk, risk of internal and external fraud, crime, 
cybercrime, or other types of misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information technology 
("IT") systems, as a result the failure of computer or telecommunications systems could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer. Given the high volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain 
errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings 
or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, employees or systems, including any of the Issuer's financial, 
accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to the Issuer's 
reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, the Issuer's ability to conduct 
business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its operations and the 
communities in which it does business. 
IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centres. IT systems need regular upgrading and banks, 
including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may 
fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry operations from cyberattacks 
could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive information. A breach of sensitive 
customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant reputational impact and significant legal 
and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and 
complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers. 
Failure of the Issuer's IT systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) obligations and 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations 
or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of 
misconduct by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third 
party service providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in 
breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal 
proceedings or reputational damage. 
The Issuer may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts 
by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit 
fraud through electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer 
(including with respect to clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions 
processed through these systems) are a growing threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to 
technology — including cyber security — change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. 
Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future 
attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Issuer may 
as a result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing 
that data is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack may take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations 
and administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to 
be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may 
not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates, especially considering the entry 
into force on 25 May 2018 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the 
European Parliament and of the council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard 
to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive

--- Page 29 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 21 - 
70-41053780 
 
95/46/EC). Thus, data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other 
than those authorised by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or 
employees of companies of the Issuer). 
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution 
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of 
resolution measures into the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime 
Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras ("RGICSF") regulated by the Decree-Law 
298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended). 
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree 
Law no. 114-B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the 
Directives 2014/49/EU of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (as amended, "BRRD"). Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December, transposed Directive 2019 (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards 
the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998 ("BRRD II"). 
A Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") has been introduced including a single resolution board ("SRB") 
and a single fund for the resolution of banks. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010) and the BRRD. 
Banco de Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its 
implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or 
regulation. Therefore, the Issuer cannot anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which proportion, 
as well as if there could be an impact on the Issuer's results and financial position. 
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities regime ("MREL") requires the issue of 
new senior debt with a subordination structure or strengthening of Tier 2 capital. The implementation of 
the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will have implications on the issue of debt by bank 
institutions, which will lead to changes in the liability structure. 
The Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 transposed to Portuguese law the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 December 2017, as regards the ranking of certain debt 
instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. This law grants a full depositor preference in bank insolvency and 
resolution proceedings against senior debt and introduced a new class of debt, the senior non-preferred debt, 
that will rank below preferential senior debt, but above subordinated debt. Additionally, under the final 
rules to be implemented following the European Commission’s proposal, in April 2023, to adjust and 
further strengthen the existing EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework, the ranking 
in insolvency of depositors may be further changed or enhanced. 
In accordance with Portuguese law, financial institutions are required to meet MREL requirements set by 
Banco de Portugal. Banco Montepio has already been notified by Banco de Portugal regarding the MREL 
requirements to be met which are as follows: 
(a) 
MREL requirement to be met permanently by Banco Montepio from 1 January 2022 onwards, 
based on its consolidated financial position, of 5.33 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure 
("LRE"); 
(b) 
MREL requirement as a percentage of total risk weighted assets ("RWA") shall be met during a 
transition period ending on 1 January 2025;

--- Page 30 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 22 - 
70-41053780 
 
(c) 
Determination of an intermediate target, that expired on 1 January 2022, in which Banco Montepio, 
based on its consolidated financial position, had to comply with a MREL requirement set at 13.67 
per cent. of RWA; 
(d) 
From 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2025, there is an indicative MREL level, based on the 
consolidated financial position of Banco Montepio, which increases on the first day of each year, 
starting on 1 January 2022 with a mandatory requirement of 13.67 per cent., until it reaches 20.77 
per cent., plus the combined buffer requirements (2.76 per cent. as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus), which must be met from 1 January 2025; and 
(e) 
No minimum subordination requirement has been applied. 
The MREL requirement determined by the Banco de Portugal is based on the applicable legislation and is 
therefore subject to being updated from time to time. 
As of 1 January 2022, Banco Montepio complied with the intermediate MREL requirement set for that date, 
both as a percentage of the RWA (with a ratio of 14.7 per cent.) and as a percentage of the LRE (with a 
ratio of 6.4 per cent.). 
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting 
its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to 
restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without 
limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's 
earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, if they include convertibility features. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse 
market conditions or to investors' negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply 
with the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above-mentioned 
instruments, there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those 
instruments at a higher premium. The non-compliance with MREL requirements or the issue of MREL 
instruments at a higher premium could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, the breach of which could 
cause damage to the Issuer 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer's banking activities are subject to extensive 
regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, Banco de Portugal, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), 
the European and Securities Markets Authority ("ESMA") and the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission ("CMVM", Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory 
authorities from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities. These regulations relate 
to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, bribery and 
terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) issuance and 
offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices. 
Activity, liquidity, and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer limit its ability to advance 
loans to customers and may require it to issue additional capital in the future. This may affect the Issuer’s 
future activities, its results and the cost and ability to obtain funds that could be classified as own funds, 
and the repayment of the existing subordinated debt. 
Pressure to comply with activity, liquidity, and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer could 
force the Issuer to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms, thus leading to a 
materially adverse impact on its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or 
prospects. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails 
significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including 
adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure 
compliance with applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all 
applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as

--- Page 31 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 23 - 
70-41053780 
 
extended to the Issuer, are applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material 
adverse effects on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the 
Issuer's reputation, the application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in the 
financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to 
continue. Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and more 
stringent capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well 
as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions on certain 
types of activities or transactions. 
In addition, new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer 
participates, or cause a change in the fees or commissions that the Issuer charges on certain loans or other 
products; consequently, any changes in regulation or supervision, particularly in Portugal, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer’s control. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. A potential further 
alignment by the Bank of Portugal to the ECB's regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in 
certain areas, such as capital requirements and acceleration of NPE disposals, which may, in turn, have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group’s results and financial position. Further 
changes or difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax or variations in the interpretation 
of laws, regulations and guidelines might negatively affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the 
European Council, and the European Parliament (together, the “European Authorities”), by the Bank of 
Portugal and by the ECB has had, and could further have, a significant impact on the Issuer’s capital 
structure and financial position. 
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions 
regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These 
measures may have a significant impact on the Issuer's capital and on its respective assets and liabilities 
management. 
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a 
minimum total capital ratio of 8 per cent., in each case of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"). 
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the Issuer may limit 
its ability to advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or subordinated 
debt in the future, which are expensive sources of funding. 
CRD V and CRR II introduced a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, the 
implementation of the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"), a changed framework for interest rate risk and 
changes to the treatment of trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, 
liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU's recovery and resolution framework. 
Most of the provisions of CRD V were required to be transposed into national law by 28 December 2020, 
with application immediately thereafter. CRD V was transposed into domestic law in 2022 through Law 
no. 23-A/2022, of 9 de December. 
The November 2016 Proposals also include phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 
9 and the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework. The impact of changes to the IFRS,

--- Page 32 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 24 - 
70-41053780 
 
such as IFRS 9, cannot always be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in the fair values and 
impairments of financial instruments resulting from the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition, results, operations and, if such changes are significant, 
also on its prospects. For more information, see risk factor headed "Basel Committee: potential impact of 
Basel IV requirements". 
Requirements related to capital ratios may affect profitability 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio's minimum capital ratio requirements under Pillar 
1, on a consolidated basis, are: 4.5 per cent. for CET1, 6.0 per cent. for Tier 1 and 8.0 per cent. for Total 
Capital. 
Under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), Banco de Portugal determined for Banco 
Montepio an additional 3.25 per cent. 
The Issuer’s Overall Capital Requirements ("OCR") determined by Banco de Portugal include the 
Combined Buffer Requirements ("CBR") in addition to the Pillar 1 and SREP. The CBR are comprised of 
(i) a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets comprised of CET1 Capital, (ii) a 
countercyclical capital buffer between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 
Capital, pursuant to the conditions to be established by the competent authorities, and (iii) a systemic risk 
buffer applicable to Other Systemically Important Institutions ("O-SII"): between 0 and 3 per cent. of risk-
weighted assets, comprised of CET1 Capital. 
The counter-cyclical capital buffer corresponds to an additional buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
that should be built up to protect the banking sector in periods when risks of system-wide stress are growing 
due to excessive credit growth. Banco de Portugal is responsible for setting and disclosing, on a quarterly 
basis, the countercyclical buffer rate that applies to all credit institutions and investment firms with credit 
exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector. The rate shall be set between 0 per cent. and 2.5 per 
cent. (of the total risk exposure amount), unless exceptional circumstances justify the setting of a higher 
rate.  Banco de Portugal discloses the countercyclical buffer rate decision on its website (at 
https://www.bportugal.pt/en/page/countercyclical-capital-buffer) on a quarterly basis. At its most recent 
revision, on 14 March 2023, Banco de Portugal determined a countercyclical capital buffer rate of 0 per 
cent. to be in force as from 1 April 2023. The information contained through the hyperlink in this paragraph 
is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by 
the Prospectus Regulation and is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The risk buffer applicable to O-SII is one of the instruments that the Banco de Portugal can use to pursue 
an intermediate goal of macroprudential policy, namely, to mitigate the build-up of systemic risk arising 
from misaligned incentives and moral hazard. It is revised annually or if a significant restructuring process 
occurs, such as a merger or acquisition. 
Banco de Portugal publishes the names of the banking groups identified as O-SIIs on its website (at 
https://www.bportugal.pt/en/page/o-sii-capital-buffer). The Issuer has been classified as an O-SII and the 
buffer shall consist of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis of 0.25 per cent. as at 1 January 2023. The 
information contained through the hyperlink in this paragraph is considered to be additional information to 
be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the Prospectus Regulation and is not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Banco de Portugal may also determine the application of a systemic risk reserve to all or a subset of the 
exposures, between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, depending on 
the economic situation, comprised by Common Equity Tier 1 capital, to prevent or reduce systemic or 
macro-prudential risks not covered (i) by Regulation (EU) No. No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013, or (ii) by countercyclical and Global Systemically Important Institutions 
("G-SII") or O-SII reserves; and where such risks are likely to disrupt the financial system with potential 
severe consequences for the financial system and the national economy. 
In view of the above-mentioned, Banco Montepio is required to comply with the capital ratio requirements 
(on a consolidated basis) of 9.085 per cent. for CET1, 11.194 per cent. for Tier 1 and 14.006 per cent. for 
Total capital. As of 31 December 2022, the Total Capital ratio of the Issuer, on a consolidated and fully 
implemented basis was 15.7 per cent. (14.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021), the Tier 1 ratio was 13.2 per 
cent. and the CET1 ratio was 13.2 per cent.

--- Page 33 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 25 - 
70-41053780 
 
In order to meet OCR requirements, the Issuer may need to raise capital, issue Tier 1 or Tier 2 eligible 
instruments, impacting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides 
having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities 
in particular, without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively 
affect the Issuer's earnings. 
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions 
The current legislation in Portugal, Decree-Law 3/2010, of 5 January 2010, prohibits charges for the 
provision of payment services and for operations at ATMs. The law prohibits the collection of charges by 
credit institutions for cash withdrawals, deposits or service payments at ATMs, as well as the collection of 
charges by beneficiaries of payment services for payment transactions via automatic payment terminals. 
Law 53/2020, of 26 August, extended this legislation on 26 August 2020, and came into effect on 1 January 
2021, to impose limits on the collection of commissions by payment service providers for withdrawals of 
funds, payments of services or transfers, in or through payment applications operated by third parties (e.g. 
MBWay or PayPal), websites or in a merchant shop and for issuing virtual cards for secure purchases on 
websites and codes for cash withdrawals at ATMs. Additionally, new legislation was introduced, Law 
57/2020, of 28 August, which came into effect on 1 January 2021. This new legislation has introduced rules 
for the protection of consumers of financial services in banking commissioning, housing credit and 
consumer credit, which prohibits imposing additional commission for certain activities. Law 44/2020, of 
19 August, amended the basic bank account commissioning terms and conditions in order to offer to these 
current account holders low-cost access to a set of banking services considered essential. 
Other similar or broader initiatives may arise in the future, the content and range of which is still unknown, 
that may impose more limits to commissions charged by banks, including the Issuer, which may adversely 
affect the business and performance of the Issuer. 
Borrower's protection laws 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; 
and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures 
that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to: (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower's 
protection are expected to continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers limits the Issuer's rights to 
deal with defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. 
Basel Committee: potential impact of Basel IV requirements 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") published a package of 
proposed reforms for the global regulatory framework of banking industry which is frequently referred to 
as "Basel IV". The BCBS's aim is to make the capital framework more robust and to improve confidence 
in the system. 
The BCBS has proposed reforms which are designed to make banks more resilient and increase confidence 
in the banking system. The Basel IV proposals announced recently include updates to the ways banks 
calculate their capital requirements ratios with the aim of making outcomes more comparable across banks 
globally. 
The framework will now be considered by lawmakers in national jurisdictions and at the EU level. As part 
of this process, national or EU authorities must decide on the use of a limited number of alternative 
calculations allowed under the BCBS proposal, so called "national options and discretions". 
The BCBS proposed a nine-year implementation timetable. A five-year "phase-in" period was previously 
expected to commence on 1 January 2022, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2027. In light

--- Page 34 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 26 - 
70-41053780 
 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, the BCBS revised the timeline with the "phase-in" period commencing on 1 
January 2025, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2030. 
There is still a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel IV implementation, and subsequently 
how and when it will be implemented in the EU. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the 
impact on the future capital requirements of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under the CRD IV, institutions may be subject to restrictions in relation to making 
"discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly as payments relating to CET1 capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall 
in meeting its capital buffer requirements or a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities. If the Issuer's ability to make discretionary payments becomes subject to such 
restrictions, this could have an impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding 
(including but not limited to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
On 23 November 2016, the EU Commission proposed substantial changes to the CRD IV, the CRR, the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (as amended, the "BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
framework (the "November 2016 Proposals"). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted by the 
Council on 14 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the EU, as follows: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (as amended, the 
"BRRD II"); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II"). 
Both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II foreseen transposition date was 
on or before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II applying from 28 December 2020. 
BRRD II was transposed into domestic law through Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 de December (which amended 
RGICSF). 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") introduce a new approach for the measurement of 
counterparty credit risk, the implementation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"), a changed 
framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of trading book exposures, in addition to other 
amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU's recovery and resolution 
framework. CRD V was transposed into domestic law through Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 de December 
(which amended RGICSF). 
CRR II came into effect on 28 June 2021, subject to certain applications and exemptions, such as those 
relating to the transitional arrangements for International Financial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial 
Instruments ("IFRS 9") and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments. The impact of changes 
to the IFRS, such as IFRS 9, cannot always be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in the fair 
values and impairments of financial instruments resulting from the above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition, results, operations and, if such changes are 
significant, also on its prospects. 
Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and more 
demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely manner.

--- Page 35 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 27 - 
70-41053780 
 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Banco de Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo ("BES"), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, S.A. 
("Novobanco"), specifically set up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by 
Decree-law 31- A/2012, of 10 February 2012 (the "Resolution Fund"). The Resolution Fund is funded by 
contributions from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from the 
Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million 
corresponded to the Resolution Fund's own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted 
by the Portuguese State (the "2014 Portuguese State Loan"), €700 million from a loan granted by a group 
of credit institutions that are members of the Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the "Participants' 
Loan"). As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's share of the Participants' Loan was €70 million. 
The Issuer's pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer's 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. This number varies over time and it is very difficult to 
determine the Issuer's exact participation at any given point in time. 
In 2021, the total contribution amount to the Resolution Fund totalled €77.9 million (€72.0 million in 2020), 
which represented an increase of €5.9 million compared to the previous year, of which approximately 6.0 
per cent. (6.2 per cent. in 2020) were contributions from the Issuer. In 2022, the contribution of the Issuer 
amounted to €5.1 million. 
In relation to the contributions from the Portuguese banking sector, in accordance with the available data, 
in 2021 it amounted to €186.8 million (€177.7 million in 2020), of which approximately 5.5 per cent. (6.1 
per cent. in 2020) was paid by the Issuer). In 2022, the contribution of the Issuer amounted to €12.3 million. 
In 2021 the periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition amounted to €133.1 
million (€128.2 million in 2020), of which approximately 5.8 per cent. (4.8 per cent. in 2020) was paid by 
the Issuer, which included the contributions collected under the combined terms of the scheme transposing 
BRRD and the SRM Regulation from the institutions covered by the SRM. This amount was therefore 
almost entirely transferred to the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") in accordance with the Intergovernmental 
Agreement and is not included in the calculation of the funding sources of the Resolution Fund. Excluded 
from the transfer to the SRF is only the amount paid to the Resolution Fund by the participating institutions 
that do not fall within the scope of the SRM, which amounted to 6 thousand euros. In 2022, the payment of 
the Issuer under the BRRD periodic contribution scheme amounted to €8.4 million. 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
("Banif") cannot be anticipated, as there is the risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation 
while both resolutions are not totally settled. 
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice 
investors' and economic agents' positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a 
participant thereto. 
Requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and 
medium/long-term liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (“NSFR”). 
The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a 
severe stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of the 
European Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to 
maintain, in their own portfolio, high quality liquid assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash 
outflows in the following 30 days. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's LCR was 249.6 per cent. (264.1 
per cent. as at 31 December 2021), above the 100 per cent. minimum regulatory requirement in force since 
1 January 2018. 
The NSFR seeks to establish a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding based on the liquidity 
characteristics of an institution's assets and activities over one year period. As at 31 December 2022, the

--- Page 36 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 28 - 
70-41053780 
 
Issuer's NSFR stood at 125.0 per cent. (125.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021), above the 100 per cent. 
minimum regulatory requirement that will be in force. 
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with highly liquid 
assets but low profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs, since the ratios 
increase favours the long-term financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's results. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those 
features: 
Risks relating to Reset Notes 
The interest rate on Reset Notes (as defined in the Conditions) will reset on each Reset Date, which can be 
expected to affect the interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value 
of Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date and with such sum converted as described in the definition of First Reset Rate of 
Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset 
Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Reset Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Notes may, subject as provided in the Conditions, be redeemed before their Maturity Date (i) at any time 
for taxation reasons in accordance with Condition 5(c); (ii) if Call Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the sole discretion of the Issuer on any Optional Redemption Date; (iii) if Clean-Up Call Option 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set 
out in Condition 5(k), and where the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been redeemed, at their Clean-up Call Option Amount (which 
shall be applicable to all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes), together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption); or (iv) in respect of (a) 
Subordinated Notes only, at any time following the occurrence of a Capital Event, and (b) Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes, at any time following the occurrence of an MREL Event 
– in each case at their Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option 
Amount, as applicable, together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect, or is perceived to be able to elect, to redeem Notes, the market 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, certain Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default. Noteholders may not

--- Page 37 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 29 - 
70-41053780 
 
be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early intervention 
or resolution measure under the RGICSF 
Noteholders have a very limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, certain Ordinary Senior Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, certain Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, 
except in the case that (i) an order is made by any competent court commencing bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer or for its winding up or dissolution, or the Issuer institutes such proceedings, 
suspends payments or makes a general arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or (ii) an order is made 
or an effective resolution is passed by the Issuer's shareholders for the winding-up of the Issuer. 
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant 
to the RGICSF. The adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an 
event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in 
respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this 
does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure and does not 
necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to the 
RGICSF. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to 
the relevant provisions of the BRRD in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant 
to such procedure. Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the 
application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the RGICSF. There can be no assurance that the 
taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the 
enforcement by a Noteholders of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default 
may be limited in these circumstances. 
The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be 
redeemed prior to maturity upon a Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event, as 
applicable 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has 
been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving an irrevocable notice 
to Noteholders at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, upon a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or 
following the occurrence of an MREL Event (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain 
Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior 
Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant 
Final Terms upon a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon an MREL Event (in the case 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes), as applicable, will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority (as defined in the Conditions) if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in the Conditions) and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.  
There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority will give its consent or approval to any such 
redemption. Noteholders should be aware that the consent or approval of the Competent Authority will 
depend, amongst other things, on the capital adequacy of the Issuer at the relevant time.  
It is not possible to predict whether or not Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
will or may qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments (see "–The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty") or if any 
further change in the laws or regulations of Portugal, the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL 
Requirements or in the application or official interpretation thereof will occur and whether such change

--- Page 38 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 30 - 
70-41053780 
 
may lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem such Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to 
redeem such Notes or if any prior consent of the Competent Authority, if required, will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption 
due to a Capital Event) or pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Redemption due to an MREL Event) are likely to 
limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may redeem the Notes or is perceived 
to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any 
time where there is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes 
early. The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be MREL-Eligible 
Instruments (as defined in the Conditions) under the MREL Requirements. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may 
be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If for any reasons the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior 
Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms are not MREL-
Eligible Instruments or if they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible 
due to a change in Portuguese law or the MREL Requirements, then an MREL Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) will occur, with the consequences indicated in the Conditions. See "— The Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity upon a 
Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event". 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their nominal amount tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as the Reference Rate) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer

--- Page 39 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 31 - 
70-41053780 
 
or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations in 
a specified interest rate benchmark. Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such 
as EURIBOR, which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value 
of such financial instruments ("Benchmarks"), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and 
changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause 
a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the 
performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
(i) 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide 
that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its 
successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent, 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the 
continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and 
the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original 
Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the 
Conditions). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
appointed is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer 
may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum

--- Page 40 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 32 - 
70-41053780 
 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest and the 
application of any Adjustment Spread may result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
(iii) 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or each of the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the 
Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) is unable to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively, will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the Issuer) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect 
of any given Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, it will continue to attempt to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the Initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there 
is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser (and the 
Issuer, as the case may be) fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of 
the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will 
continue to apply to maturity. Further, the Conditions provide that no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Competent Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-

--- Page 41 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 33 - 
70-41053780 
 
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. This also risks the Floating Rate Notes in effect becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest 
may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of 
quotations from certain banks. If EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen 
rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions 
may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely 
affect the value of, and return of the Floating Rate Notes. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes (with 
characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL Eligible Instruments upon issuance) 
will have limited remedies 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any payment of principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Instruments upon issuance) will be the institution of proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer and/or 
proving in any winding up of the Issuer. As such, the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Instruments upon issuance) are more limited than those typically available to 
holders of senior-ranking securities, including Ordinary Senior Notes, which may make enforcement more 
difficult. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and the 
Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments upon issuance) 
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of Portuguese taxes on any payments under the terms of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable 
of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) applies only to payments of interest and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with 
characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) to 
the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable 
of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), Noteholders may receive less than the full 
amount of principal due under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary 
Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
upon issuance) upon redemption, and the market value of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-
Eligible Instruments upon issuance) may be adversely affected. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain 
a waiver of set-off, netting and compensation rights 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary 
Senior Note (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL Eligible Instruments 
upon issuance) may exercise or claim any set-off, netting or compensation right in respect of any amount 
owned by it to the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Note, the Senior Non 
Preferred Note or the Ordinary Senior Note, as the case may be, and each holder of a Subordinated Note, a 
Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary Senior Note (with characteristics such that they are capable of 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Instruments upon issuance), as the case may be, shall, by virtue of its 
subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set off.

--- Page 42 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 34 - 
70-41053780 
 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, if any of the amounts owing to any holder by the Issuer in respect 
of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant Notes is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
(or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the 
Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the 
Issuer (or the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer (as the case may be)) and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 5(j), if a Capital Event or a MREL 
Event occurs, the Issuer may (subject to (a) the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agents in accordance with Condition 12, which notice shall be 
irrevocable (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant Securities and (ii) that such securities will not 
have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes) at its option and 
without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Notes for, or (ii) vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 5(j)). While Compliant Securities generally must 
contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant 
Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Compliant Securities will be viewed by the market 
as equally favourable, or that the Compliant Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at 
which the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should be 
read together with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described above. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency or resolution 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the relevant Conditions) will be 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior to all unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions)). Although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should 
the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented in Portugal through Law No. 
23-A/2015 of, 26 March 2015, (which amended the RGICSF)) and the Subordinated Notes become subject 
to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power, as defined below, (and, in case they constitute Tier 2 
instruments, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below)) or (ii) insolvent. 
The Portuguese Bail-in Power is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
incorporated in the Portuguese Republic, in effect and applicable to the Issuer, including the laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and BRRD II (including, 
but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015 and Law No. 23-A/2022 of 9 December, which 
amended the RGICSF), (ii) the SRM Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of credit institutions or investment firms (or other affiliate of 
such entities) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such credit institutions or investment firms or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period). 
In the case of any exercise of the Portuguese Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the 
sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD 
provides for the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes if they qualify as 
such as it is expected) to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior 
to the principal amount of subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments (Instruments) 
in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation and for the 
latter to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to any write-down 
or conversion of the principal amount or outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as the

--- Page 43 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 35 - 
70-41053780 
 
Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
provided in the applicable insolvency legislation, subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of 
Portuguese law, including but not limited to the Portuguese implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD 
in article 10 of Law 23-A/2022, of 9 December, which added article 8-B, including (1)(3) to Decree-Law 
199/2006, of 25 October, to the effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in 
part) as own funds of the Issuer have a lower priority ranking than any claim that results from an item which 
does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer. Subordinated Notes which 
constitute Tier 2 instruments may be subject to the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined 
below), which may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Portuguese Bail-In Power 
Measure. 
The RGICSF provides for the resolution authorities having the power to permanently write down, or convert 
into equity (common equity tier 1 instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such institution's group 
and before any other resolution action has been taken (the "Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure"). 
An investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss compared to creditors of 
the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to the Issuer's 
unsubordinated obligations including the Ordinary Senior Notes and deposits which provide a preferential 
claim over the claim of holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured senior non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A of Decree Law No. 199/2006, of 25 October 2006, 
as amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive 
2017/2399, of 12 December 2017 ("Article 8-A")). Upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of rights of the holders of any Senior Non Preferred Notes rank, subject 
to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), (a) pari 
passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions), (b) 
junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
(as defined in the Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the Issuer 
and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and (c) senior to all present and future subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in accordance with Article 8-
A. 
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its obligations in 
respect of unsecured derivatives and other unsecured financial contracts and its unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt securities other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 
2019, confers a preferential claim for generally all bank deposits (including all corporate bank deposits) 
over both Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. If the Issuer were wound up, liquidated 
or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the available assets to satisfy all claims in respect of its 
unsubordinated liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors (including depositors and secured 
creditors in respect of their security) ranking ahead of holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then 
to satisfy claims of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and then the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and 
other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of 
higher ranking creditors (including depositors) in full, the claims of the Noteholders under Notes will not 
be satisfied. Noteholders will share equally in any distribution of assets available to satisfy all claims in 
respect of equal-ranking liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all 
of them. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its liabilities under the Notes may be subject to bail-in, 
meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other securities. The sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for 
claims to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in 
the applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non Preferred Notes are Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and before any of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down or converted.

--- Page 44 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 36 - 
70-41053780 
 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than 
creditors of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes were to become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power or (ii) insolvent. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history 
On 14 March 2019, Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 entered into force. This legislation implements 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and 
provides for the legal recognition of unsecured senior non preferred obligations in Portugal. It also confers 
a preferential claim to generally all bank deposits vis-à-vis senior unsecured debt (including the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes). There is little trading history for senior non preferred 
securities of Portuguese financial institutions. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in 
the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non preferred securities. The credit ratings 
assigned to senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating 
agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market 
becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non 
preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors 
at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may incur losses in respect of 
their investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There is no 
obligation on the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated independently of any other securities rating. Any 
rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the Notes 
are subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to provide 
any credit facilities or credit enhancement for the original ratings to be restored. Any such lowering, 
withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the 
Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Notes assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest due on each 
Interest Payment Date to holders of the Notes, and the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation 
to the Notes on the Maturity Date. The ratings address only the credit risks associated with the transaction. 
However, other non-credit risks are not addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to investors. 
Due to the methodology of the main rating agencies, the Issuer's credit rating may be affected by the rating 
of Portugal's sovereign debt. If Portugal's sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer's credit rating may also 
likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the negative economic impact which may be 
caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires, war or military conflicts, 
or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the 
ratings assigned to the Notes. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Credit Rating Agency Regulation requirements 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 45 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 37 - 
70-41053780 
 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restrictions 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes bear a variable interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk 
of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Note in advance. Interest on Floating Rate Notes may 
be payable plus or minus a margin. 
Modification and waiver 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Instrument contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined

--- Page 46 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 38 - 
70-41053780 
 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders (and by acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders), to make any modification to the provisions of the Conditions 
or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or (iv) is to comply with mandatory 
provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions relating to the 
form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the 
Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese 
law, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Portuguese law or administrative practice in 
either of those jurisdictions after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include 
changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse 
effect on an investment in the Notes. 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see 
further "Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution" above). The impact on investors, in a resolution 
scenario, depends crucially on the rank of the liability in the resolution creditor hierarchy. In the event of 
resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced to zero or the Notes may be 
converted into ordinary shares of the Issuer or other instruments of ownership; (ii) a transfer of assets (e.g. 
to a bridge bank) or a sale of business may limit the capacity of the Issuer to meet its repayment obligations; 
and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can be altered and the payments 
may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied no shareholder or creditor of 
the institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have losses greater than it would have 
if the institution had entered into liquidation. Noteholders may have a right to compensation if the treatment 
they receive in resolution is less favourable than the treatment they would have received under normal 
liquidation proceedings ("no creditor worse off"). This assessment must be based on an independent 
valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as well as payment of any potential consideration, 
may be delayed and occur considerably later than contractual payment dates. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (regarding 
the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended BRRD, was 
implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, creating a new asset class of "non-
preferred" senior debt that ranks in insolvency above own-funds instruments and subordinated liabilities 
that do not qualify as own funds, but below other senior liabilities. Further, it confers a preferential claim 
to generally all deposits vis-à-vis unsecured senior debt. Additionally, under the final rules to be 
implemented following the European Commission’s recent proposal to adjust and further strengthen the 
existing EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework, the ranking in insolvency of 
depositors may be further changed or enhanced. 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, including the write-down 
or conversion (in whole or in part) of their Notes. Any such actions or the perceived likelihood of any such 
actions being taken may adversely impact the price or value of their investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders' details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the 
clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of 
the Notes (the "beneficial owner") of the information referred to in "Risks related to withholding tax" 
above required to comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of

--- Page 47 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 39 - 
70-41053780 
 
7 November (as amended). Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended), the obligation 
of collecting from the beneficiaries proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of 
the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras 
directas), the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. Details of those 
procedures are set out in "Taxation – Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005)". 
Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and 
regulations, further clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, 
and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa. 
Beneficiaries must comply with such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of any 
withholding, if applicable. Beneficiaries must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefor. 
Legal considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. In 
particular, financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Appointment of a Dealer as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Reliance upon Interbolsa procedures 
Investments in Notes will be subject to Interbolsa procedures and Portuguese law with respect to the 
following: 
(a) 
Form and Transfer of the Notes 
Notes held through accounts of affiliate members of Interbolsa will be represented in 
dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and will be registered Notes (nominativas). 
Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will 
be held in control accounts by the affiliate members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant holders. 
Such control accounts will reflect at all times the aggregate number of Notes held in the individual 
securities accounts opened by the clients of the affiliate members of Interbolsa (which may include 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, thus becoming indirect Participants in Interbolsa). The 
transfer of Notes and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa. 
(b) 
Payments on Notes 
All payments on Notes (including without limitation the payment of accrued interest and/or 
principal) will be (i) made by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) transferred, in accordance with the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the account held by the Agent with Banco de 
Portugal to the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa who hold control accounts on behalf 
of the Noteholders and, thereafter, (iii) transferred by the affiliate members of Interbolsa from their 
accounts to the accounts of their clients (which may include Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). 
The Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. 
The records relating to payments made in respect of beneficial interests in the Notes are maintained

--- Page 48 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 40 - 
70-41053780 
 
by the affiliate members of Interbolsa and the Issuer accepts no responsibility for, and will not be 
liable in respect of, the maintenance of such records. 
(c) 
Risks related to withholding tax applicable on the Notes 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended, investment income paid to 
non-resident beneficial owners of Notes, and capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition 
of such Bonds, will be exempt from Portuguese income tax only if certain documentation 
requirements are duly complied with. 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants 
and the clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective 
beneficiary of the Notes (the "beneficial owner") of the information required to comply with the 
procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended). 
Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended), the obligation of collecting from 
the beneficiaries' proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other 
requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras 
directas), the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. Details of 
those procedures are set out in "Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005" 
as amended, under the "Taxation" chapter. Such procedures may be revised from time to time in 
accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from the 
Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, and the operational procedures of 
the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa, beneficiaries must comply with 
such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of any withholding tax, if 
applicable. 
Failure to comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of the 
Portuguese domestic withholding tax rate (see "Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-
Law 193/2005)”) as amended. The Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such 
withholding tax in case the conditions described in detail in Taxation below are not fully met, 
including failure to deliver or incorrect filling of the certificate or declaration referred to above. 
Accordingly, beneficial owners of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply 
with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefore.

--- Page 49 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 41 - 
70-41053780 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1. 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2023 (available at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
consolidated-results-1-quarter-2023.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular: 
1Q 2023 EARNINGS RELEASE 
 
Key Indicators  ..........................................................................................  
18 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................  
19 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ......................................................................  
20 
2. 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2022") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2022.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT 
REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................  
181 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .................................  
182-183 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ......................................................................  
184 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................  
185 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..........................................  
186 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................  
187-361 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ...........................................................  
559-569 
3. 
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2021") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2021.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
2021 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT 
REPORT 
 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................  
157 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .................................  
158-159 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ......................................................................  
160 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................  
161 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..........................................  
162 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .......................................  
163-359 
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ...........................................................  
590-600

--- Page 50 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 42 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
 
4. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55-80 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 7 June 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Base Prospectus") under the heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-
financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-obrigacoes-caixa/EMTN-Base-Prospectus-
2018-06-07.pdf); and 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 47-79 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 31 October 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Base Prospectus") under the heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(the 
"2019 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-
financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-obrigacoes-caixa/base-prospectus-31-october-
2019.pdf ). 
Any non-incorporated parts (information which is not listed in the cross reference list above) of a document 
referred to herein are either deemed not relevant to investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
The documents listed above have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated 
by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
offices of the Issuer and the Agent and will also be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, unless they are incorporated separately elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 43 - 
70-41053780 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by registration in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these terms 
and conditions and by a deed poll given by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, 
S.A. (in its capacity as issuer, the "Issuer") in favour of the Noteholders as amended and restated on 7 June 
2023 (the "Instrument"), which includes the form of the Notes referred to below. Agency terms dated 7 
June 2023 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue 
Date"), the "Agency Terms") has been entered into in relation to the Notes by Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. in its capacity as Issuer and in its capacity as agent (in such capacity, 
the "Agent"). Copies of the Agency Terms are available for inspection during usual business hours at the 
registered office of the Agent (presently at Rua Castilho 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal). 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Instrument, and are deemed to have notice of those provisions of the Agency Terms 
applicable to them. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered nominative 
(nominativas) form, in the Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) 
("CVM"). 
The Notes shall be issued in registered nominative form (nominativas), not bearer form, (ao 
portador), whether in definitive bearer form or otherwise. 
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa 
as having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes 
recorded. One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered 
by the relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon 
the request by the relevant Noteholder and in accordance with that affiliated member's procedures 
and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the individual securities account held with an 
affiliated member of Interbolsa. Any Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate 
issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
The Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Notes, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 44 - 
70-41053780 
 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" and (in relation to a Note) "holder" means the person in whose 
name a Note is registered in the relevant individual securities account held with an affiliated 
member of Interbolsa. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Ordinary Senior Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law (or otherwise), in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, such 
obligations rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and 
(ii) 
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Subordinated Notes); and 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non Preferred Notes are direct, 
unconditional and unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) obligations of the 
Issuer and, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law (or otherwise), in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, such 
obligations rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities; 
(ii) 
junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to 
any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the 
insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with 
Article 8-A; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in 
accordance with Article 8-A. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer subordinated 
as provided below and such obligations rank and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of 
payments pursuant to the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the bankruptcy or 
winding up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) be subordinated in 
right of payment in the manner provided in this Condition 2(c) and the Instrument, to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer but shall rank (a) at least pari passu with the 
claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and all obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith 
and (b) in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (1) all share capital of the 
Issuer, (2) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, and (3) all 
other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 45 - 
70-41053780 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements 
for eligible liabilities, resolution and/or solvency then in effect in Portugal and applicable 
to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the 
BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements for eligible liabilities, resolution 
and/or solvency in each case to the extent then in effect of the Competent Authority and/or 
any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the 
institutions of the European Union (including, for the avoidance of doubt the CRD 
Regulation); 
"Article 8-A" means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as 
amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (including by 
BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998, as the same 
may be amended or superseded from time to time; 
"Competent Authority" means Banco de Portugal, the European Central Bank or such 
other or successor authority (whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having primary 
responsibility for prudential supervision, resolution matters and/or empowered by national 
law to supervise the Issuer as part of the supervisory system in operation in Portugal (and 
which may be the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) where the context so 
requires); 
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2006 and 2006/49/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2006, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Directive); 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, 
which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Banco Montepio Group 
(on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or 
the Banco Montepio Group (on a consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2019/878 (EU) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies,

--- Page 54 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 46 - 
70-41053780 
 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the CRD, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, including by CRR 
II); 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRR, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as the 
same may be amended or superseded from time to time; 
"Senior Creditors" means (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof 
in the winding-up of the Issuer and who are depositors and/or other unsubordinated 
creditors (credores comuns) of the Issuer (including, without limitation, holders of Senior 
Notes) and (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated 
to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims relate to 
obligations which constitute, or would, but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital, constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, or whose claims 
otherwise rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders 
of the Subordinated Notes); 
"Senior Notes" means Ordinary Senior Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations of the Issuer under any 
Ordinary Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; 
"Senior Non Preferred Liabilities" means any unsecured senior non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted 
by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
"Tier 1 Capital" and "Tier 2 Capital" each have the respective meanings given to such 
terms by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(d) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
This Condition 2(d) applies to: (i) Subordinated Notes; (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
and (iii) Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-Off" is 
expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary 
Senior Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a relevant Note may at any time exercise or claim 
any right of set-off, netting or compensation in respect of any amount owed by it to the 
Issuer arising out of or in connection with the relevant Notes and each holder of such Note 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off or netting. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of a 
relevant Note by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant 
Notes are discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately 
pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its 
winding-up or administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer) 
and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in 
trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer (as the 
case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 55 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 47 - 
70-41053780 
 
3. 
Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
(a) 
Restriction 
This Condition 3(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: 
Negative Pledge" is expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
So long as any of the Ordinary Senior Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Instrument) neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) shall 
create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest ("Security") upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or 
any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same 
time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Ordinary Senior Notes (A) are 
secured equally and rateably therewith in the same manner or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (B) have the 
benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Ordinary Senior Noteholders. 
(b) 
Relevant Indebtedness 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future 
(actual or contingent) indebtedness for money borrowed or raised in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates or other 
instruments that are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange, or other securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter 
market) (other than an issue which is placed in Portugal in an amount greater than 50 per 
cent. of its aggregate principal amount). For the avoidance of doubt, "indebtedness for 
money borrowed or raised", for the purpose of this definition, does not include 
preference shares or any other equity securities or Covered Bonds (as defined below). 
"Covered Bonds" means any mortgage-backed bonds and/or covered bonds or notes 
(Obrigações Cobertas) issued by the Issuer, the obligations of which benefit from a special 
creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) as a result of them being collateralised 
by a defined pool of assets comprised of mortgage loans or other loans permitted by 
applicable Portuguese legislation to be included in the pool of assets and where the 
requirements for that collateralisation are regulated by applicable Portuguese legislation, 
in particular, Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable

--- Page 56 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 48 - 
70-41053780 
 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on which interest is payable in each year (each, an "Interest Payment 
Date") and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of 
Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with 
the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4(g) and, for such 
purposes, references in Condition 4(a) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to 
be to "Reset Notes" and Condition 4(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to 
Condition 4(j), the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Mid-Swap 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent and with such sum converted as 
described in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable). 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Mid-Swap Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, an amount set out in the relevant Final 
Terms as the "First Reset Period Fallback". 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii), "Mid-Swap Reference Banks" means 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Agent and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (where

--- Page 57 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 49 - 
70-41053780 
 
a "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) 
thereafter. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any reset Rate of 
Interest and relevant Interest Amount(s) no later than the first day of each Reset 
Period. 
(iv) 
Determination or Calculation 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the 
First Reset Rate of Interest, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest or to calculate 
any Interest Amount in accordance with this Condition 4(b), the Issuer (or an 
agent appointed by it on its behalf) shall determine the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) at such rate as, in its 
absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4 and to any terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer (or its agent) shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either specified in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls 
the number of months or other period specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, or (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, subject to Condition 4(j), the provisions below relating to either ISDA

--- Page 58 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 50 - 
70-41053780 
 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation 
Agent", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Option", 
"Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations (rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)), 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(and references in this Condition 4(c)(iii)(B) to "Calculation 
Agent" shall be construed accordingly). 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such

--- Page 59 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 51 - 
70-41053780 
 
Notes will be determined as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant

--- Page 60 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 52 - 
70-41053780 
 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as 
if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and 
(b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
5(b)(i)(B)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is

--- Page 61 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 53 - 
70-41053780 
 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and 
Clean-up Call Option Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
Rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Agent, the Noteholders, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. All certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and quotations given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Conditions 4(b) and 4(c) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the 
absence of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Determination or Calculation 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call 
Option Amount, the Issuer shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and 
such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation 
Agent. In doing so, the Issuer shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with 
any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, 
and, in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable 
in all the circumstances.

--- Page 62 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 54 - 
70-41053780 
 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 4(b) and 4(c), if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable and at its own cost 
(provided that, in the case of Reset Notes, such appointment need not be made 
earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
to be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)), to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4(j)(iv)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 4(j)(v) and 4(j)(vi)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4(j)(i) shall be required to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Issuer Determination 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (b) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4(j)(i) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may itself determine (but shall not be obliged to determine) (i) a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this Condition 
4(j) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(j) applying mutatis mutandis 
to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation with 
an Independent Adviser). In the event the Issuer decides to make a determination 
in accordance with this Condition 4(j), without prejudice to the definitions hereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer shall take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market 
usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in 
the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets. 
(iii) 
Issuer's failure to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate, or otherwise decides not to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 4(j), the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, respectively. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, First Margin, Subsequent 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, the Margin, First 
Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period only

--- Page 63 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 55 - 
70-41053780 
 
and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 4(j)(i). 
(iv) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4(j)). 
(v) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) 
and the Independent Adviser (or Issuer, as the case may be) determines (a) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(if any) (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (b) the terms 
of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4(j)(vii), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(vi), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the 
purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Competent Authority treating a future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the

--- Page 64 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 56 - 
70-41053780 
 
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) (subject to Condition 
4(j)(v) above) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(j), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b)(ii) or 4(c), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied)

--- Page 65 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 57 - 
70-41053780 
 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(vi). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used, 
provided that in the case of (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2  is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"); 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign

--- Page 66 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 58 - 
70-41053780 
 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Business Centres. 
“Clean-up Call Effective Date” means the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes.   
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
 if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – 𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360

--- Page 67 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 59 - 
70-41053780 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and

--- Page 68 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 60 - 
70-41053780 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"EURIBOR" means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money 
Markets Institute. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended from time to time. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iv) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes 
during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 4(j)(i). 
"Fixed Leg Frequency" means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 69 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 61 - 
70-41053780 
 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
British Pound Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither British Pound Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended, supplemented and/or updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 
Condition 4(j), for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Floating Leg Frequency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as set out in the Final Terms 
and to Condition 4(j), if applicable, EURIBOR. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), either: 
(i) 
 if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
 with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and

--- Page 70 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 62 - 
70-41053780 
 
(B) 
 commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
 if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
 with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and 
(B) 
 commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes. 
"Rate of Interest" means, in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable, and in any 
other case, the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
 the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory bodies or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in accordance with Condition 4(a) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period,

--- Page 71 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 63 - 
70-41053780 
 
the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent 
Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such 
Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date (or to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, if there is no succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date). 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum 
converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
relevant Notes during the Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the 
Calculation Agent)). 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Instrument). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Senior Note or Subordinated Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date

--- Page 72 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 64 - 
70-41053780 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which 
is its nominal amount). Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations will have an original maturity of at least one year 
or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will have a 
minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise permitted or required in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no payments of principal under the Notes will be made in 
instalments. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index 
and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such subparagraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption is also subject to the 
provisions of Condition 2(c) and Condition 5(k). The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount (together with any accrued interest).

--- Page 73 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 65 - 
70-41053780 
 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(k), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
described under Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c).  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption cannot occur earlier than five 
years from the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes and its exercise is 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain 
the information required for compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(ii) 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the 
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased and 
subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 5, the Issuer may, from 
(and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(k), having given not more than the maximum period nor less than 
minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, to the Noteholders at any time redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) such date fixed for redemption. Upon 
the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
accordingly.

--- Page 74 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 66 - 
70-41053780 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(ii), any further securities issued pursuant 
to Condition 11 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes 
outstanding at that time will be deemed to have been originally issued. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
(but subject to Condition 5(k)) at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued (but 
unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption) if, at any time, the Issuer determines that a Capital 
Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Competent Authority that all or any part of the Notes are not eligible for inclusion in the 
Tier 2 capital of the Issuer or the Banco Montepio Group pursuant to Applicable Banking 
Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital as applicable to the Issuer or the Banco Montepio Group, as the case may be). For 
the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Notes pursuant to the CRR shall not 
constitute a Capital Event; and 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
(f) 
Redemption due to an MREL Event 
If, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms only, following the MREL Requirement Date, an MREL Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may at its option, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in 
accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes. The Issuer 
shall redeem the relevant Notes on the date specified for redemption in such notice. 
Notes redeemed early pursuant to this Condition 5(f) will be redeemed at their early 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event)") (which shall be 
the principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event) as may be 
specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for 
credit institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as 
transposed in Portugal), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016, supplementing the BRRD, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Portugal; 
"MREL Event" means, if as a result of any amendment to, or change (or any pending 
change that the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain), in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, or in the application or official interpretation thereof, in any case 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, that at any time, on or following the MREL 
Requirement Date, all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL 
Event" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, does not fully qualify 
or ceases to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Banco 
Montepio Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining 
maturity of the relevant Notes being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible 
Instruments by the Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) is as a result of the relevant

--- Page 75 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 67 - 
70-41053780 
 
Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy-back of the relevant Notes 
which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes 
where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any 
requirement in connection to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer due to any 
limitation on the amount of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of 
MREL- Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group; 
"MREL-Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that complies with the MREL 
Requirements; 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the date from which the Issuer and/or the Banco 
Montepio Group is obliged to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities applicable to the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If, in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only, Put Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of 
such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deliver a notice to the Agent in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Interbolsa stating the principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") to the specified office of the Agent at 
any time within the notice period during normal business hours of the Agent. In the Put 
Notice the relevant Noteholder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 5. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (but subject to Condition 5(k) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by 
the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments) may purchase Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, or the relevant Subsidiary cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in accordance with the 
applicable regulations of Interbolsa. All Notes so cancelled shall not be capable of being 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged upon cancellation thereof. 
(j) 
Substitution and Variation of Notes 
If (i) "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or "MREL Event – Substitution and 
Variation", as the case may be, is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Issuer is satisfied that a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 5(e)) or, as the case 
may be, an MREL Event (as defined in Condition 5(f)), has occurred and is continuing, or 
(ii) if required to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, the Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k) and the notice requirements below but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Agent, either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant 
Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. Upon the 
expiry of the notice required by this Condition 5(j), the Issuer shall either vary the terms

--- Page 76 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 68 - 
70-41053780 
 
of, or substitute, the relevant Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(j), as the case may 
be and, subject as set out below, the Agent shall agree to such substitution or variation. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) is subject to the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders and the 
Agent in accordance with Condition 12, which notice shall be irrevocable. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) shall not give the 
Issuer an option to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
"Compliant Securities" means securities that: 
(a) 
 are issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
save in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, have terms 
not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international standing), provided that such securities: 
(1) 
contain terms such that they qualify as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible 
Instruments, as the case may be; and 
(2) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder's 
perspective, more favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest 
Payment Dates, Maturity Date and Early Redemption Amount(s) as 
apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Notes immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation; and 
(3) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued 
interest, principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(4) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral 
of payments of principal and/or interest; and 
(5) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write 
down, write-off or conversion to ordinary shares, other than through the 
application of statutory powers pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(6) 
do not contain terms such that redemption pursuant to any one or more 
of Conditions 5(c), 5(e) or 5(f) could occur upon, or be foreseeable as a 
result of, such substitution or variation; 
(d) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) 
such other EEA regulated market as selected by the Issuer; and 
(e) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their 
substitution or variation (a "Published Rating") each such Rating Agency has 
ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, (i) an equal or higher Published 
Rating to the relevant Notes as substituted or varied or (ii) where the Published 
Rating was, as a result of Condition 15 becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the Published 
Rating immediately prior to such amendment.

--- Page 77 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 69 - 
70-41053780 
 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investor Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective successors. 
(k) 
Pre-conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Notes 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f), 5(g), 5(h) and 5(j) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the Competent Authority's prior consent or permission 
if and to the extent required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time; 
(ii) 
the Issuer having complied with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time; 
(iii) 
in the case of early redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) only, before 
the publication of any notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment; 
(iv) 
in the case of the early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
5(c) only (before five years after the Issue Date of such Notes), the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that (a) the change 
in the applicable tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as 
at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes and (b) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
(v) 
in the case of early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) 
only (before five years after the Issue Date of such Notes), the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that (a) the 
circumstances giving rise to a Capital Event were not reasonably foreseeable as 
at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Subordinated Notes and (b) 
the change in the applicable regulatory classification is sufficiently certain. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the 
Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in the 
relevant currency, details of which appear in the records of the relevant affiliated member 
of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment Business Day (as defined below) 
before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day which (subject to Condition 8): 
(a) 
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest; and 
(b) 
is a TARGET Business Day. 
(b) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, all payments are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment 
or other laws to which the Issuer or its agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not 
be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws,

--- Page 78 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 70 - 
70-41053780 
 
regulations, directives or agreements and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7), or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require and (iii) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in Portugal, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall (subject to the conditions and limitations set out below) be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Payments of interest and other types of remuneration on the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed or levied by the Portuguese 
Republic where the relevant proof of non-residence status has been provided by the 
Noteholders to the direct registration entities prior to the Relevant Date. 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax is required by law, the Issuer shall pay in respect of payments of principal 
and interest in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are 
not capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), and interest only 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
(with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments upon issuance) such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them (in respect of payments 
of interest only, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and

--- Page 79 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 71 - 
70-41053780 
 
Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
Other connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of it 
having some connection with Portugal other than the mere holding of the Note; 
or 
(ii) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding 
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes in respect 
of whom the information (which may include certificates) required in order to 
comply with Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 (as amended), and 
any implementing legislation, is not received; or (B) to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes (i) in respect of whom the information 
and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any 
applicable tax treaty is not received before the Relevant Date, and (ii) who is 
resident in one of the states which is party to any such applicable tax treaty; or 
(C) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes resident 
in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime as 
defined in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as 
amended or superseded from time to time), with the exception of central banks 
and governmental agencies, international bodies recognised by Portugal or 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax 
treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or (D) to, or to 
a third party on behalf of (i) an effective beneficiary of the Notes who is a 
Portuguese resident subject to Portuguese corporation tax with the exception of 
entities that benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions, or (ii) a legal entity not resident in Portugal acting in 
respect of the holding of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Portugal 
except whenever it benefits from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver; or 
(iii) 
Undisclosed beneficial owners 
presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial 
owners where such beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment 
and such disclosure is required by law. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, 
a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding. 
(b) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall

--- Page 80 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 72 - 
70-41053780 
 
be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5, 
(ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 4 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within twenty years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless the relevant Final Terms 
expressly specify Condition 9(a) as being "Not Applicable". 
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes to which this Condition 9(a) applies, if any of the 
following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, any Noteholder may 
give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest: 
(i) 
Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than 10 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in 
respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
The Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in the Notes or the Instrument and such default is incapable of remedy 
or is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall have 
been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
Cross-Default 
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may 
be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, 
provided that the amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and/or 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
paragraph (iii) have occurred, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or, if greater, 
an amount equal to 1 per cent. of the Issuer's total equity; or 
(iv) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
One or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is rendered 
against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or a distress, attachment, execution or 
other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the 
property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and in any of 
the above cases, is not discharged or stayed within 60 days or, if later, the date 
specified therein for payment; or

--- Page 81 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 73 - 
70-41053780 
 
(v) 
Security Enforced 
Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes enforceable 
and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(vi) 
Insolvency 
Any of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is (or is, or could be, deemed by 
law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, (ii) stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts or (iii) proposes or makes a general assignment 
or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors 
in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of 
or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries; or 
(vii) 
Winding-up 
An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration 
order in respect of itself or ceases or through an official action of its board of 
directors threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Instrument) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in 
the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or 
(viii) 
Authorisation and Consents 
Any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, 
recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in 
order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform 
and comply with its obligations under the Notes and the Instrument, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make 
the Notes and the Instrument admissible in evidence in the courts of Portugal, is 
not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(ix) 
Illegality 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Notes or Instrument; or 
(x) 
Analogous Events 
Any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs provided 
that except in the case of paragraphs (i) and (vii) such event is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"Subsidiary" means any entity of which the Issuer has control and "control" for 
the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued and/or voting share capital or the right to 
direct the management and policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of 
share capital, contract or otherwise. A certificate by any two authorised officers

--- Page 82 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 74 - 
70-41053780 
 
of the Issuer listing the entities that are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(b) only applies if the Note is (i) a Senior Non Preferred Note, (ii) a 
Subordinated Note or (iii) an Ordinary Senior Note where the applicable Final Terms 
expressly specify Condition 9(a) as being "Not Applicable" and references in this 
Condition 9(b) to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the 
Issuer or the Issuer institutes such proceedings or suspends payments or makes a 
general arrangement for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(ii) 
if otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders an order 
is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up of the Issuer, 
any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer that the relevant Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Noteholder may give notice that the Notes shall become immediately due and payable 
other than in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the Issuer 
shall not be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than such sum or sums would otherwise 
have been payable by it (other than as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above). 
Without prejudice to Conditions 9(b)(i) and 9(b)(ii) above, if the Issuer breaches any of 
its obligations under the Instrument or the relevant Notes (other than any payment 
obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Instrument or such Notes, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations), then any Noteholder may bring such 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question provided that the 
Issuer shall not, as a result of the bringing of any such proceeding, be obliged to pay any 
sum sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. However, nothing in 
this Condition 9(b) shall prevent any Noteholder instituting proceedings for the winding-
up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of the Issuer in respect of any payment 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Subordinated Notes or the Instrument (including 
any damages awarded for breach of any such obligation), subject to a grace period of 10 
days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal).For the purpose of this 
Condition 9(b) only, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes prior to maturity with the 
prior consent or approval of the Competent Authority (if and to the extent such prior 
consent is required by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time). 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings (including a virtual meeting 
or a hybrid meeting, each as defined in the Instrument) of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Instrument) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions 
of the Instrument. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum 
for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest

--- Page 83 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 75 - 
70-41053780 
 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, 
(iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary 
any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of 
calculating the Amortised Face Amount, or the Clean-up Call Option Amount (vi) to vary 
the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed). 
(b) 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by 
acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders), to make any modification to the provisions of the Conditions 
or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or 
(iv) is to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
The Issuer shall comply with Applicable Banking Regulations in connection with any 
modification or proposed modification of these Conditions. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon 
such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions 
to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to 
this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
12. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid (i) if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times); or (ii) so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
The Issuer shall also comply with Portuguese law in respect of Notices.

--- Page 84 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 76 - 
70-41053780 
 
13. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and the Instrument and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions relating to the form (representação 
formal) and transfer of the Notes, creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa 
procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes, and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 of the 
Instrument, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Hackwood Secretaries Limited at its offices 
presently located at One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ as its agent in England to receive, 
for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
15. 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the 
Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 15 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; or 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; or 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to, the exercise of the Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power if and to the extent that such amounts have been reduced,

--- Page 85 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 77 - 
70-41053780 
 
converted, cancelled, suspended (for so long as such suspension or moratorium is outstanding), 
amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in 
this Condition 15. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes shall not constitute a default or an event of default for any purpose and the Conditions 
of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding 
amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification 
of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including the RGICSF and the SRM Regulation, relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group incorporated in 
Portugal. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to any 
relevant laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Portuguese Republic is not 
dependent on the application of this Condition 15. 
In these Conditions: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and any 
additional amounts referred to in Condition 7, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will 
include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of 
the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
"RGICSF" means the "Regime Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras" approved by 
Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended or superseded from time to time, laying down the 
Portuguese legal regime governing certain aspects of incorporation, organisation and operation of credit 
institutions, financial companies and investment firms; 
"Loss Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015 and Law No. 23-A/2022 
of 9 December, which amended the RGICSF), (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain entities as set out in such law, 
regulation, rules or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power from time to time; and 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to 
time.

--- Page 86 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 78 - 
70-41053780 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
General 
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected 
securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, 
and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. 
Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, Banco de Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, 
all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Notes. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
consumers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") 
code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Under the procedures of Interbolsa's settlement system, settlement takes place on the third business day 
after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place at Banco de Portugal (or 
at Caixa Geral de Depósitos, if denominated in currencies other than euro) on the settlement date. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form (escriturais) and title to the Notes will be evidenced 
by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable 
Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the "CMVM" – the Portuguese Securities Authority) and 
Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes held through 
Interbolsa. 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa 
and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders of the Notes. 
Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Notes held in the individual securities accounts 
opened by the holders of the Notes with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression "Interbolsa 
Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa 
on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an Interbolsa Participant as having an 
interest in Notes shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa 
Whilst the Notes are held through Interbolsa, (I) payment of principal and interest in euros in respect of the 
Notes will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant paying 
agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in the payment system of Banco 
de Portugal by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such 
Notes and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be; (II) payment of principal and interest in currencies other than euros in respect of the Notes will be 
(a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by 
Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant paying agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System 
(Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the 
relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa Participants, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa 
Participants from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the

--- Page 87 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 79 - 
70-41053780 
 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Notes held through Interbolsa 
Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. 
No owner of a Note will be able to transfer such Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the 
applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 88 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 80 - 
70-41053780 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 81 - 
70-41053780 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction to Banco Montepio 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer") 
was created on 24 March 1844 for an indefinite period and as at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio had 
a total share capital of €2,420,000,000 (€1,210,000,000 as of the date of this Base Prospectus), the majority 
of which (99.99 per cent.) is owned by its founder Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista ("MGAM"). 
Banco Montepio, together with its subsidiaries, are referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Banco Montepio 
Group". MGAM and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as "MGAM Group". 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to MGAM into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de 
Portugal. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal 
purposes are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 
606,483 mutual members (as at 31 December 2022), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by 
them. The welfare schemes MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability 
benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and 
other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. It also has co-operation 
agreements with a variety of organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation 
of members' social functions, publication of a members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and 
social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
Banco Montepio is a credit institution, authorised to operate as a full-service savings bank (caixa económica 
bancária) to pursue all the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As at 30 June 2022, it ranked seventh 
in the Portuguese banking system on the basis of total net assets (source: Associação Portuguesa de 
Bancos). 
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to "Banco Montepio" but its legal name remains 
the same (Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand 
represents an evolution of the identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: an independent Portuguese 
bank which is focused on Portuguese families, corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, 
mutual societies, associations and foundations carrying out a set of business and economic activities, within 
the private sphere, in order to promote general economic and/or social interests). By changing its brand 
name, the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the general public and its clients the distinction between Banco 
Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition to the change of the brand name, Banco Montepio 
also changed its commercial logo and brand colours. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Articles of Association and with the provisions of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais). MGAM, as the majority holder of the 
Issuer's share capital (99.99 per cent.) is the majority holder of voting rights in Banco Montepio and its 
rights are governed by and subject to Banco Montepio's Articles of Association and Portuguese law. 
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. 
holding. Banco Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group 
structure chart below. These entities complement Banco Montepio's financial products and services and 
contribute via their earnings to the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) and, as well as 
promoting high ethical standards and principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these entities not only 
offer a broad and diversified range of banking and financial products and services, but also contribute with 
their earnings to the shareholders' social and welfare-related goals.

--- Page 90 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 82 - 
70-41053780 
 
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following two domestic entities: 
Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. and Montepio Investimento, S.A. ("Banco 
Bem"). Each of these companies are wholly owned by Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. ("Montepio 
Holding") (previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco Montepio. 
For further information, please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Outline of the performance 
of the Banco Montepio Group's domestic companies". 
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, 
Turismo e Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector), in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, ACE 
(a complementary company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage MGAM 
Group´s real estate more efficiently), and in Cesource, ACE (a complementary company group 
(Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to provide specialised services in the area of IT 
technologies to improve the conditions and the management of the resources and the results of the economic 
activities of the members of this complementary company group), whose accounts are consolidated by the 
equity method, as well as a 100 per cent. capital participation in SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços 
Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. (Real Estate sector) fully owned by Montepio Holding. At an 
international level, within the scope of the strategic redefinition of international holdings, on 4 October 
2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale of 
the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. (in which the Banco Montepio Group had 
control with an effective participation of 80.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2022) to Access Bank Plc. 
Furthermore, due to the new legal framework in Cape Verde and taking into consideration all the relevant 
strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors chose not to promote the changes required to adapt 
its subsidiary Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde as a bank with generic authorisation, having approved 
the implementation of the procedural initiatives envisaged in the law with a view to its voluntary winding 
up and liquidation, which was completed in 2022. For further information, please refer to the section 
"International Activity". 
In order to simplify the corporate structure and improve the Banco Montepio Group's operating model, in 
August 2022 it was decided to integrate Banco Bem, 100 per cent. owned by the subsidiary Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A., into Banco Montepio, by transferring all its assets, liabilities and operations, with the 
possibility of a merger by incorporation. Subsequently, in December 2022, Banco Montepio's Board of 
Ancillary Services and Other Investments 
Domestic Activity 
International 
Activity 
*Banco Montepio 26.0%, Montepio Investimento 1.0% e SSAGIncentive 0.5%.        
 
 (% of capital held) 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,  
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. 
Montepio Crédito 
– Instituição 
Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. 
Montepio 
Investimento, 
S.A. 
SSAGIncentive – 
Sociedade de 
Serviços 
Auxiliares e 
Gestão de 
Imóveis, S.A. 
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A. 
HTA – Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação dos 
Açores, S.A. 
Montepio 
Gestão de 
Activos 
Imobiliários, 
ACE 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
80.2% 
27.5%* 
20.0% 
18.0% 
Cesource, 
ACE

--- Page 91 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 83 - 
70-41053780 
 
Directors approved the operational integration model and analysed other alternatives, namely the possibility 
of selling Banco Bem's banking licence, after carve-out of all activity. 
Following the aim of the Board of Directors to simplify the corporate structure of the Banco Montepio 
Group and the provisions of IFRS 5, the operations of Banco Montepio's subsidiary –Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. were deemed discontinued operations for the purposes of its financial accounts as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, and was accounted in the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as "Non-current 
assets held for sale - discontinued operations" or "Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued 
operations", as applicable, and in its income statement as "Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations". 
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose 
entities and investment funds: 
• 
Valor Arrendamento– Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) 
100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
• 
Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and 
• 
Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real 
Estate Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
For more information please see note 57 (Subsidiary and associates) to the Annual Report 2022. 
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group's business strategy, as 
it uses its nationwide branch network comprising 246 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2022 (261 
branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2021). Banco Montepio's commercial network is further 
complemented by a network of electronic channels, together with its presence in various overseas 
Portuguese communities (including five representative offices outside of Portugal). Banco Montepio is also 
present in Angola, through Finibanco Angola with a retail network of 20 branches as at 31 December 2022 
(20 branches as at 31 December 2021). For further information, please refer to the section "- International 
Activity". 
Banco Montepio is a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the 
Lisbon Commercial Registry Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 
500 792 615 and is domiciled in Portugal, having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, 
Portugal, with telephone number +351 213 248 000. 
History 
In 1840, Francisco Manuel Alvares Botelho established Montepio dos Empregados Públicos, a mutual 
benefit association intended to assist its members through periods of unforeseen financial hardship, caused 
by illness, disability or death. Its name was changed twice, firstly to Montepio Geral, Associação de 
Socorros Mútuos and in 1844 it was changed to Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista, the name that 
MGAM still bears today. 
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral on 23 April 1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. 
MGAM and its subsidiaries and affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management 
products from Banco Montepio's branches throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a 
division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, the two organisations had become separate legal entities. In 
accordance with Decree-Law no. 460/77, of 7 November 1977 (as last amended by Decree-Law 391/2007, 
of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a "collective person of public interest". 
In order to broaden the offer of financial services to its customer base, in 1986, MGAM decided to found 
Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania"). Lusitania is a general insurance company whose

--- Page 92 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 84 - 
70-41053780 
 
products are sold through Banco Montepio's branches and through its own network. Lusitania Vida, 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania Vida"), which offers life insurance products, was incorporated 
in 1987. 
Pursuing its strategy of broadening its commercial offer and the diversification of its income sources, in 
1988, MGAM established Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. ("Futuro"), enabling 
the MGAM Group to expand into the pension fund management business. 
As part of its investment management business, the MGAM Group holds Montepio Gestão de Activos, 
S.A., a company specialised in the management of mutual funds and wealth management, and Montepio 
Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, ACE, specialised in the management of real estate. 
In 1995, Banco Montepio acquired certain limited assets and liabilities from a small savings bank in the 
Azores, Caixa Económica Açoreana. S.A. This acquisition allowed Banco Montepio to establish its 
presence in the Azores Autonomous Region. 
Additionally, in January 1997, Banco Montepio acquired certain assets and liabilities of another small 
savings bank, Caixa Económica Comercial e Industrial ("CECI"). In 2009, Lusitania Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. acquired the insurance companies Real and Mutuamar, doubling its market share in the real 
insurance business, thereby achieving a market share in line with the MGAM Group's objectives. 
In 2010, MGAM acquired the whole of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. through a friendly public takeover 
bid. The main goals of the transaction were the expansion of the MGAM Group's mutualism activities and 
the diversification of its business activities. 
In order to take the necessary steps to achieve consolidation, on 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio acquired 
from MGAM, through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of the share capital and of the voting 
rights of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, indirectly, all of the 
share capital and the voting rights of Finibanco, S.A. ("Finibanco", now Montepio Investimento, S.A.), as 
well as those of Finicrédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and those of Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now 
Montepio Valor – SGOIC, S.A.). 
Finibanco Holding. SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Portuguese financial group "Finibanco" (the 
"Finibanco Group"), comprised a number of subsidiaries which included, among others, a bank 
(Finibanco), an Angolan bank (Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution (Finicrédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and an asset management company (Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos 
Mobiliários, S.A.). 
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share capital 
and the voting rights of Finibanco Angola. As a result of these acquisitions, Banco Montepio's consolidated 
supervision perimeter now encompasses all the aforementioned companies. 
As at December 2013, in the context of its restructuring, the MGAM Group undertook a reorganisation of 
its financial investments associated with the insurance and pension sectors. In this context, on 27 December 
2013 Montepio Seguros, S.G.P.S., S.A. ("Montepio Seguros") was created in order to manage the equity 
of such sectors. Banco Montepio sold the shares directly held in Futuro, Lusitania Vida and Lusitania to 
Montepio Seguros. Additionally, Banco Montepio acquired 33.65 per cent. of the capital of Montepio 
Seguros. On 30 December 2015, Banco Montepio sold its shareholding in Montepio Seguros. 
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio's capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 
November 2013, Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer ("IPO") of €200 million securities 
(Unidades de Participação) representative of its participation fund (Fundo de Participação) 
("Participation Fund"). On 17 December 2013, the securities were admitted to listing on Euronext Lisbon 
after the Regulated Market Special Session. 
On 2 December 2014, Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A. acquired a stake of 44.6 per cent. in BTM's share 
capital, acquiring management control following an agreement with the remaining shareholders of the bank 
(Rabobank, based in the Netherlands, holding identical equity participation as the Banco Montepio Group; 
Norfund, also known as the Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries, with an equity 
participation of 8.4 per cent.; and GAPI-SI, S.A., a financial institution that has the aim of contributing to 
economic and social development of Mozambique, with an equity participation of 2.5 per cent.).

--- Page 93 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 85 - 
70-41053780 
 
On 10 October 2015, the new savings banks act by Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September ("Savings 
Banks Act"), entered into force, which classified savings banks (caixas económicas) with assets equal to 
or greater than €50 million as full service savings banks (caixas económicas bancárias) (as opposed to 
affiliated savings banks (caixas económicas anexas)) and required such banks to adopt the form of public 
limited liability companies (sociedades anónimas). 
The Savings Banks Act further determines that only mutual associations (associações mutualistas), 
charities (misericórdias) or other beneficence institutions can hold the majority of the capital or the voting 
rights in a savings bank (caixa económica bancária). 
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following 
the enforcement of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 
of the Savings Bank Act (which provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by Banco de 
Portugal, full service savings banks already in existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation 
shall not be automatically required to arrange for their conversion into public limited liability companies). 
An Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened for 22 November 2016, to deliberate 
on the transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the consequent 
amendment of its Articles of Association. 
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio 
into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The 
project for the amended Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the 
reconsideration of some matters depending on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the 
supervising authorities. As the knowledge of such recommendations or decisions was key to the conclusion 
of the matters being discussed the session was suspended until 13 December 2016. 
The Extraordinary General Meeting was resumed on 13 December 2016 and on 4 April 2017 in order to 
approve all the required procedures regarding the transformation into a public limited liability company. 
The effectiveness of such resolutions was conditional on (i) ratification by the General Meeting of MGAM, 
to be held no later than 9 May 2017; and (ii) their respective registration. Upon these conditions being met, 
Banco Montepio's capital should be represented in full by ordinary shares. These two conditions were met 
respectively on 9 May 2017 and 14 September 2017 and since then Banco Montepio's share capital has 
been fully represented by ordinary shares.  
In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in BTM, reducing its 
international branches by 10. For further information, please refer to section "- International Activity". 
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco de Empresas 
Montepio (Banco BEM). This new project aims to bring together Banco de Empresas Montepio's corporate 
banking and investment banking in one entity, presenting an integrated offering in the areas of corporate 
finance, debt and equity capital markets, advisory, structured finance, equity and debt distribution along 
with lending services.  
On 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives 
established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo 
Verde Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., which was completed in 2022. For further information, please refer to 
the section "International Activity". 
In December 2021, Banco Montepio sold 100 per cent. of its capital and voting rights in Montepio Valor - 
SGOIC, S.A. to MGAM, which simplified the corporate structure of Banco Montepio Group in line with 
its strategy.  
On 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. agreed 
to the sale of its stake in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. to Access Bank Plc, a commercial bank 
based in Lagos, Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African continent. For further information, 
please refer to the section “International Activity”. 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders was held on 10 February 2023, at which it was 
unanimously decided to restructure the equity items, with the specific purpose of strengthening the funds 
that may be classified as distributable by the regulatory authorities, in order to cover the negative retained 
earnings, by reducing the share capital by 1,210,000,000.00 euros, without changing the number of existing

--- Page 94 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 86 - 
70-41053780 
 
shares and without altering the total equity value. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio’s 
share capital, in the amount of €1,210,000,000, was fully represented by ordinary shares . 
Strategy 
The Board of Directors is committed to enhancing the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of Banco 
Montepio's business model so that it meets demanding contemporary customer requirements. 
The Issuer's Strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
liquidity levels above minimum regulatory requirements. The Strategy prioritises the increase of core net 
operating income, capital management, risk management reinforcement, business efficiency, liquidity 
management, human resources management and corporate governance. 
In 2019, the Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing 
position and establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the 
medium and long term ("Transformation Plan"). The Transformation Plan had a 5-year timeline with an 
intention to establish new ways of working that would create positive results, making the Issuer more 
competitive, efficient and digital, with a focus on the quality of service provided to the customer. 
In view of the changing circumstances and challenges facing Banco Montepio, the banking sector and the 
Portuguese economy, the Board of Directors of the Issuer reassessed the objectives and measures set out 
in the Transformation Plan and adopted a multi-dimensional, multi-year adjustment programme in 2020, 
through four main strategic pillars: (i) business model enhancement, (ii) operational adjustment, (iii) capital 
preservation, and (iv) Group simplification. 
(i) 
The business model enhancement focuses on strengthening customer-oriented banking services and 
improving proximity relationships in a more comprehensive channel mix, on strengthening 
financing to the economy by supporting the financial needs of households and SMEs, and on 
developing distribution capacity and complementary margin in order to reinforce the profitability of 
Banco Montepio's domestic operation. 
(ii) 
The operational adjustment focuses on accelerating the Bank's digital transition, through the 
adoption of best market practices, both in terms of customer experience and operational efficiency. 
In line with the simplification of Banco Montepio Group's activity, the operating and customer 
service model is being adjusted, namely aiming to: 
- 
Strengthen the business model, reinforcing the focus on products with greater added value for 
the Customer;  
- 
Accelerate the digital transition, both in internal processes and in Customer relationship 
platforms;  
- 
Increase efficiency, namely by reviewing internal processes and regulations;  
- 
Adjust the distribution model by merging geographically redundant branches; and  
- 
Implement new concepts and new ways of working, valuing collaboration and flexibility and 
promoting a better balance between personal and professional life. 
As part of the optimisation of distribution channels, Banco Montepio pursued the resizing of its 
branch network according to geographical coverage, profitability, and market size, without prejudice 
to the adequate coverage of the customer base and business stability - between the end of 2019 and 
31 December 2022, the Bank closed 91 branches (39 in 2020, 37 in 2021 and 15 in 2022), 
materialising savings in operating costs.   
At the same time, Banco Montepio approved the resizing of the workforce through a number of 
measures, including early retirement, mutual agreement terminations and labour flexibility measures 
to accommodate new forms of work, such as part-time and remote work. In order to provide the best 
conditions and support to employees who wish to join the voluntary programme, the Ministry of 
Labour, Solidarity and Social Security authorised the extension of the quota for eligibility for social 
protection in unemployment to 400 employees. The measures implemented contributed to a net 
reduction in the Banco Montepio Group's workforce by 556 employees compared to the end of 2019. 
(iii) With regard to Capital preservation, Banco Montepio improved its capital ratios by adopting several 
measures aimed at reducing Risk Weighted Assets ("RWA") through efficient management of the 
loan and securities portfolio and divestment in non-performing assets.

--- Page 95 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 87 - 
70-41053780 
 
2022 was a year of consolidation of the growing capital trajectory, with the total capital ratio 
reaching 16.2 per cent., above the OCR and the Pillar 2 Guidance, benefiting from the conclusion 
of the first synthetic securitisation of mortgage loans made in Portugal with a positive impact of 
0.36 percentage points in the ratio.  
Also worthy of note was the preservation of profitability, with net income reaching €33.8 million in 
2022, maintaining the growth trajectory that began in 2021.  
Additionally, there was a favourable evolution of the NPE ratio which set at 5.2 per cent. in 2022, 
through the reduction trend of the NPE stock, driven by the outcome of the recovery of important 
loans, but without conditioning the favourable evolution of capital ratios, and which supported the 
upgrade of the risk ratings assigned in 2022.   
Banco Montepio also met the objectives outlined in the real estate risk reduction plan for 2022, 
having recorded a net deleveraging of the real estate portfolio of €181.4 million in 2022, and with 
the ratio of real estate to net assets reaching 2.1 per cent., bringing forward the commitment assumed 
for the end of 2024. 
(iv) With regards to simplifying the Group's corporate structure, the adjustment measures are aimed at 
disposing of shareholdings in the domestic and international markets, as well as modernising and 
streamlining the Banco Montepio Group's internal procedures. 
In the international market, Banco Montepio concluded the liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral 
Cabo Verde on 30 September 2022 and estimates the closing of the sale transaction of the 
participation in Finibanco Angola during 2023.   
In the domestic market, the Banco Montepio Group's Board of Directors approved the integration 
of the activity of Banco Empresas Montepio into Banco Montepio, which should occur during 2023.  
In 2022, Banco Montepio materialised the benefits from the restructuring efforts, with a structural impact 
on the organisation, which allows to proceed with the execution of the strategic initiatives in the 2023-2025 
period and ensure the business sustainability, notwithstanding the challenging macroeconomic and 
financial context, marked by geopolitical tensions and the change in the economic and financial context.  
The measures included in the adjustment plan reinforce the 4 strategic objectives that support Banco 
Montepio's action, in line with the mission statement approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders – 
maximising operating income, digital transformation and operational adjustment, capital preservation and 
simplification of governance - and consider 5 vectors of analysis identified in view of the challenges of the 
current context, within the preparation of the multi-year budget - retail, companies, organization, processes 
and IT, talent and social economy. 
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions 
In 2019 Banco Montepio established a partnership with IBM to introduce artificial intelligence and 
cognitive technology tools as part of its programme to introduce digital transformation and to optimise 
customer experience and business processes.  
To accelerate Banco Montepio's innovation and automation strategy, in 2022 the Issuer reinforced the 
automation and reengineering of processes, progressed in data collection and processing models, adjusted 
its service model, optimised customer journeys and improved cybersecurity mechanisms. 
M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio's Automated Real-time Interaction Assistant), the voice-answering virtual agent 
which operates using artificial intelligence and that is able to carry out virtual conversations with customers 
to resolve calls without the need to resort to a human operator, continued to progressively expand its 
customer service capacity and its ability to understand Customers' intentions, improving contact execution 
and providing Customers with a more empathetic and personalised experience, contributing to a gradual 
increase in trust in Banco Montepio. 
M.A.R.I.A. began by activating debit and credit cards, rapidly moving on to receiving orders for balance 
and movement enquiries (accounts and cards), transfers between Banco Montepio's accounts, interbank 
transfers and immediate transfers. At the end of 2022, M.A.R.I.A. recorded a customer service satisfaction 
score of 83 per cent., which was slightly higher than at the end of 2021.

--- Page 96 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 88 - 
70-41053780 
 
Current Activities 
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core 
business focused on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad. 
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and 
services, such as mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment 
management services and the provision of credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers' financial 
needs. As a comprehensive and diversified group, it provides its retail and corporate customers (the latter 
of which mainly consists of SMEs and middle market companies) a universal offer of complementary 
products and services through its domestic distribution network. 
The Issuer has also been offering international transactions to its Portuguese customers, particularly by way 
of the provision of foreign currency, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on attracting 
deposits from non-resident Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group currently has five 
representative offices in Paris, Toronto, Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark. 
Analysis of the Issuer's financial performance 
2022 consolidated activity and results (audited) 
Banco Montepio has been carrying out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation of 
an economically sustainable business model, in order to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and 
enable the organic growth of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continues to 
deleverage its balance sheet, which resulted in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real 
estate exposures. In addition, the Issuer's liquidity position was strengthened by attracting and retaining 
customer deposits and actively managing its securities portfolio to meet regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 _______________  
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022/ 31 
December 2021 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and 
deposits to credit institutions payable on demand 
and Other loans and advances to credit 
institutions ...........................................................  
3,264 
1,542 
-1,722 
-52.7% 
Loans and advances to customers ........................  
11,668 
11,713 
45 
0.4% 
Securities portfolio and other financial assets*....  
3,339 
4,387 
1,049 
31.4% 
Non current assets held for sale and Investment 
Properties ............................................................  
142 
73 
-69 
-48.7% 
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ............................................................  
0 
200 
199 
46,411.8% 
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets ...........  
467 
420 
-47 
-10.1% 
Other ...................................................................  
834 
771 
-62 
-7.5% 
Total assets .........................................................  
19,713 
19,106 
-607 
-3.1% 
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from 
other credit institutions ........................................  
3,457 
3,232 
-226 
-6.5% 
Deposits from customers .....................................  
12,787 
13,115 
328 
2.6% 
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated 
debt .....................................................................  
1,834 
824 
-1,011 
-55.1% 
Non current liabilities held for sale - 
Discontinued operations ......................................  
0 
102 
101 
30,817.0% 
Other ...................................................................  
271 
314 
43 
16.0% 
Total liabilities ...................................................  
18,350 
17,587 
-763 
-4.2% 
Share capital ........................................................  
2,420 
2,420 
0 
0.0% 
Legal reserve, Fair value reserves, Other reserves 
and Retained earnings and Non-controlling 
Interests ...............................................................  
-1,063 
-934 
129 
-12.1%

--- Page 97 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 89 - 
70-41053780 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022/ 31 
December 2021 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Consolidated net income for the year attributable 
to the Shareholders ..............................................  
7 
34 
27 
414.4% 
Total Shareholder's equity................................  
1,363 
1,519 
156 
11.5% 
Total liabilities and Shareholder's equity ........  
19,713 
19,106 
-607 
-3.1% 
 
* 
Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest). 
Capital 
In 2022, Banco Montepio implemented a set of measures aimed at improving capital ratios, namely through 
the reduction of RWA, focusing on the deleveraging of the balance sheet through divestment in non-
performing or non-strategic assets, focusing on the growth of the core business of lending in segments with 
lower risk, and with the objective of maximising the return on equity. 
RWA maintained its downward trajectory, recording a decrease of €524 million compared to the end of 
2021, despite the business growth, mainly due to the reduction of non-core assets as well as the completion 
of a new securitisation transaction, under the synthetic format, which focused on a mortgage loan portfolio, 
completed on 21 December 2022. The reduction of the stock of Non-Performing Loans, of real estate and 
of investment units, contributed notably to the reduction of RWA, together with a recomposition of the 
balance sheet, which benefited from an efficient management of risk allocation in the credit portfolios, with 
a different credit risk profile and lower consumption of underlying capital. 
Total own funds increased to €1,343 million on 31 December 2022, compared to €1,328 million on 31 
December 2021, reflecting the favourable evolution of net income for the year, with an impact on the 
reduction of deferred tax assets, as well as the exchange rate reserve due to the appreciation of the Kwanza 
against the Euro and the Dollar, which more than offset the unfavourable impacts of the phasing-in of IFRS 
9. 
As at 31 December 2022, the CET1 and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, pursuant to the phasing-
in rules, amounted to 13.7 per cent. and 16.2 per cent., respectively, compared to 12.7 per cent. and 15.1 
per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
On a fully implemented basis, as at 31 December 2022, the CET1 ratio was 13.2 per cent. and the Total 
Capital ratio was 15.7 per cent. The difference between the fully implemented capital ratios and the phasing-
in capital ratios was mainly due to IFRS 9 phasing-in. As at 31 December 2019, the Issuer had completed 
the implementation of the deferred tax regime, and is only subject to completing the transition to IFRS 9. 
Furthermore, Banco Montepio has endorsed the prudential filter relating to the fair-value reserves of public 
debt, the impact of which is negligible. 
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, amounted to 5.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 
compared to 5.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, which is above the minimum benchmark defined by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (3 per cent.). 
In accordance with the provisions in force on 31 December 2022, the OCR, which include the combined 
buffer requirements, were 9.08 per cent, 11.19 per cent. and 14.01 per cent for Common Equity tier 1, Tier 
1 and Total Capital, respectively. As of 31 December 2022, the capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio 
were above the required prudential levels, with significant buffers in relation to the OCR, including the 
combined buffer requirements, not only under the phasing in criteria, but also on a fully implemented basis. 
Notwithstanding, the Board of Directors remains committed to the reinforcement of capital ratios and will 
maintain a set of initiatives to this end (such as the continuous reduction of the NPE and real estate assets 
exposure).

--- Page 98 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 90 - 
70-41053780 
 
The table below sets out the Issuer's own funds and capital ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. 
OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022/ 31 
December 2021 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total own funds (€ millions) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ........................................ 
1,122 
1,135 
13 
1.2% 
Tier 1 ................................................................... 
1,122 
1,136 
14 
1.3% 
Total Capital ........................................................ 
1,328 
1,343 
15 
1.1% 
Risk-weighted assets .......................................... 
8,800 
8,276 
(524) 
(5.9%) 
Phasing-in ratios ................................................ 
  
Common Equity Tier 1 ........................................ 
12.7% 
13.7% 
 
1.0 p.p. 
Tier 1 ................................................................... 
12.7% 
13.7% 
 
1.0 p.p. 
Total Capital ...................................................... 
15.1% 
16.2% 
 
1.1 p.p. 
Fully implemented ratios .................................. 
  
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ........................................ 
11.8% 
13.2% 
 
1.4 p.p. 
Tier 1 ................................................................... 
11.8% 
13.2% 
 
1.4 p.p. 
Total Capital ........................................................ 
14.2% 
15.7% 
 
1.5 p.p. 
Leverage ratios .................................................. 
  
 
 
Phasing-In ........................................................... 
5.6% 
5.9% 
 
0.3 p.p. 
Fully implemented .............................................. 
5.1% 
5.6% 
 
0.5 p.p. 
 
The table below sets out a summary of the Issuer's capital requirements as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 under phasing-in: 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
(€ thousand) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
Share capital 
2,420,000 
2,420,000 
Consolidated net income for the year attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair 
value reserves and other reserves and retained earnings 
(1,069,770) 
(911,956) 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
4,007 
3,496 
Other regulatory adjustments 
(232,716) 
(376,156) 
1,121,521 
1,135,384 
Tier 1 Capital 
 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
199 
763 
1,121,720 
1,136,147 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
Subordinated debt 
206,323 
206,323 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
199 
420 
206,522 
206,743 
Total own funds 
1,328,242 
1,342,890 
Own funds' requirements 
 
Credit risk 
606,992 
563,133 
Market risk 
0 
14,375 
Operational risk 
50,841 
49,752 
Other requirements 
46,165 
34,851 
703,998 
662,111 
Prudential ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
12.7% 
13.7% 
Tier 1 ratio 
12.7% 
13.7% 
Total Capital ratio 
15.1% 
16.2% 
 
A General Meeting was held on 10 February 2023 and an unanimous decision was taken on the 
reformulation of the equity items with the special purpose of reinforcing the funds susceptible of regulatory 
qualification as distributable, with a view to covering negative retained earnings, by reducing share capital

--- Page 99 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 91 - 
70-41053780 
 
by €1,210,000,000, without changing the number of existing shares and without altering the total equity 
value. 
This change will not have any impact on the amount of own funds of the Issuer since it does not imply any 
changes in the total equity, as demonstrated in the below calculations of capital requirements considering 
this change: 
31 December 
2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
Share capital 
1,210,000 
Consolidated net income for the year attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair 
value reserves and other reserves and retained earnings 
298,044 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
4,007 
Other regulatory adjustments 
(376,156) 
1,135, 895 
Tier 1 Capital 
 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
763 
1,136, 658 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
Subordinated debt 
206,323 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2 
420 
206,743 
Total own funds 
1, 343,401 
Own funds' requirements 
 
Credit risk 
563,133 
Market risk 
14,375 
Operational risk 
49,752 
Other requirements 
34,851 
662,111 
Prudential ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
13.7% 
Tier 1 ratio 
13.7% 
Total Capital ratio 
16.2% 
 
Customers' resources 
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has developed a series of initiatives aimed at targeting new and retaining 
current, customer resources, under its liquidity risk management strategy. 
Total customers' resources amounted to €14,477 million as at 31 December 2022, of which €13,319 million 
correspond to total on-balance customers' resources, with 98.5 per cent. referring to deposits from 
customers. 
As at 31 December 2022, deposits from customers amounted to €13,115 million, predominantly made up 
of individual customers deposits, representing 73.4 per cent. of total deposits. 
In 2022, deposits from customers increased €405 million in comparison with 2021 (restated), with term 
deposits increasing by €135 million and sight deposits increasing by €271 million. The deposits from 
customers maintained the trend in sight deposits/term deposits mix, which was 51 per cent./49 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2022 (compared to 50 per cent./50 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (restated)). 
As at 31 December 2022, securities placed with customers amounted to €204 million, compared to €209 
million as at 31 December 2021 (restated). 
Off-balance sheet resources reached €1,158 million as at 31 December 2022, compared to €1,045 million 
recorded as at 31 December 2021 (restated) (an increase of 10.8 per cent.). The positive difference was due 
to the increases recorded in the Real Estate Investment Funds (+€118 million) and in the securities 
investment funds (+€5 million), which more than offset the reduction recorded in the pension funds (-€8 
million) and in the Capitalisation insurance (-€2 million).

--- Page 100 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 92 - 
70-41053780 
 
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
CUSTOMERS' RESOURCES 
 _______________  
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 2022/ 
31 December 2021 
 
(restated)* 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Deposits from customers .......................  
12,787 
12,710 
13,115 
328 
2.6 
Sight Deposits(1) ......................................  
6,428 
6,366 
6,637 
209 
3.3 
Term Deposits(2) ......................................  
6,359 
6,343 
6,478 
119 
1.9 
Securities placed with Customers ............  
209 
209 
204 
(5) 
(2.1) 
Total On-Balance sheet resources ........  
12,996 
12,919 
13,319 
323 
2.5 
Off-Balance sheet resources ....................  
1,045 
1,045 
1,158 
113 
10.8 
Total Customers' resources ..................  
14,041 
13,964 
14,477 
436 
3.1 
 
(1) corresponds to Deposits repayable on demand, Other deposits and Adjustments from operations at fair value option 
(2) corresponds to corresponds to Term deposits and Saving accounts 
* Customers’ resources as at 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited 
Issued Debt 
As at 31 December 2022, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt decreased by 
€1,011 million (-55.1 per cent.) to stand at €824 million, compared to €1,834 million recorded as at 31 
December 2021, as a result of the reduction in covered bonds (-€888 million), which includes the maturity 
of series 10 (€750 million) and the repurchases which occurred in 2022 (€134 million), and the decrease in 
certain securitisations (-€123 million). 
Liquidity 
In 2022, Banco Montepio continued to promote management measures aimed at upholding the robust 
liquidity position, with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force. 
The management of Banco Montepio's balance sheet led to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) reaching 
249.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, compared to a ratio of 264.1 per cent. recorded as at 31 December 
2021, thus standing 149.6 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent. 
Additionally, the Issuer maintained a comfortable stable funding base, determined by the outlined funding 
structure, namely through recourse to medium and long-term instruments, which enabled the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio ("NSFR") to stand at 125.0 per cent., in line with the value of 125.3 per cent. recorded on 
31 December 2021. 
The performance of Deposits from customers and the growth of Loans and advances to customers led to a 
loan-to-deposit ratio (Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers), calculated in 
accordance with the Bank of Portugal Instruction no. 16/2004, of 89.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 
compared to 91.5 (restated) per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
LOAN TO DEPOSITS RATIOS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 
December 
2022/ 31 
December 
2021 
 
(restated)* 
Loans and advances to customers / 
Deposits from customers (a) 
91.2 
91.5 
89.3 
(1.9) p.p. 
Loans and advances to customers / Total 
on-balance sheet customers' resources (b)  
81.0 
81.2 
85.4 
4.4 p.p. 
 _______________  
(a) 
In compliance with Instruction of the Banco de Portugal No. 16/2004, as amended.

--- Page 101 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 93 - 
70-41053780 
 
(b) 
Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Deposits from customers and Debt securities issued, as published in the Financial 
Statements. 
* Loan to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
The total value of the pool of eligible assets as at 31 December 2022 increased by €1,747 million as 
compared to 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2022, the value of the pool of collateral for Eurosystem 
operations amounted to €5,555 million, compared to €3,808 million as at 31 December 2021. At the end of 
2022, this pool included marketable assets, namely eligible debt instruments, amounting to €5,030 million, 
and non-marketable assets, such as eligible credit rights granted to Non-Financial Corporations and Public 
Sector Entities, namely bank loans and drawn credit lines, amounting to €525 million. Additionally, there 
was a decrease of €1,555 million in the deposits with the Bank of Portugal for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (amounting to €1,234 million) when compared with the year ended 31 December 2021, to the 
detriment of the investment in eligible assets. 
The use of ECB resources as at 31 December 2022 increased by €26 million to €2,984 million compared 
to the amount as at 31 December 2021, within an efficient funding management, with a view to reinforcing 
stable funding, with a positive impact in the NSFR ratio. The use of Eurosystem monetary policy operations 
falls under the support given to the economy, with a view to optimising the long-term funding, namely 
through participation in Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations, in the context of the non-
conventional expansionary monetary policy measures implemented by the ECB. In terms of available 
collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets increased by €1,721 million to an amount 
of €2,571 million as at 31 December 2022. The liquidity buffer, derived from the sum of the Cash and 
deposits in central banks and the available liquidity resulting from the pool of ECB eligible assets, exceeded 
the €3.9 billion threshold at the end of 2022, therefore, contributing to the strengthening of the liquidity 
ratios and to the liquidity of the Issuer. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing operations with the ECB as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 2022/2021 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Pool of eligible assets (a)................................................... 
3,808 
5,555 
1,747 
45.9 
Use of the pool(b) ............................................................. 
2,958 
2,984 
26 
0.9 
Pool of available assets .................................................. 
850 
2,571 
1,721 
>100 
 _______________  
(a) 
Includes eligible assets, free of onus, for operations in the Collateralised Interbank Market. 
(b) Includes monetary policy operations and SICOI. These figures include also off-balance sheet items. 
 
Asset Quality 
As at 31 December 2022, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to €12,068 million, representing 
a decrease of 0.6 per cent. compared to €12,141 million as at 31 December 2021 (restated). The decrease 
in Gross loans and advances compared to 31 December 2021 was due to the €320 million reduction of non-
performing loans within the deleverage strategy, notwithstanding Banco Montepio's commitment to 
supporting families, companies and social economy entities. Thus, excluding the NPL component, gross 
performing loans grew by €246 million compared to the end of 2021 (+2.2 per cent.). 
The decrease in the loan portfolio was recorded at the same time as the improvement in credit quality 
indicators, which benefited from a rigorous credit risk policy, as well as from the measures that were 
approved and adopted in the credit monitoring and recovery areas. Thus, as a result of the actions that have 
been implemented, and notwithstanding the increase at the end of 2022, both in the number of new contracts 
that went into default (+67 per cent.) and the amount in default (+93 per cent.), compared to 2021, the 
values remained below those recorded in the pre-moratorium period, -25 per cent. and -61 per cent., 
respectively, compared to the end of 2019. 
The decrease in Gross loans and advances to customers was driven by a decrease in loans to individuals of 
€126 million (-2.0 per cent.), of which -€99 million in mortgage loans (-1.7 per cent.) and -€27 million in

--- Page 102 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 94 - 
70-41053780 
 
other loans (-3.6 per cent.). Banco Montepio's Gross loans’ performance was also impacted by the €5 
million increase in the corporate segment (+0.1 per cent.).  
Noteworthy was the positive business performance in Corporate loans, with a weight of 47.6 per cent. of 
the total gross loan portfolio (47.1 per cent. in 2021), as a result of internal measures adopted, revealing 
initiative capacity and business recovery potential, in a context of economic slowdown and increase in 
reference interest rates. On the other hand, there was a lower performance in the Individuals segment, with 
mortgage loans representing 88.2 per cent. of this segment, and showing a higher level of repayment 
compared to the new operations raised.  
It should be noted, however, that Banco Montepio's volume of corporate loans was influenced by the 
reduction in the amounts lent to the construction and real estate activities sector, thus reducing the heavy 
weight of this sector (from 25.5 per cent. in 2019 to 17.2 per cent. in 2022), and conferring greater balance 
to the sectoral distribution of credit (the weight of loans to manufacturing industries changed from 
approximately 16 per cent. in 2019 to 20.6 per cent. in 2022). 
Within the scope of Banco Montepio's adjustment programme, the improvement of credit quality is also 
based on a more effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising 
recoveries and by corporate finance solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of 
individuals, companies (especially small and medium-sized enterprises) and social economy entities. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
(By sector of activity) 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022/31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Individuals ..................................................................  
6,453 
6,327 
(126) 
(2.0) 
Housing loans ...............................................................  
5,680 
5,581 
(99) 
(1.7) 
Others ...........................................................................  
773 
746 
(27) 
(3.6) 
Corporate ....................................................................  
5,736 
5,741 
5 
0.1 
Manufacturing industries ..............................................  
1,031 
1,185 
154 
15.0 
Wholesale and retail trade ............................................  
860 
886 
26 
3.1 
Construction and Real estate activities .........................  
1,065 
990 
(75) 
(7.0) 
Accommodation and catering activities ........................  
596 
569 
(27) 
(4.5) 
Financial and insurance activities .................................  
493 
372 
(121) 
(24.6) 
Transportation and storage ...........................................  
393 
385 
(8) 
(2.0) 
Business Services .........................................................  
367 
406 
39 
10.3 
Other collective service activities .................................  
340 
379 
39 
11.6 
Others ...........................................................................  
592 
569 
(23) 
(3.9) 
Gross loans and advances to customers ....................  
12,189 
12,068 
(122) 
(1.0) 
Impairment for credit risks .......................................  
522 
355 
(167) 
(32.1) 
Loans and advances to customers .............................  
11,668 
11,713 
45 
0.4 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the Loans and advances to customers included receivables assigned to the cover 
pool relating to Banco Montepio's covered bond programme, which totalled €2,753 million. This 
represented an increase from €2,747 million as at 31 December 2021. Loans that were subject to 
securitisation and not derecognised on the balance sheet totalled €776 million, compared to €994 million 
as at 31 December 2021. 
On 31 December 2022, the credit that the Banco Montepio Group granted to its shareholders and related 
parties amounted to €25,375 thousand (€12,214 thousand as at 31 December 2021). The execution of 
transactions between the Banco Montepio Group and its shareholders or related natural or legal persons is 
always subject to deliberation and appreciation by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, under 
the terms of article 20 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), at the proposal 
of the commercial network and supported by an analysis and opinion, issued by the Risk Division, on 
compliance with the limit established in article 109 of the General Regime of Credit Institutions and

--- Page 103 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 95 - 
70-41053780 
 
Financial Companies. The impairment for credit risk for these contracts amounts to €62 thousand as at 31 
December 2022 (€362 thousand as at 31 December 2021). 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia's invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 made it more difficult 
to reduce non-performing loans by tightening market conditions for selling NPLs and reducing the ability 
of the non-financial private sector to service debt, making it more difficult to clear NPLs through cures. 
Despite these challenges, Banco Montepio reduced the weight of NPE to total gross loans and advances to 
customers to 5.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (compared to 7.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). 
This was due to the decrease in NPEs to €631 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to 31 December 
2021. The NPE ratio net of loan impairment stood at 2.3 per cent. at 31 December 2022, evolving 
favourably compared to the 3.6 per cent. recorded at the end of 2021. 
In 2022, Banco Montepio reinforced the coverage of NPEs by impairment for credit risk and associated 
collateral and financial guarantees to 100.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, compared to 95.9 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2021, while the coverage by impairments for credit risks amounted to 56.1 per cent., 
compared to 53.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
LOAN QUALITY INDICATORS 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated)* 
 
31 December 
2022 
 
Change 31 December 
2022/ 31 December 
2021 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers .............  
12,189 
12,141 
12,068 
(122) 
(1.0) 
Past due loans and advances and interest - more 
than 90 days(*) ...................................................  
 
361 
 
358 
 
270 
(91) 
(25.2) 
Impairment for credit risks ................................  
522 
512 
355 
(167) 
(32.1) 
Ratios (%) 
  
  
  
  
 
Cost of credit risk ..............................................  
0.4 
0.4 
0.1 
(0.3) 
p.p. 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 
days ...................................................................  
3.0 
2.9 
2.2 
(0.8) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross 
loans and advances to customers .......................  
 
8.0 
 
7.8 
 
5.2 
 
(2.8) 
 
p.p. 
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans and 
advances to customers .......................................  
 
5.1 
 
5.0 
 
4.3 
 
(0.8) 
 
p.p. 
Coverage by Impairments for credit risks 
(%) 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 
days ...................................................................  
144.4 
143.0 
131.2 
(13.2) 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) ...........................  
53.5 
53.8 
56.1 
2.6 
p.p. 
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also 
including associated collaterals and financial 
guarantees (a) ......................................................  
 
96.0 
 
95.9 
 
100.8 
 
4.8 
 
p.p. 
 _______________  
(a) 
EBA definition 
* Loan quality figures as at 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's past due loans and advances and interest amount stood at €278.6 
million or 2.3 per cent. of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers, compared with €402.9 million 
or 3.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, 
by type of customer and purpose, is as follows: 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Corporate 
Construction/Production .............................................................  
33,270 
55,818 
Investment ..................................................................................  
141,395 
190,187 
Working capital(1) .......................................................................  
56,017 
88,822 
Other ..........................................................................................  
11,009 
17,667 
Retail 
  
  
Mortgage loans ...........................................................................  
15,809 
27,587 
Consumer credit .........................................................................  
17,767 
16,366

--- Page 104 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 96 - 
70-41053780 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Other ..........................................................................................  
3,358 
6,475 
278,625 
402,922 
 ________________________  
(1) corresponds to "Treasury" 
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Past due loans and advances and interest 
Less than 90 days ..................................................................................  
8,415 
41,504 
More than 90 days .................................................................................  
270,210 
361,418 
 
278,625 
402,922 
 
In the context of Banco Montepio's strategy of rebalancing its asset structure, in 2021, Banco Montepio 
proceeded with the identification and implementation of measures aimed at enhancing the levels of liquidity 
and active management of the portfolio of securities and other instruments. 
As at 31 December 2022, the securities portfolio and other financial assets amounted to €4,387 million, 
compared to €3,302 million as at 31 December 2021 (restated). 
In analysing the securities portfolio by type of instrument, there was a year-on-year increase of €1,128 
million in bonds and other debt instruments, which includes Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Greek public 
debt, that led to an increase of 32.9 per cent. in the portfolio of securities and other instruments as compared 
to 31 December 2021. 
As was the case at year-end 2021, the portfolio of securities and other instruments as at 31 December 2022 
was mostly comprised of bonds and other debt instruments, whose weight in the total portfolio increased 
to 95.6 per cent. In turn, the proportion of participation units and commercial paper decreased to 3.1 per 
cent. and equities decreased to 0.6 per cent. of the portfolio. 
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group's credit risk exposure as at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022: 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
(€ thousand) 
Loans and payables at credit institutions payable on demand .................. 
67,360 
52,287 
Other loans and advances to credit institutions ........................................ 
229,065 
106,376 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................................ 
11,667,688 
11,713,097 
Financial assets held for trading .............................................................. 
7,582 
21,697 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.................................. 
9,768 
8,970 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ........ 
101,128 
76,252 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................ 
5,411 
-  
Other financial assets at amortised cost ................................................... 
3,004,196 
4,119,387 
Other assets ............................................................................................. 
76,406 
81,939 
Guarantees............................................................................................... 
479,831 
462,194 
Irrevocable credit lines ............................................................................ 
694,072 
720,589 
Revocable credit lines ............................................................................. 
845,581 
908,210 
 
17,188,088 
18,270,998 
Earnings 
In 2022 Banco Montepio recorded a positive consolidated net income for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of €33.8 million compared to €6.6 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, achieving six 
consecutive quarters with positive net results, supported by business growth, improved operational 
efficiency and a reduction in the cost of risk.

--- Page 105 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 97 - 
70-41053780 
 
In 2022, net income benefited from the positive contribution of operating income, particularly net interest 
income and net commissions, from the reduction of operating costs and from lower impairment charges 
and provisions, particularly those related to credit risk.  
The benefits of the operational adjustment programme are particularly visible in the favourable evolution 
of staff costs, even excluding the impact of the restructuring costs recorded in 2021 and 2022.  
In turn, the improvement in the cost of risk, evidencing the quality of credit origination in recent years, 
determined lower allocations to impairments and provisions.   
On the other hand, there was an increase in regulatory contributions, namely on the banking sector, and to 
the resolution funds, which totaled to €25.9 million in 2022 (€22.7 million in 2021), representing an 
expressive burden on income before tax. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net interest income (1) .......................................  
243.5 
232.6 
251.5 
18.9 
8.1 
Net fee and commission income (2) .....................  
116.3 
114.7 
120.5 
5.8 
5.1 
Core total operating income ((1)+(2)) ...............  
359.8 
347.3 
372.0 
24.7 
7.1 
Dividends from equity instruments ......................  
1.8 
1.8 
1.0 
(0.8) 
(45.8) 
Results from financial operations .........................  
10.8 
10.8 
12.0 
1.2 
11.0 
Other results(a) ......................................................  
6.6 
7.8 
(14.9) 
(22.7) 
(292.0) 
Total operating income (3) .................................  
379.0 
367.7 
370.1 
2.4 
0.6 
Staff Costs ............................................................  
164.2 
159.1 
152.6 
(6.5) 
(4.1) 
General and administrative expenses ....................  
64.7 
61.3 
59.7 
(1.5) 
(2.5) 
Depreciation and amortization .............................  
35.3 
34.1 
34.0 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
Operating costs (4) .............................................  
264.1 
254.4 
246.4 
(8.0) 
(3.2) 
Operating costs, excluding specific impacts(b) ..  
249.4 
239.8 
235.8 
(4.0) 
(1.7) 
Net operating income before provisions and 
impairments ((3)-(4)) ..........................................  
114.9 
113.3 
123.7 
10.4 
9.2 
Net provisions and impairments ...........................  
80.5 
82.9 
44.5 
(38.4) 
(46.3) 
Share of profits/(losses) booked under the equity 
method .................................................................  
0.0 
0.0 
0.5 
0.5 
17,875.2 
Profit/(loss) before income tax ...........................  
34.4 
30.4 
79.7 
49.3 
162.4 
Income tax ............................................................  
25.3 
24.9 
35.6 
10.7 
42.7 
Profit / (loss) after income tax from continuing 
operations............................................................  
9.2 
5.4 
44.1 
38.7 
710.0 
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations............  
(1.5) 
2.3 
(13.0) 
(15.2) 
(674.1) 
Non-controlling interests ......................................  
1.1 
1.1 
(2.7) 
(3.8) 
(337.0) 
Consolidated net income for the period 
attributable for the shareholder ........................  
6.6 
6.6 
33.8 
27.2 
414.4 
 
 _______________  
(a) 
Other results is comprised by "Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets" and "Other operating income / 
(expense)" 
(b) Excluding the amount related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses arising from the operational 
adjustment measures (€14.7 million in 2021 and €10.5 million in 2022). 
Total operating income increased to €370.1 million in 2022, compared to €367.7 million recorded in 2021 
(restated). This represented an increase of 0.6 per cent. benefiting from the increases in net interest income 
(+€18.9 million), net fee and commission income (+€5.8 million) and results from financial operations 
(+€1.2 million), despite the unfavourable evolution of other results (-€22.7 million), penalised by the 
significant weight of regulatory contributions and the costs of revaluation of liability items. 
Net interest income reached €251.5 million, compared to €232.6 million in 2021, essentially reflecting the 
increases in commercial net interest income, which benefited from the increase in market interest rates, 
favouring the operating profitability and the repricing of the loan portfolio, and the increase in the securities 
portfolio, reflecting the impact of the investment strategy, namely the acquisition of foreign and domestic 
public debt.  
In 2022, there was an increase of the interest on the loans to customers portfolio by €8.5 million in 
comparison with 2021 (restated), due to the price effect, and there was a decrease of the interest from the

--- Page 106 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 98 - 
70-41053780 
 
customers’ deposits portfolio by €2.6 million, as a result of the price management of new deposits and of 
the renewal of existing deposits, and of the increase in the proportion of sight deposits. 
Net interest income in 2022 was also positively impacted by the increase of €8.1 million observed in interest 
in the securities portfolio in comparison with 2021 (restated), which reflected the increase of the average 
interest rate from 0.2 per cent. in 2021 to 0.4 per cent. in 2022, and also the increase of the volume of the 
securities portfolio. 
The funding strategy and the investment of liquidity was decisive in compensating for the unfavourable 
effects on net interest income, benefiting from the minimum interest rate on the TLTRO on compliance 
with the net lending benchmark. In addition, there was an active management of the pricing of new deposits, 
as well as the renewal of existing deposits, and an increase in the proportion of demand deposits.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest and similar income 
Loans and advances to customers ....................................................................... 
250,095 
258,588 
Deposits from central banks and other loans and advances to credit institutions  
23,810 
22,572 
Other financial assets at amortised cost .............................................................. 
5,247 
13,161 
Financial assets held for trading ......................................................................... 
8,112 
127 
Hedging derivatives ........................................................................................... 
6,580 
5,210 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ................... 
896 
1,057 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss............................................. 
96 
135 
Other interest and similar income ....................................................................... 
10 
2 
294,846 
300,852 
Interest and similar expense 
  
  
Other subordinated debt ..................................................................................... 
19,939 
19,334 
Deposits from customers .................................................................................... 
9,608 
7,045 
Debt securities issued ......................................................................................... 
8,761 
6,841 
Financial liabilities held for trading .................................................................... 
7,764 
  
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions ................................... 
7,753 
8,579 
Hedging derivatives ........................................................................................... 
2,050 
2,781 
Lease liabilities .................................................................................................. 
466 
592 
Other interest and similar expense ...................................................................... 
5922 
4,190 
62,263 
49,362 
Net interest income ........................................................................................... 
232,583 
251,490 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the net interest margin rose to 1.37 per cent., compared to 1.29 per 
cent. in 2021, benefiting from the context of rising market interest rates, notwithstanding the highly 
competitive environment in the granting of loans, as well as the change in the portfolio structure to lower 
risk, which continued to condition the performance of this indicator, but with the counterweight of the 
optimisation of capital consumption, both through the cost of credit risk and through the Risk Weighted 
Assets. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest margin as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST MARGIN 
31 December 2021 (restated) 
31 December 2022 
 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
 
Interest 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
 
Interest 
(€ million) 
 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
Interest – generating assets 
Deposits at central banks and other credit 
institutions ..................................................... 
2,185 
(0.3) 
(7.3) 
1,631 
1.1 
18.5 
Other loans and advances to other credit 
institutions ..................................................... 
296 
0.0 
0.1 
387 
1.0 
4.1 
Loans and advances to customers .................. 
12,329 
2.0 
250.1 
12,215 
2.1 
258.6

--- Page 107 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 99 - 
70-41053780 
 
31 December 2021 (restated) 
31 December 2022 
 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
 
Interest 
Avg. 
amount 
Avg. rate 
(%) 
 
Interest 
(€ million) 
 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
(€ million) 
Securities portfolio ........................................ 
2,934 
0.2 
6.3 
3,877 
0.4 
14.3 
Other assets at fair value(1)............................. 
10 
1.0 
0.1 
9 
1.4 
0.1 
Other (includes derivatives) .......................... 
0 
0.0 
14.6 
0 
0.0 
5.2 
Interest and similar income ........................... 
17,753 
1.5 
263.8 
18,120 
1.6 
300.9 
Interest – generating liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Deposits from ECB ....................................... 
2,532 
(0.9) 
(23.6) 
2,899 
0.3 
8.0 
Deposits from other credit institutions .......... 
814 
0.0 
0.3 
373 
0.1 
0.6 
Deposits from customers ............................... 
12,461 
0.1 
9.6 
12,879 
0.1 
7.0 
Senior debt .................................................... 
1,307 
0.7 
8.8 
1,305 
0.5 
6.8 
Subordinated debt.......................................... 
216 
9.1 
19.9 
216 
8.8 
19.3 
Other (includes derivatives)(2)........................ 
0 
0.0 
16.2 
0 
0.0 
7.6 
Interest and similar expense .......................... 
17,331 
0.2 
31.2 
17,673 
0.3 
49.4 
Net interest income ...................................... 
  
1.29 
232.6 
  
1.37 
251.5 
 _______________  
(1) Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and 
similar income. 
(2) Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities 
and other interest and similar expense. 
Within the scope of the adjustment programme, the strategy outlined to increase commissions is supported 
by an adequate pricing policy adjusted to the service provided, as well as a broad offer of financial solutions 
to meet the needs of clients taking into account their age and financial profile, making Banco Montepio the 
client's first or main bank, thereby increasing the client base and the level of client loyalty to Banco 
Montepio. The aim of this strategy is to increase the number of transactions and in turn the ability to charge 
commissions. 
The net fee and commission income increased from €114.7 million in 2021 (restated) to €120.5 million in 
2022, representing an increase of 5.1 per cent., notwithstanding the effect of moratoria and applicable 
legislation regarding the charging of credit commissions, and the customer support measures implemented 
by Banco Montepio such as the suspension of commissions associated with some payment services. This 
evolution was due to the higher income related to credit operations (+€2.1 million), to account maintenance 
and management (+€1.6 million) and to payment services (+€1.3 million), reflecting the implementation of 
a set of initiatives aimed at adapting Banco Montepio’s value proposition to the service provided to 
customers. 
Results from financial operations 
The results from financial operations reached €12.0 million in 2022, reflecting an increase of €1.2 million 
compared to the €10.8 million accounted in 2021 (restated), due to the higher results from foreign exchange 
revaluation of €1.7 million, the net increase of derivative instruments and the fair value of financial assets 
and liabilities of €4.1 million, partially offset by the decrease in income from the securities portfolio of €3.9 
million. 
It should be noted that in 2022, income from financial assets and liabilities valued at fair value through 
profit or loss reflects the impacts of the revaluation of covered bond hedging, both of the instrument and 
the derivative, and incorporates the effect of the change in value of credit operations that do not comply 
with the Solely Payment of Principal and Interest ("SPPI") criteria. 
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 
December 
2022/ 31 
December 
2021 
(restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss ..................................................... 
(0.3) 
(0.3) 
(0.2) 
0.0 
17.5

--- Page 108 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 100 - 
70-41053780 
 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial 
assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..................................... 
2.0 
2.0 
1.4 
(0.6) 
(28.9) 
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange 
differences ........................................................ 
9.0 
9.1 
10.8 
1.7 
19.2 
Results from financial operations.................. 
10.8 
10.8 
12.0 
1.2 
11.0 
of which: net capital gains obtained on the 
results from sales of Portuguese sovereign 
bonds ................................................................ 
1.5 
1.5 
(1.0) 
(2.5) 
(168.0) 
 
 
Operating costs 
Operating costs for 2022 totalled €246.4 million, representing a reduction of €8.0 million (-3.2 per cent.) 
compared to 2021 (restated), capturing the synergies resulting from the implementation of the staff 
adjustment measures (early retirements and mutual agreement terminations) and the reduction of non-
strategic assets (in this case only in 2021). Excluding this effect, operating costs decreased by €4.0 million 
(-1.7 per cent.) compared to 2021. 
Staff costs in 2022 reached €152.6 million, reflecting a decrease of €6.5 million (-4.1 per cent.) compared 
to the amount of €159.1 million accounted in 2021 (restated). These costs incorporate the charges assumed 
with the early retirement and mutually agreed termination programme, including the Pension Fund 
components, compensation payments and health care costs. Excluding these impacts, staff costs decreased 
by €3.2 million compared to 2021 (-2.2 per cent.). 
General and administrative expenses stood at €59.7 million in 2022, reflecting a decrease of €1.5 million 
compared to the €61.3 million recorded in 2021  (restated) (-2.5 per cent.), supported by lower spending on 
communication costs (-€1.9 million), on Other specialised services (-€1.0 million), on Independent work (-
€0.6 million) and on water, energy and fuel (-€0.5 million), which offset the increases in the items IT 
services (+€1.0 million), advertising costs (+€0.8 million), maintenance and repairs (+€0.5 million) and 
transportation and travel, accommodation and entertainment expenses (+€0.7 million). Excluding the non-
recurring costs incurred with the write-down of non-strategic assets recorded in 2021 (€0.9 million), general 
and administrative expenses decreased by €0.7 million in 2022 (-1.0 per cent.).  
Depreciation and amortisation totalled €34.0 million in 2022 (€34.1 million in 2021 (restated)), 
materialising the investments made under the global IT and digitalisation strategy. 
The cost-to-income ratio, excluding the non-recurring costs related to the staff adjustment measures and 
the costs incurred with the reduction of non-core assets, in this case only in 2021, as well as the more 
volatile components of results, such as the Results from financial operations and other results (results from 
the sale of other assets and Other operating income), stood at 63.2 per cent. compared to 68.7 per cent. in 
2021, reflecting the combined effect of the increase in Core Operating Income and the reduction in 
operating Costs. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. 
OPERATING COSTS 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Staff Costs ..................................................  
164.2 
159.1 
152.6 
(6.5) 
(4.1) 
General and administrative expenses ..........  
64.7 
61.3 
59.7 
(1.5) 
(2.5) 
Depreciation and amortisation ....................  
35.3 
34.1 
34.0 
(0.0) 
(0.1) 
Operating costs .........................................  
264.1 
254.4 
246.4 
(8.0) 
(3.2) 
Operating costs (comparable)(a) ...............  
249.4 
239.8 
235.8 
(4.0) 
(1.7) 
Efficiency ratios 
  
  
  
  
  
Cost-to-income (Operating costs 
(comparable) / Total operating income) (a) ..  
65.8% 
65.2% 
63.7% 
(1.5) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total 
operating income) (b) ...................................  
69.7% 
69.2% 
66.6% 
(2.6) 
p.p. 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts 
(c) ................................................................  
73.0% 
72.9% 
66.1% 
(6.8) 
p.p.

--- Page 109 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 101 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 December 
2022 / 31 December 
2021 (restated) 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts 
and adjustment costs (d) ...............................  
69.0% 
68.7% 
63.2% 
(5.5) 
p.p. 
 
 _______________  
(a) 
Excludes the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €14.7 million in 2021 and of €10.5 million in 2022, 
driven by the adjustment programme. 
(b) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
(c) 
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income). 
(d) Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income) 
and the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €14.7 million in 2021 and of €10.5 million in 2022, driven 
by the adjustment programme. 
Impairments and provisions 
The impairments and provisions charges continued their downward trend, totalling €44.5 million in 2022, 
representing a decrease of €38.4 million (-46.3 per cent.) compared to 2021 (restated), a year in which, as 
in 2020, there was still the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The decrease observed in 2022 is supported 
mainly by the reduction of impairment of loans and advances to customers and credit institutions by €38.0 
million, and to a lesser extent, by the decrease in Impairment of other financial assets by €2.1 million and 
in Impairment of other assets by €6.1 million, along with the increase in Other provisions by €7.8 million. 
In 2022, impairment of loans and advances to customers and credit institutions (net of reversals) stood at 
€13.4 million, compared to €51.4 million in 2021 (restated) (-€38.0 million), determined fundamentally by 
the lower allocation of impairment for risk of loans and advances to customers (charge for the year net of 
reversals), €22.0 million in 2022, compared to €52.6 million in 2021 (restated) (-€30.6 million), a year still 
impacted by the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, both in the forward looking component and through 
moratoria and stage transitions. The evolution of impairment of loans in 2022 also benefited from the higher 
level of loan recovery and interest on loans already written off from the assets, which reached the value of 
€8.5 million compared to €4.8 million in 2021 (restated). The favourable evolution of impairment of loans 
determined a reduction in the cost of credit risk to 0.1 per cent., compared to 0.4 per cent. at the end of 
2021. The impairment allocation for loans to credit institutions also decreased from €7.4 million in 2021 
(restated) to €1.5 million in 2022. 
The aggregate of other impairments and provisions, related to other financial assets, other assets and 
provisions, totalled €31.1 million in 2022 and compares with €31.5 million recorded in 2021 (restated), 
essentially reflecting the reinforcement of impairments for real estate properties for trading and the 
provisions charges for off-balance exposures.  
Impairment of other financial assets totalled €2.3 million as a result of the reinforcement associated to the 
acquisition of public debt (essentially Italian and Spanish) for the portfolio of other financial assets at 
amortised cost.  
Regarding impairment of other assets, the amount disclosed in 2022 reached €24.9 million (€31.0 million 
in 2021 (restated)), as a result of the allocations made for the real estate properties for trading (€22.5 million) 
and the provisioning related to the process of branches’ closure (€1.4 million). 
The other provisions totalled €3.9 million in 2022 (-€3.9 million in 2021 (restated)), and result from the 
provisions charges net of reversals for guarantees and commitments exposures by €3.2 million and for 
others risks and charges, namely legal proceedings by €0.7 million. 
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 
(restated) 
31 December 
2022 
Change 31 
December 2022 / 31 
December 2021 
(restated) 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Impairment of loans and advances to customers 
and to credit institutions ..................................... 
54.3 
51.4 
13.4 
(38.0) 
(74.0) 
Impairment of other financial assets .................. 
(0.2) 
4.4 
2.3 
(2.1) 
(47.0)

--- Page 110 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 102 - 
70-41053780 
 
Impairment of other assets ................................. 
31.0 
31.0 
24.9 
(6.1) 
(19.8) 
Other provisions................................................. 
(4.6) 
(3.9) 
3.9 
7.8 
(200.6) 
Net provisions and impairment ...................... 
80.5 
82.9 
44.5 
(38.4) 
(46.3) 
 
 
International activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by its subsidiaries Finibanco 
Angola and Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. ("Banco MG Cabo Verde”) 
(the latter, until 30 September 2022).  
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus 
on domestic operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.6 per 
cent. of the share capital of Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments 
will be settled over the time. Under this agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. 
and 1.15 per cent. of the share capital of this subsidiary in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Thus, as at 31 
December 2022, the Banco Montepio Group still had control of Finibanco Angola and an effective stake 
of 80.2 per cent. of voting rights, and a series of steps are underway for the deconsolidation of this 
subsidiary. 
In a public announcement on 4 October 2022, Banco Montepio stated that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, 
SGPS, S.A. agreed to the sale of the stake held in the share capital of Finibanco Angola S.A. to Access 
Bank Plc, a commercial bank based in Lagos, Nigeria, with a significant presence on the African continent. 
The sale value will be fully determined following the conclusion of an audit scheduled for completion 
during 2023. Considering the agreement for the sale of this holding, which was approved by Banco 
Nacional de Angola on 27 April 2023, but it is subject to the approval of the Competition Regulatory 
Authority (Autoridade Reguladora da Concorrência), Banco Montepio estimates that the accounting 
derecognition of the financial holding held by Banco Montepio Group at Finibanco Angola will occur 
during 2023. Meanwhile, in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 5, the activities pursued by this 
subsidiary will be considered as discontinued operations. 
Finibanco Angola, in which, as at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio held 80.2 per cent. of the voting 
rights, is a universal bank supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign 
trade with special focus on transactions between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its 
competitive advantage on the quality of its service. Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise 
and finance individual customers and micro-enterprises, promoting viable business initiatives. 
Finibanco Angola was incorporated on 4 September 2007 and started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 
June 2008. The expansion of the distribution network, levered on experience and the favourable evolution 
of its activity, has been accomplished through own funding, in the perspective of proximity to its customers, 
which include a total of 20 branches and corporate centres as at 31 December 2022, having closed four 
branches at the beginning of 2021 with a view to optimising its distribution channels. 
With the completion of the aforementioned sale agreement, Banco Montepio will cease to have any direct 
or indirect participation in Finibanco Angola, S.A., achieving another important milestone in the 
accomplishment of the commitments foreseen in the adjustment program, namely regarding strengthening 
the focus on the domestic market and the simplification of the Banco Montepio Group's corporate structure. 
Banco MG Cabo Verde was 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio. Considering the new legal framework 
of Cape Verde and having considered all relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors 
concluded that it would not promote the necessary changes to adapt its subsidiary Banco MG Cabo Verde, 
as a bank with generic authorisation. 
Therefore, through an unanimous written resolution dated 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole 
shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and 
liquidation of Banco MG Cabo Verde, having also approved the respective Dissolution Plan and appointed 
the liquidators. Under the terms of the Dissolution Plan, the liquidators prepared the final accounts 
accompanied by the complete liquidation report and the project for the distribution of the remaining assets, 
having the process of dissolution and voluntary liquidation been completed on 30 September 2022.

--- Page 111 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 103 - 
70-41053780 
 
As at 31 December 2022, foreign operations represented 1.0 per cent. of total assets, 0.3 per cent. of total 
loans and advances to customers and 0.7 per cent. of total customer resources. Additionally, as at 31 
December 2022 Banco Montepio maintained its five representative offices (Frankfurt, Geneva, Paris, 
Newark and Toronto) that seeks to ensure the Issuer's presence with Portuguese communities living abroad. 
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group's 
international business. 
Activity and Results 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2022 / 31 
December 2021 
Change 
 
 
 
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Total assets ......................................................................... 
265.5 
267.5 
2.0 
0.7 
Loans and advances to customers (net) .............................. 
49.0 
42.8 
(6.2) 
(12.6) 
Deposits from customers .................................................... 
164.7 
177.2 
12.6 
7.6 
Total operating income ....................................................... 
14.3 
23.1 
8.8 
61.9 
Operating costs ................................................................... 
13.7 
12.8 
(0.9) 
(6.5) 
Cost-to-Income ................................................................... 
96.1% 
55.5% 
(40.6 p.p.)  
Net income ......................................................................... 
8.8 
8.9 
0.1 
1.1 
 _______________  
Note: For comparative purposes: the financial statements of Dec-2021 and Dec-2022 of Finibanco Angola were converted using the 
same exchange rate: AOA/EUR 537.438. Since 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde has been in the process of 
voluntary dissolution and liquidation, completed on 30 September 2022. 
The Total assets of the international activity of Banco Montepio Group reached €267.5 million at 31 
December 2022, compared to €265.5 million at the end of 2021 (-€2.0 million). This evolution reflects the 
liquidation of Banco MG Cabo Verde, which produced a reduction of -€9.5 million, and the €11.4 million 
increase in total Assets of Finibanco Angola, influenced by the increase in the heading Other tangible assets 
(+€14.9 million), which more than offset the reduction observed in Loans and advances to customers (-€6.2 
million). 
On 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio Group's net income from international activity reached €8.9 
million (€8.8 million on 31 December 2021), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange 
rate effects. 
Loans and advances to customers (net) of the international activity as at 31 December 2022 showed a 
decrease of 12.6 per cent. compared to 31 December 2021, decreasing from €49.0 million as at 31 December 
2021 to €42.8 million as at 31 December 2022. 
Deposits from customers of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group amounted to €177.2 
million as at 31 December 2022, an increase of 7.6 per cent. compared to €164.7 million as at 31 December 
2021. 
The Total operating income of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to 
€23.1 million, compared to €14.3 million in 2021. This represents an increase of 61.9 per cent. 
The Operating costs of the international activity amounted to €12.8 million in the year ended 31 December 
2022, a 6.5 per cent. decrease compared to the €13.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
As a result of the operating performance, the Cost-to-income ratio of the international activity was 55.5 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2022, compared to 96.1 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
The total Assets of Finibanco Angola as at 31 December 2022, totalled €267.5 million, compared to €256.0 
million recorded at the end of 2021 (+4.5 per cent.). This evolution was mainly influenced by the increase 
in Other assets, which more than offset the decrease noted in Loans and advances to customers. 
Loans and advances to customers (net) decreased to €42.8 million as at 31 December 2022, representing a 
decrease of 12.6 per cent., from €49.0 million as at 31 December 2021. Customer deposits, as at 31

--- Page 112 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 104 - 
70-41053780 
 
December 2022, stood at €177.2 million, compared to €164.7 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 
an increase of 7.6 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2022, Operating income reached €23.1 million, representing an increase of €9.3 million 
(+67.6 per cent.) compared to the amount recorded in 2021, driven by the increases recorded in Net interest 
income (+€4.3 million), in net commissions (+€0.6 million) and in Foreign exchange revaluation results 
(+€4.8 million). 
Operating costs stood at €12.8 million in 2022 decreasing €0.4 million (-3.2 per cent.) when compared to 
the amount recorded in 2021. The reduction in Operating costs in 2022 was due to the decrease in Staff 
costs (-1.7 per cent.) and in General administrative costs (-14.9 per cent.), which more than offset the 
increase in Depreciation and amortisation (+23.5 per cent.), when compared to 2021. 
As a result of operating performance, Finibanco Angola's cost-to-income ratio stood at 55.5 per cent. in 
2022, compared to 96.1 per cent. in 2021. In 2022, the net income of Finibanco Angola increased to €8.9 
million (€7.5 million in 2021), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange rate effects. 
Key indicators 
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
  
31 
December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 restated(1) 
31 
December 
2022 
Var. 31 December 
2022/31 December 2021 
(restated)(1) 
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS (€ million) 
  
  
  
  
Total assets  
19,713 
19,713 
19,106 
(3.1%) 
Gross loans and advances to customers (a) 
12,189 
12,141 
12,068 
(0.6%) 
Deposits from customers  
12,787 
12,710 
13,115 
3.2% 
Consolidated net income 
7 
7 
34 
414.4% 
SOLVENCY (b) 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  
12.70% 
12.70% 
13.7% 
1.0p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio  
12.70% 
12.70% 
13.7% 
1.0p.p. 
Total Capital ratio  
15.10% 
15.10% 
16.2% 
1.1p.p. 
Leverage ratio  
5.6% 
5.6% 
5.9% 
0.3p.p. 
Risk weighted assets (€ million)  
8,800 
8,800 
8,276 
(5.9%) 
LIQUIDITY RATIOS 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) 
264.1% 
264.1% 
249.6% 
(14.5p.p.) 
Net stable funding ratio (NSFR) 
125.3% 
125.3% 
125.0% 
(0.3p.p.) 
LOAN TO DEPOSIT RATIOS 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from 
customers (c)  
91.2% 
91.5% 
89.3% 
(2.2p.p.) 
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet 
customer resources (d)  
81.0% 
81.2% 
85.4% 
4.2p.p. 
CREDIT QUALITY 
Cost of credit risk  
0.4% 
0.4% 
0.1% 
(0.3p.p.) 
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 
days  
3.0% 
2.9% 
2.2% 
(0.7p.p.) 
Coverage of loans and interest - overdue by more 
than 90 days by Impairment for Credit Risks  
144.4% 
143.0% 
131.2% 
(11.8p.p.) 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) / Gross loans 
and advances to customers  
8.0% 
7.8% 
5.2% 
(2.6p.p.) 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks  
53.5% 
53.8% 
56.1% 
2.3p.p. 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by 
Impairment for credit risks and associated collaterals 
and financial guarantees  
96.0% 
95.9% 
100.8% 
4.9p.p. 
Forborne exposures (e) / Gross loans and advances to 
customers  
5.1% 
5.0% 
4.3% 
(0.7p.p.) 
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
Total operating income / Average total assets (c)  
2.0% 
1.9% 
1.9% 
0.0p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (c)  
0.2% 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.2p.p. 
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (c)  
2.4% 
2.4% 
4.7% 
2.3p.p. 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating 
income) (c)  
69.7% 
69.2% 
66.6% 
(2.6p.p.) 
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and 
adjustment costs (f) 
69.0% 
68.7% 
63.2% 
(5.5p.p.) 
Staff costs / Total operating income (c)  
43.3% 
43.3% 
41.2% 
(2.1p.p.)

--- Page 113 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 105 - 
70-41053780 
 
  
31 
December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 restated(1) 
31 
December 
2022 
Var. 31 December 
2022/31 December 2021 
(restated)(1) 
EMPLOYEES 
AND 
DISTRIBUTION 
NETWORK (Number) 
Employees 
Group Banco Montepio  
3,478 
3,478 
3,406 
-72 
Banco Montepio  
3,121 
3,121 
3,043 
-78 
Branches 
261 
261 
246 
-15 
Domestic network - Banco Montepio  
 
 
 
 
   Of which: BEM Corporate Centres  
7 
7 
7 
0 
International Network  
20 
20 
20 
0 
Finibanco Angola (g)  
20 
20 
20 
0 
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio  
5 
5 
5 
0 
 _______________  
(1)  Balance sheet figures as at 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
(a) 
Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risks. 
(b) Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios include the accumulated net income for the period. 
(c) 
Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
(d) Total on-balance sheet customer resources = Deposits from customers and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with 
the Financial Statements annexed to this report. 
(e) 
EBA definition.; with reference to 2022 and 2021 restated for comparative purposes, the indicators do not include Finibanco 
Angola (entity subject to the application of IFRS 5). Considering Finibanco Angola, the NPE ratios, NPE coverage for loan 
impairment and NPE coverage for loan impairment, associated collateral and financial guarantees and forborne exposures, with 
reference to 2022, would stand at 5.3 per cent., 56.5 per cent., 103.9 per cent. and 4.4 per cent. respectively. 
(f) 
Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and 
other operating income), and the amount related to staff costs and general administrative expenses generated by the operational 
adjustment measures of +€14.7 million in 2021 and +€10.5 million in 2022. 
(g) Includes corporate centres. 
Employees 
Banco Montepio Group has been resizing its staff since 2020, with the aim of aligning its efficiency 
indicators with the broader sector and made a series of employee benefits available in relation to Health 
Protection, Maintenance of Credit Conditions, Outplacement Service and Social Protection in the event of 
unemployment. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Banco Montepio Group had a total of 3,406 employees (compared to 3,478 
as at December 2021), 89.3 per cent. of which were employees of Banco Montepio (amounting to 3,043), 
being the 2.1 per cent. reduction a result of the ongoing staff adjustment process.  On 31 December 2022, 
International activity, with a weight of 6.3 per cent., refers exclusively to Finibanco Angola, S.A., whose 
staff was strengthened and, therefore, the international activity recorded an increase of 8 employees when 
compared to 31 December 2021. 
1Q2023 consolidated activity and results (unaudited and not reviewed) 
Banco Montepio presented a positive consolidated net income of €35.3 million in the first quarter of 2023, 
an increase of €23.9 million compared with €11.4 million in the same period of 2022, in a context of greater 
operational efficiency with cost-to-income ratio standing at 50.2 per cent., and of significant improvement 
of balance sheet risk with NPE ratio breaching the 5 per cent. threshold by standing at a low 4.8 per cent. 
This favourable performance was determined by the increase in operating income, particularly net interest 
income and commissions, and the greater reversal of the cost of impairments and provisions, particularly 
those related to credit risk – notwithstanding the weight of regulatory contributions to the banking sector, 
which amounted to €11.3 million. 
The results achieved in the first quarter of 2023 allowed capital ratios to be strengthened to levels 
comfortably above regulatory requirements, with a significant increase in profitability embodied in a return 
on equity of 9.3 per cent. 
Core operating income reached €122.9 million, an increase of €39.9 million year on year, with net interest 
income growing 70.4 per cent. and commissions 8.7 per cent. 
Customer deposits totalled €12.7Bn, with the Individuals segment representing 73 per cent. of the total.

--- Page 114 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 106 - 
70-41053780 
 
Cost of credit risk of -0.5 per cent., which compares to 0.1 per cent. recorded in 2022, supported by the 
increase in the quality of the loan portfolio. 
Reduction of NPE by €74 million (-11 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2022, with a NPE ratio decrease 
to 4.8 per cent., comparing favourably with the 7.8 per cent. recorded on 31 March 2022, representing a 
decrease of 0.5 percentage points in the quarter and the largest annual decrease in the ratio (-3.0 percentage 
points) of the last 7 years. The NPE ratio, net of impairments for credit risks, stood at 2.0 per cent. The 
NPE coverage by impairments was reinforced to 58.6 per cent. (56.5 per cent. on 31 December 2022) and 
to 106.5 per cent. (103.9 per cent. at the end of 2022) if collaterals and financial guarantees are considered. 
Reduction in exposure to real estate to €363 million (-8.8 per cent. year on year), weighing less than 2.0 
per cent. of total assets (2.1 per cent. at the end of 2022), thereby achieving one of the goals outlined in the 
strategic plan. 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio (including the accumulated net income for the period 1) at 13.6 per 
cent. (+0.9 percentage points year on year) under phasing-in and at 13.5 per cent. (+1.3 percentage points 
year on year) fully implemented. Total capital ratio (including the accumulated net income for the period) 
at 16.1 per cent. (+1.1 percentage points year on year) under phasing-in and at 16.0 per cent. (+1.4 
percentage points year on year) fully implemented. 
Liquidity buffer of €3.3Bn, reflecting a comfortable liquidity position. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
stood at 219.0 per cent. and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 121.3 per cent. 
Lending Policies and Procedures 
Credit risk is associated with the uncertainty of expected returns due to the inability of both the borrower 
(and his guarantor, if any), or the issuer of a security or counterparty to comply with its obligations. 
The credit risk management process is based on the existence of a robust process of credit analysis and 
decision-making, prepared on a set of tools supporting the credit decision process. The quantification of 
credit risk is also supported in the model for calculating impairment losses. 
The fundamental principle of credit risk analysis is independence towards business decisions. In this 
analysis instruments are used, and rules defined according to the materiality of the exposures, familiarity 
with the types of risk involved (e.g. the modelling capacity of such risks) and the liquidity of the 
instruments. 
Credit risk models play a significant role in the credit decision process. The credit decision process depends 
on a group of policies based on scoring models developed for individual and business customers and the 
rating for the corporate sector. 
Regarding the analysis methodologies, within the credit risk, the credit risk techniques and models are 
based on econometric modelling, based on the institution's experience in granting various types of credit 
facilities and, where possible, recovery. 
Credit decisions are dependent upon risk ratings and compliance with various rules governing financial 
capacity and applicants' behaviour. 
There are scoring models for the admission of individuals to the retail portfolios, namely for mortgage 
loans, individual loans, and credit cards. 
Individual Entrepreneurs (Empresários em nome individual - ENI) and Micro businesses are considered 
part of the retail segment, and therefore scoring models specific to the retail segment are applied. 
There are also behavioural scoring models for retail portfolios, which are used to monitor the credit portfolio 
and to evaluate new credit proposals, and these are coupled with application scoring information, where 
applicable. 
 
1  
Ratios not including the accumulated net income, with reference to 31 March 2023 are: CET1 13.1%, Tier 1 13.2%, Total Capital 
15.7% and Leverage 5.9% (phasing-in) and CET1 13.0%, Tier 1 13.1%, Total Capital 15.6% and Leverage 5.8% (fully 
implemented).

--- Page 115 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 107 - 
70-41053780 
 
Regarding non-retail credit portfolios, internal rating models are used for small, medium and large 
companies, distinguished by business sectors, such as the third sector, or by the lifespan of the company's 
activity, namely start-up companies. 
Regardless of the typology of the applicable model, any proposal, contract or credit customer is classified 
into a single risk scale class, in ascending order of probability of default, composed of 18 classes, of which 
the first 15 classes correspond to performing risk classes, classes 16 to 17 to credit delinquencies (30 days 
to 60 days, and 60 days to 90 days, respectively) and class 18 to default, in accordance with the applicable 
internal definition, which follows the regulators’ prudential requirements. 
It is possible to exceed the response of scoring systems, internal ratings and internal price lists, only by 
higher decision levels, in accordance with principles of delegation of responsibilities set out. Rejection 
situations are defined in order to minimise the risk of adverse selection, however there is always a risk class 
for rejection. 
Intervention limits are also defined for the different decisions, by amount of operation and global customer 
exposure, type of operation / collateral and assigned risk class. In this context, the principle that higher 
hierarchical positions have to approve operations with higher exposures is highlighted. These limits are 
approved by the Board of Directors, and the highest decision scale corresponds to the Board of Directors. 
At intermediate stages, it is compulsory to intervene in a collegial system of at least two players, one 
belonging to the commercial network and the other to the Department of Specialised Credit Analysis 
(independent body of the commercial structure) as well as the Risk Division, which is responsible for the 
development of credit risk models (scoring and rating), and for the monitoring of Banco Montepio's risk 
control, on a global basis. 
Risk analysis involves regular internal reporting on key types of risk. Within credit risk, monthly internal 
reports are prepared, with the main risk indicators of credit portfolios and metrics on the use of rating / 
scoring models. In terms of preventive monitoring, an alert system for early warning signs is in place for 
the main indicators of credit risk tightening. 
With respect to credit impairment, IFRS 9 establishes the need to recognise Expected Credit Losses 
("ECL") as impairment for all financial assets that meet the Solely Payment of Principal and Interest 
("SPPI") criteria, considering the expected loss of credit at one year, or the expected loss of credit until the 
maturity of the financial instrument (ECL lifetime). 
The criteria for the determination of impairment of individually significant loans 
All customers or economic groups that meet the following conditions are subject to individual analysis: 
1. 
Economic Groups with a global exposure amount ≥€0.5 million in which at least one of the 
participants is the holder of operations classified as stage 3, with customers with an exposure 
amount ≥ €0.5 million being selected; 
2. 
Customers holding stage 2 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million and customers with 
an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million that are part of the same Economic Group; 
3. 
Customers holding stage 1 operations with an exposure amount ≥ 5.0 million; 
4. 
Customers corresponding to Shareholding Management Companies ("SGPS") with economic 
activity code (CAE) initiated by 642 (holding companies and financial holding companies) with 
an exposure amount ≥ 2.5 m€ with an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million;; 
5. 
Customers holding loans under Project Finance with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million; 
6. 
Customers that met the aforementioned criteria in the last three months; 
7. 
Other customers when duly justified. 
For the exposure of customers or economic groups, all active credit operations (on- and off-balance sheet) 
are considered, excluding the operations subject to write-off.

--- Page 116 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 108 - 
70-41053780 
 
The individual analysis is the responsibility of the Specialised Credit Analysis Division and in the 
evaluation of impairment losses the following factors are essentially considered: 
• 
total exposure of each customer and/or economic group, internal rating of the customer and/or 
economic group, the stage associated with each operation and the existence of signs of impairment; 
• 
economic and financial viability of the customer or economic group and the respective ability to 
generate future cash flows to pay the debt; 
• 
existence of collaterals associated with each credit and their respective valuation; 
• 
customers' or guarantors' net assets; 
• 
situation of bankruptcy or insolvency of the customers and/or guarantors; and 
• 
expectation regarding the credit recovery period. 
The recoverable amount is determined by the sum of the expected cash flows, estimated in accordance with 
the contractual conditions in force and the underlying collection expectations, discounted at the original 
effective interest rate of the contract. An impairment adjustment is made when the expected cash flows are 
lower than the contractual cash flows due by the customer. 
For the determination of the expected cash flows different recovery strategies are used, which may include 
the going concern method and the gone concern method: 
• 
In case of the continuity of operations (going concern) a critical analysis is carried out on the 
companies' business plans or other elements available for analysis, which should include 
information on past events, current conditions and projected future economic conditions (forward-
looking scenarios), with these being representative of the current and future economic-financial 
situation of the customer. For the calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually 
projected cash flows, after adjustment of the initially estimated assumptions and the application of 
haircuts, if necessary, and considering deviations of the real figures from those initially projected, 
are discounted at the original effective interest rate of the operations; 
• 
In the case of the cessation of the activity (gone concern) the settlement through collaterals, if these 
exist, is assumed, with an exhaustive analysis being made of same, namely regarding the value of 
mortgage/pledge, valuation amount, valuation date and need for the application of haircuts, 
according to the ageing of the valuation or other factors, the deadline for the foreclosure/execution, 
and the deadline for the sale, as well as the associated maintenance and selling costs. For the 
calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually projected cash flows, after 
adjustments, are discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
For each recovery strategy, the respective expected loss of credit is calculated, considering different 
forward-looking scenarios, weighted by the respective probability of occurrence. For specific cases, it is 
possible to use strategies that combine with either the going concern or the gone concern methods. 
Credit Recovery Policy 
In 2020, Banco Montepio implemented a reorganisation project relating to non-performing credit recovery 
whereby processes were established with the main focus on enhancing efficiency of operations from the 
early stages of default. This involved implementing a lean process redesign and standard predefined cure 
approaches. 
Standard pre-defined approaches are differentiated by segment and credit features, depending on length of 
time for cash shortages (short term, medium-term or long-term recoveries), willingness of customers to 
cooperate, collateral valuation, litigious treatment, and not providing the ability to reduce guarantees. 
Standard pre-defined treatments are part of the new practices implemented to reduce the recovery process 
cycle, and therefore enabling more cost-effective cure strategies with less impact on the Issuer's net income. 
Law firms pre-appointed by the Issuer deal with all the judicial recovery processes, regardless of the 
complexity of the process or the exposure amount to be recovered.

--- Page 117 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 109 - 
70-41053780 
 
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented new settlement plans and related decision levels for loans in arrears 
with less than 1 month through standardised recovery solutions available to the branches' teams to enhance 
the recovery procedures and modus operandum from the early stages of default. 
The Banco Montepio Group has adopted forbearance measures and practices, aligned in terms of risk, in 
order to adjust the disposable income or the financial capacity of customers to their debt service. On this 
basis, the recommendations legislated in the scope of the default regimes (Decree-Law no. 227/2012, of 25 
October) and for companies (SIREVE, PER, PEAP, PEVE, RERE) were adopted, with these being widely 
disclosed in the institutional website, in the internal rules and communications, to be disclosed and 
implemented vis-à-vis customers presenting evidence of financial difficulties. 
Regarding the forbearance measures and in accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 
9 January 2015, contractual changes were considered (grace period of the principal, extension of the term, 
deferral of the principal, etc.) as were the consolidation of debts in another contract with conditions adjusted 
to the customer's current situation. 
The implementation of external Servicing by specialised law firms for insolvency portfolios is in progress 
since 2022. The hiring of Servicers is also underway (with an end-to-end strategy) for Retail portfolios 
without guarantees. 
Within the scope of the ongoing reorganisation, several measures were implemented to adjust the structure 
and the recovery operating model, in order to better implement and guarantee compliance with the strategy 
outlined for Banco Montepio regarding the reduction of the stock of NPLs. As a result of this reorganisation, 
two separate departments were created, one for handling Corporate and Mid-Corporate portfolios and the 
other for Small Business portfolios. 
The monitoring of non-judicial customers was also reviewed, as well as the Organic Statute and the 
regulations governing credit recovery. 
As at 31 December 2022, the loan and advances to customers' portfolio included loans amounting to €520.6 
million (compared to €622.3 million as at 31 December 2021) which, given customers' financial difficulties, 
were subject to amendments of the initial conditions. These loans had an impairment of €164.2 million as 
at 31 December 2022 (compared to €255.2 million as at 31 December 2021). 
Additionally, the restructured loans and advances to customers' portfolio includes contracts that resulted in 
a formal restructuring with the customers and the consequent celebration of a new loan to replace the 
previous loans. The restructuring may result from a reinforcement of guarantees and/or liquidation of part 
of the loan and involve an extension of maturities or a change in the interest rate. The analysis of 
restructured loans as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, by credit type, is as follows: 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
 
(€ thousand) 
Corporate 
Loans ...........................................................  
104,069 
99,644 
Current account loans ..................................  
3,241 
28,989 
Finance leases ..............................................  
3,503 
2,853 
Other loans ..................................................  
5,137 
31,013 
Retail 
  
  
Mortgage loans ............................................  
11,602 
7,661 
Consumer credit and other loans .................  
17,598 
4,208 
145,150 
174,368 
 
Restructured loans are also subject to an impairment analysis that results from the revaluation of the 
expectations given the new cash flows inherent to the new contractual conditions, discounted at the original 
effective interest rate, and considering the new collaterals presented. 
As at 31 December 2022, the impairment charges on the restructured loans not yet due amounted to €41.0 
million, which corresponds to an impairment rate of 23.5 per cent. (compared to €54.8 million and 
impairment rate of 37.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2021).

--- Page 118 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 110 - 
70-41053780 
 
The total amount of principal and interest recovered in written-off loans as at 31 December 2022 amounted 
to €8.5 million compared to €4.8 million as at 31 December 2021. 
Banco Montepio uses real and financial collaterals as instruments to mitigate credit risk. The real collaterals 
correspond mainly to mortgages on residential properties in the scope of housing loans and mortgages on 
other types of properties in the scope of other types of loans. To reflect the market value of these, they are 
reviewed regularly based on valuations conducted by certified independent appraiser entities or through the 
use of revaluation coefficients that reflect the trend in the market for the type of property and the 
geographical area. The financial collaterals are revalued based on market values of the respective assets, 
when available, with certain depreciation coefficients being applied to reflect their volatility. Most of the 
real collaterals are revalued at least once a year. 
The following tables show total NPEs (as per EBA definition) and total impairment charges as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated)* 
31 December 
2022 
(€ thousand) 
 
(a) Stock of Non-performing exposures ........... 
975,302 
950,902 
631,434 
(b) Gross loans and advances to customers...... 
12,189,465 
12,140,568 
12,067,614 
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans 
and advances to customers (a / b) ................. 
8.0% 
7.8% 
5.2% 
 
 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2021 (restated)* 
31 December 
2022 
(€ thousand) 
 
(a) Impairment for credit risks ......................... 
521,777 
511,588 
354,517 
(b) Stock of Non-performing exposures .......... 
975,302 
950,902 
631,434 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by 
Impairment for credit risks (a / b) ................ 
53.5% 
53.8% 
56.1% 
* Figures as at 31 December 2021 (restated for comparative purposes) have not been audited. 
Risk Management 
The Banco Montepio Group is exposed to several risks the most relevant of which are, in the financial 
component, credit, concentration, market, interest rate, banking portfolio market, foreign currency, 
liquidity, real estate, and Pension Fund risks. Additionally, the Banco Montepio Group is subject to other 
non-financial risks, namely operating, reputation, and strategy and business risks. Depending on the nature 
and relevance of the risk, plans, programs, or actions are designed, supported by information systems and 
procedures providing a high degree of reliability as regards risk management measures established in due 
course. For all risks identified as material, Banco Montepio has implemented a process for the identification 
and review, being subject to regular monitoring and mitigation actions in order to reduce potential losses 
for the Banco Montepio Group. 
The control and the efficient management of risk play a key role in the balanced and sustained development 
of Banco Montepio. In addition to contributing to the optimisation of the profitability/risk binomial of the 
various lines of business, they also ensure the maintenance of an adequate risk profile in terms of solvency 
and liquidity. 
The monitoring of these risks is centralised in the Risk Division, the unit responsible for the risk 
management function of the Banco Montepio Group, which regularly informs the Board of Directors of the 
evolution of the risk profile of the institution and, if necessary, proposes risk exposure mitigation/reduction 
actions. 
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, who 
set out the tolerance levels and maximum risk limit, for each specific risk considered materially relevant, 
in accordance with the defined strategic objectives and business plan, with this policy being reviewed 
regularly. It is also the responsibility of the Board of Directors to ensure an adequate risk control at group 
level, namely through the respective supervisory boards. The Risk Committee is the non-executive body 
with the role of risk management supervision. Its mission is to monitor the design and implementation of

--- Page 119 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 111 - 
70-41053780 
 
the risk strategy and risk appetite of the Banco Montepio Group and to verify whether these are aligned 
with the sustainable strategy in the medium- and long-term, providing advice to the Board of Directors and 
Executive Commission in these areas. 
The Board of Directors seek to ensure that Banco Montepio has sufficient capital to meet regulatory 
requirements and to cover potential losses resulting from the activity, with an optimised balance sheet 
structure that maintains a stable and safe funding capacity and liquidity profile, allowing it to face stress 
situations and ensuring the continuity of its operations and the protection of its depositors and holders of 
non-subordinated debt. 
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is designed to ensure an adequate relationship, at all 
times, between its own funds and the business it carries on, and also to evaluate the risk/return profile by 
business line, assuming particular importance in this scope the monitoring and control of the main types of 
financial and non-financial risks (such as credit, market, liquidity, real estate and operating) which the 
Banco Montepio Group's business is subject to. 
In order to ensure an effective management of the risks associated with the Banco Montepio Group's 
activities, the Risk Division is responsible for ensuring that all Group companies, including those located 
abroad, implement risk management systems that are coherent with each other and in accordance with the 
requirements set forth in the Internal Regulation of the Banco Montepio risk management function, in the 
Banco Montepio Group's Global Risk Policy and in the remaining applicable internal policies and 
regulations, without prejudice to the respective legal and regulatory framework. The Risk Division is 
responsible for monitoring the risk management activity of Group companies, on a consolidated and 
individual basis, ensuring the consistency of the risk concepts used, the methodologies for risk 
identification, measurement and control, the supporting standards and respective risk profile monitoring 
processes, as well as the compliance with the applicable regulatory and prudential requirements, namely on 
a consolidated basis. These activities should be directly assured by the risk management functions of those 
entities, except in those cases where Banco Montepio's Board of Directors decides that the development of 
these responsibilities by Banco Montepio's Risk Division is more effective and efficient. 
In common with many similar credit institutions which finance housing loans, the Issuer's loan assets are 
relatively illiquid whilst its funding is based on retail deposits, most of which are either legally available 
on demand or are of a short-term nature (although in practice such deposits usually remain with the Issuer 
for extended periods). 
Liquidity risk is assessed using regulatory indicators defined by the supervisory authorities and other 
internal measurements for which exposure limits are also defined. This control is reinforced by the 
execution of stress tests, aimed at characterising Banco Montepio's risk profile, and ensuring that the Banco 
Montepio Group meets its obligations in the event of a liquidity crisis. 
The objective of controlling the liquidity levels is to maintain a satisfactory level of liquid assets so as to 
meet financial needs in the short, medium and long term. Liquidity risk is monitored daily, with various 
reports being prepared for control and monitoring purposes and to support decision-taking within the Assets 
and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO"). Under the control of risk levels, limits are defined for various 
liquidity risk indicators, which are monitored through weekly and monthly reports. 
The evolution of the liquidity position is monitored, in particular, based on estimated future cash flow 
projections for various time horizons, considering Banco Montepio's balance sheet. The liquidity position 
of the day under review and the amount of assets that are considered highly liquid in the uncompromised 
securities portfolio are added to these projections so as to determine the accumulated liquidity gap for 
various time horizons. Moreover, the level of compliance of the liquidity prudential indicators, LCR, NSFR 
and Additional Liquidity Monitoring Metrics ("ALMM"), and of internal ratios such as, for example, loan-
to-deposits ratios, concentration of funding sources, short term funding and eligible assets are monitored as 
well.

--- Page 120 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 112 - 
70-41053780 
 
The table below sets out the liquidity gaps in December 2022: 
LIQUIDITY POSITION GAPS 
 
Maturity periods 
Position reference date + forecast amount 
On sight 
and up to 1 
week 
Above 1 
week and 
up to 1 
month 
Above 1 
month and 
up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months and 
up to 6 
months 
Above 6 
months and 
up to 12 
months 
 
(€ million) 
Accumulated mismatches .................................................  
4,068 
4,054 
4,024 
3,981 
3,639 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the LCR reached 249.6 per cent., having decreased from the 264.1 per cent. 
recorded as at 31 December 2021, standing 149.6 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement of 100 
per cent. As at 31 December 2022 the commercial gap stood at a comfortable level with the loan-to-deposit 
ratio, consisting of loans and advances to customers divided by deposits from customers, at 89.3 per cent. 
The NSFR stood at 125.0 per cent. in December 2022, above the minimum requirement of 100 per cent. 
Concerning the exchange rate risk of the banking book, in general, the funds raised in foreign currencies 
are invested in assets in the respective money market for maturity periods that are not higher than those of 
the resources. Therefore, the existing foreign exchange gaps essentially derive from possible mismatches 
between the maturity periods of the assets and liabilities. The current foreign exchange exposure of the 
Banco Montepio Group in consolidated terms is essentially the result of structural positions derived from 
the conversion of the balances of the subsidiaries (such as Finibanco Angola, S.A.) in their main currencies, 
namely the Angolan Kwanza and American Dollar.  
Limits of exposure have been defined for the exchange rate risk of the banking book, which are monitored 
by the management bodies and by the ALCO, where any overrunning of the established limits follows an 
established circuit, including approval by the management body or the implementation of measures to 
hedge this risk. 
The limits defined for exchange rate risk include limits of position by currency, in consolidated and 
individual terms, as well as in terms of VaR, and are also disaggregated in terms of the trading book and 
banking book. 
The total assets and liabilities, by currency, as at 31 December 2022 is as follows: 
 
Euro 
U.S. 
Dollar 
Angolan 
Kwanza 
Swiss 
Franc 
Pound 
Sterling 
Other 
foreign 
currencies 
Total 
amount 
 
(€ thousand) 
Total Assets ...................................  
18,702,730 
151,280 
230,247 
8,025 
11,646 
2,323 19,106,251 
Total liabilities...............................  
17,289,543 
141,522 
105,086 
3,074 
16,922 
30,618 17,586,765 
Exchange forward transactions ......  
  
(6,290) 
0 
(4,909) 
4,928 
28,516 
  
Exchange Gap ...............................  
  
3,468 
125,161 
42 
(348) 
221 
  
Stress Test ....................................  
  
(694) 
(25,032) 
(8) 
70 
(44) 
  
 
The result of the stress test performed corresponds to the estimated impact (before tax) on equity, including 
minority interests, due to a devaluation of 20.0 per cent. in the exchange rate of each currency against the 
Euro. 
The interest rate risk caused by operations of the banking portfolio is assessed through risk sensitivity 
analysis, on an individual and consolidated basis for the subsidiaries included in the Banco Montepio 
Group's consolidated balance sheet. 
Interest rate risk is appraised in accordance with the impacts on net interest income, net worth and own 
funds caused by variations in market interest rates. The main risk factors arise from the mismatch between 
the interest rate revision periods and/or residual maturity between assets and liabilities (repricing risk), from 
non-parallel variations in interest rate curves (yield curve risk), from the nonexistence of perfect correlation 
between different indexers with the same repricing period (basis risk), and from the options associated to 
instruments which enable divergent action of agents depending on the level of rates that are contracted and 
applied at any given time (option risk).

--- Page 121 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 113 - 
70-41053780 
 
Following the recommendations of Basel and Banco de Portugal Instruction number 34/2018 of 15 June 
2018, the Banco Montepio Group calculates its exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, at least quarterly, 
based on the methodology of the Bank of International Settlements ("BIS"), classifying all the headings of 
the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items which do not belong to the trading book, by repricing 
brackets. 
In this context, limits are defined for exposure to interest rate risk factors which are monitored by ALCO, 
where any overrunning of the established limits, even if temporary, requires the approval of the 
management body or the implementation of measures to cover the exposure. 
At the same time, a stress test is conducted with six shock scenarios in the interest rate curve. This test 
measures impacts on net interest income at one year and on net worth of the shocks in the interest rate curve 
prescribed in the BIS document of April 2016, Standards – Interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Based on the financial features of each contract, the respective expected cash flow projection is made, 
according to the rate repricing dates and any pertinent performance assumptions that are considered. 
The table below presents a summary of the exposure to interest rate risk, given by the repricing gaps in the 
balance sheet's assets and liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, on a consolidated basis, as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022, which are not accounted in the trading book: 
INTEREST RATE REPRICING GAPS 
 
Up to 3 
months 
 
3 to 6 months 
6 months to 1 
year 
 
1 to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
(€ thousand) 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities ....................................................  
33,740 
27,826 
282,386 
2,144,391 
1,757,383 
Loans and advances ............................................  
6,351,630 
3,209,863 
1,406,712 
1,061,814 
421,711 
Others .................................................................  
1,153,782 
0 
0 
0 
43,577 
Off-balance sheet ................................................  
6,903 
16,036 
3,010 
38,888 
0 
Total ..................................................................  
7,546,055 
3,253,725 
1,692,108 
3,245,093 
2,222,671 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities issued .........................................  
247,100 
0 
50,659 
650,635 
12,218 
Term deposits .....................................................  
1,862,789 
1,139,178 
1,434,196 
1,900,929 
0 
Others .................................................................  
288,074 
890,900 
189,571 
1,688,673 
230,997 
Off-balance sheet ................................................  
29,251 
16,036 
13 
106 
997 
Total ..................................................................  
2,427,214 
2,046,114 
1,674,439 
4,240,343 
244,212 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) .................................  
5,118,841 
1,207,611 
17,669 
(995,250) 
1,978,459 
 
Up to 3 
months 
 
3 to 6 months 
6 months to 1 
year 
 
1 to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
(€ thousand) 
31 December 2021 
Assets 
Debt securities ....................................................  
26,612 
43,212 
23,528 
1,186,064 
1,875,387 
Loans and advances ............................................  
6,449,591 
3,049,157 
1,328,189 
919,705 
390,425 
Others .................................................................  
89,599 
0 
0 
0 
50,375 
Off-balance sheet ................................................  
1,041 
0 
756,654 
25,018 
0 
Total ..................................................................  
6,566,843 
3,092,369 
2,108,371 
2,130,787 
2,316,187 
Liabilities 
Debt securities issued .........................................  
349,223 
0 
811,226 
651,267 
36,545 
Term deposits .....................................................  
1,718,686 
1,107,354 
1,471,616 
2,041,259 
0 
Others .................................................................  
195,311 
0 
0 
2,961,326 
274,358 
Off-balance sheet ................................................  
758,996 
0 
15 
119 
1,145 
Total ..................................................................  
3,022,216 
1,107,354 
2,282,857 
5,653,971 
312,048 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) .................................  
3,544,627 
1,985,015 
(174,486) 
(3,523,184) 
2,004,139

--- Page 122 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 114 - 
70-41053780 
 
December 2022 
December 2021 
 
December 
Annual 
average 
 
Maximum 
 
Minimum 
 
December 
Annual 
average 
 
Maximum 
 
Minimum 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest Rate Gap ............  7,327,328 
5,276,384 7,327,328 
3,836,113 
3,836,113 
3,665,365 3,836,113 
3,494,618 
 
Sensitivity to the balance sheet interest rate risk is calculated by the difference between the present value 
of the interest rate mismatch discounted at market interest rates and the discounted value of the same cash 
flows, simulating parallel shifts of the market interest rate curve. 
As at 31 December 2022, based on the interest rate gaps observed, an instantaneous and parallel positive 
variation in the interest rates by 100 basis points would cause a decrease in the economic value expected 
from the banking portfolio of approximately €44.2 million (31 December 2021: decrease of €88.2 million). 
The concept of market risk reflects the potential loss that could be recorded by a given portfolio as a result 
of changes in rates (interest and exchange) and/or in the prices of the different financial instruments 
comprising the portfolio, considering both the correlations that exist between them and their volatility. 
Value-at-Risk ("VaR") is one of the key metrics used to measure and monitor market risk. The Banco 
Montepio Group calculates the VaR on a daily basis, both for its trading book and for the portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. VaR is also calculated on a time horizon 
of 10 business days and at a 99 per cent. significance level, by the historical simulation method. The types 
of risk considered in this methodology are interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, price risk, spread risk and 
commodities risk. 
With respect to market risk information and analysis, there is regular reporting on Banco Montepio's own 
portfolios and those of other entities of the Banco Montepio Group, with various risk limits being defined, 
including overall limits of VaR, by Issuer, by type/class of asset and stop loss and loss trigger limits for 
positions held for trading and in other comprehensive income. 
In the reports produced, the various exposure limits are controlled, following analysis of the risks of 
concentration, credit, interest rate and asset price variation, among others. These analyses consider the 
analysis of scenarios, namely the sensitivities of the securities portfolio to variations of interest rates, 
spreads, adverse exchange rate evolution and variation of the market prices of shares and real estate 
properties. 
In addition to the risk report of Banco Montepio's overall portfolio, specific risk reports are also produced 
for the trading book and the proprietary portfolios of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
In order to ensure more effective risk management, the positions in portfolio are disaggregated into a 
portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio of other financial 
assets at amortised cost, portfolio of financial assets not necessarily held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss, and portfolios of assets held for trading (which exclude hedge coverages and fair value 
option), with risk limits being defined according to the type of portfolio. The thresholds applicable to the 
portfolios are defined in internal regulations, updated on an annual basis or other, whenever justified by 
alterations to market risk levels. Stop loss and loss trigger thresholds are also defined, applicable to the 
portfolios. Whenever any of these thresholds are reached, the re-examination of the strategy intrinsic to this 
position is compulsory. 
As at 31 December 2022 the Banco Montepio Group's investment portfolio was mainly concentrated on 
bonds, representing 95.7 per cent. (31 December 2021 (restated): 92.9 per cent.) of the total portfolio, being 
the majority of the portfolio comprised of sovereign bonds, essentially from Italy, Portugal and Spain. 
Banco Montepio held no position in credit derivatives as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
Regarding the credit quality of the debt securities portfolio, approximately 98.2 per cent. is rated as 
investment grade (31 December 2021: 97.8 per cent.). Of note are the Spanish, Portuguese and Italian 
sovereign bonds with a rating assigned by Fitch of BBB+, BBB and BBB-, respectively, that represent 91.8 
per cent. (31 December 2021: 94.0 per cent.) of the portfolio. Concerning the portfolio breakdown, there 
was a reduction in the Italian sovereign debt (from 40.5 per cent. to 37.6 per cent. of the securities portfolio

--- Page 123 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 115 - 
70-41053780 
 
in 2021 and 2022, respectively), offset by an increase in the Portuguese sovereign debt, from 22.6 per cent. 
to 25.8 per cent. Noteworthy is the entry of debt from AAA issuers (2.6 per cent. of the total) in 2022. 
A summary of the banking book's VaR indicators in December 2021 and December 2022 is presented 
below, bearing in mind that the trading portfolio had no positions in shares or bonds as at 31 December 
2021: 
December 2021 
December 2022 
Banking book 
Trading book 
Banking book 
Trading book 
Market VaR(1) (2) (3) ........................  
1.28% 
n.app. 
3.01% 
8.44% 
Interest Rate Risk .........................  
0.87% 
n.app. 
2.36% 
8.28% 
Exchange Rate Risk .....................  
0.00% 
n.app. 
0.10% 
2.04% 
Price Risk .....................................  
0.03% 
n.app. 
0.01% 
2.57% 
Credit risk (spread) .......................  
0.69% 
n.app. 
1.04% 
2.18% 
Commodity Risk ..........................  
0.00% 
n.app. 
0.00% 
0.00% 
 _______________  
(1) Time horizon of 10 days and significance level of 99 per cent.; Percentage over total portfolio assets; Includes Banco Montepio 
and BEM. 
(2) Includes the diversification effect. 
(3) Excludes positions of Finibanco Angola. 
Moreover, analyses are also conducted of scenarios and stress (based on past extreme events) for the trading 
book to complement the analysis of all the other risk indicators. 
Competition 
As at 30 June 2022 the Issuer was the seventh largest bank in Portugal on the basis of total net assets 
(source: Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). Despite competition in the market, Banco Montepio has been 
able to sustain its position in the market and to preserve its market share in banking activity. Banco 
Montepio's overall market share (deposits and loans) was 5.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (source: 
Banco de Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a market share of 5.4 per cent. in mortgage loans and 
5.5 per cent. in loans to non-financial corporations (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary 
Statistics (individual basis)). As at 31 December 2022, Banco Montepio's market share in total deposits was 
5.1 per cent., reaching 5.3 per cent. in the household deposits segment (source: Banco de Portugal, 
Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)). 
The Issuer considers that its primary competitive advantage is its superior customer service, as a result of 
being majority owned by a mutual benefits association, its product offering including private pension 
schemes provided by MGAM and its reputation as a stable financial institution. 
Technology 
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and innovative 
services to its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese market. 
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, 
current accounts processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and 
credit cards, saving accounts and inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day of 
the week and no failure or breakage in the service occurs solely due to any matter related to batch 
processing. 
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: "Core System" and "Distributed Systems". The 
Core System corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux 
platforms where most departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud 
solution based in VMWARE and HYPER-V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation 
and virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, which in turn increased operational efficiency, reduced 
production time, and infrastructure-related efforts and costs. 
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access 
to new applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of "Load Balancers 
NetScalar" and application virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery 
speed and quality of applications for an end-user. The product helps business customers perform tasks such

--- Page 124 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 116 - 
70-41053780 
 
as traffic optimisation, load balancing, and web application acceleration while maintaining data security. It 
also performs several kinds of caching and compression. The benefits of application virtualisation include 
ease of maintenance and greater portability, making programs easier to deploy across several versions of 
Windows. Another one of the benefits of application virtualisation is that applications that depend on 
custom drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes deploying upgrades and patches easier. 
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, 
Microsoft Teams, Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune. 
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS 
solution empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning 
marketing and sales activities for its customers. 
These service integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer in 
what regards to user and application accessibility management. 
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated on 
a continuous basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology. 
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-
cluster Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection 
mechanisms, geographic balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are 
present in its own infrastructure with multi-user interconnections to assure that all national and international 
communications and their contents are served in Lisbon or Porto, providing protection against failures in 
the event of interruptions in local or regional networks, power outages or natural disasters. 
One key component of the security infrastructure is the Security Operations Center ("SOC") service. The 
SOC is the 24x7 single point of contact for monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised 
team with specialised skills ("CERT"). Its mission is to ensure continuous monitoring and improve the 
security level of the organisation while preventing, detecting, analysing and responding to cybersecurity 
incidents, backed by processes and technologies. Procedures are defined for major incidents to be 
appropriately escalated and to activate the DR/BC plan if needed and lessons learned activities are taken 
and documented from previous events and incidents. 
Remote access to Microsoft Cloud Services requires multifactor authentication. Some sensitive systems do 
not allow remote access. 
Access to Banco Montepio's network is segmented on the basis of employee access, customer access and 
access to certain third parties. Since the beginning of 2020, access to the internal network is granted through 
the Zscaler Private Access solution that uses the technology Zero trust network access ("ZTNA"). ZTNA 
gives users seamless and secure connectivity to private applications without ever placing them on the 
network or exposing apps to the internet. 
In 2020 Banco Montepio implemented a new ITSM solution and one of the components of the project was 
to create a CMDB with the inclusion of a vast set of IT assets. This information is complemented by a 
database that contains the Application Portfolio, including documentation on the interconnection between 
applications. Incident management and escalation roles, responsibilities, and procedures are formally 
defined. Most incidents and service requests are registered in the ticketing system. 
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local 
market, such as: 
• 
Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX 
Omnichannel platform, including several native Apps for iOS and Android, providing customers 
with a wide range of transactions, including enquiries, deposits, transfer orders and bill payments, 
and online brokerage services. To increase security, new features were added to the omnichannel 
platform, implementing Strong Customer Authentication. 
• 
A contact centre (Phone24) has been established, which provides phone, fax, e-mail and chat 
capabilities for its customers.

--- Page 125 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 117 - 
70-41053780 
 
• 
An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24). Banco Montepio was the first bank to provide 
ATM services in Portugal in 1984. At present their last generation ATM with a Web-based 
Application and cash-Recycling technology provides a broad range of products and services which 
are all touch screen only and voice-enabled, such as bill payment, cash and check deposits, and 
passbook automatic page turn. 
• 
A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform, providing 
the migration from a Client-Server architecture to a Web-Based Application running in Virtual 
machines. The new solution allows the integration of information from a diversity of sources like 
CRM, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows, Intranet and others. 
• 
Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting 
financial processes dematerialisation was implemented, replacing traditional processes based and 
supported in paper, in line with best technical and security standards, with the objective of 
enhancing Banco Montepio's image of innovation and digital transformation, improve customer 
experience and reduce operating costs and operational risk. This new solution started to be adopted 
for supporting processes that originated in branch networks and will be gradually spread to other 
areas / processes. 
• 
An Enterprise Data Warehouse ("EDW") which supports all needs related to Business Intelligence 
trends considering financial services. This infrastructure keeps increasing, on a regular basis, in 
order to cater to the needs arising from the development of new business lines and to meet business 
subject areas like risk, profitability, pricing, Regulatory Reporting, Auditing, and Marketing. 
• 
The former "CRM" evolved to a Marketing Automation level comprising a new Analytic platform, 
based on Microsoft CRM Online, interacting with an upgraded Operational CRM application 
among full integration with a revised 360º Customer Vision (value-added with new commercial 
relevant information) and integration with Product Catalog and other distribution channels for a 
total Customer relation awareness. 
• 
A credit scoring application is in operation providing a useful tool for assessing risks related to 
housing loans, consumer credit and credit cards. 
• 
Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to improve trade management, support of 
complex derivatives, options and structured trades support, improve straight-through processing. 
With Finastra Kondor+ Banco Montepio was able to implement a complete front-to-back solution 
with strong support for risk management and centralised administration and control. Recent 
developments are improving the global front-to-back solution with the integration of two new tools 
provided by Bloomberg: TOMS (Trade Order Management Solutions) and MARS (Multi-Asset 
Risk System). 
• 
A "Time Deposit Workflow" is in operation allowing the integrated management of spread 
authorisation in time deposits. 
• 
A "Workflow" system allowing for the integrated management of the credit process has been 
implemented. 
• 
An "Enterprise Document Management System" has been implemented supporting different 
business processes such as inter-bank circulation of cheque images, members' and customers' 
signatures and daily branch movement. 
• 
In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System ("Northland") has been 
implemented as well as a Filtering System ("Fircosoft") for "funds transfer" operations and for 
clients. 
• 
A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform 
This project aimed to respond to new Banco de Portugal credit risk reporting requirements ("CRC 
5 G"), aligned with new EU Central Bank reporting legislation ("AnaCredit"). The solution 
implemented in the development of the project included the construction of a new centralised credit 
risk information database in the business intelligence architecture, which can be used later on to

--- Page 126 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 118 - 
70-41053780 
 
answer to different information requirements in this domain. The project also included the 
development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with Banco de Portugal, which 
included the implementation of the appropriate functionalities and controls to support the 
management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention. 
• 
Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation 
This project included an extended review of the IT applications and tools that support credit 
recovery, addressing the following key objectives and enhancements: To adjust credit IT 
applications and tools to the new organisational and operational credit recovery model in place; To 
improve credit IT applications and tools suitability to the requirements of the credit recovery 
department; To develop a new credit recovery Portal to support credit recovery department 
relationship with external law offices that provide services, which provides a broad range of 
functionalities to enable a proper management and control of the processes. 
• 
A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in Banco Montepio's APP M24, which incorporates 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; 
• 
A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow; 
• 
A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels; 
• 
The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures 
compliance with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2); 
• 
Opening of account and credit online for individuals; 
• 
System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) system in every customer interaction with Banco Montepio; 
• 
Development of new IT platforms to support Anti-Money Laundering and Market Abuse processes, 
based upon SAS technology and specialised modules for those areas; 
• 
A Virtual Assistance Agent, based on Artificial Intelligence technology, which is the first point of 
contact with customers who use the Contact Center service, with the objective of increasing the 
efficiency and reduce costs in customer service. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes 
that showed more potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will 
be extended gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the 
bank's IT strategy modernisation roadmap; 
• 
Robot Process Automation. 
This project implemented a new technological architecture for enabling the end-to-end automation 
of low-value-added processes/activities, resulting in more satisfied customers and money-saving 
efficiencies for the Issuer. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes that showed more 
potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will be extended 
gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the bank's IT 
strategy modernisation roadmap; 
• 
Implementation of the new 3-D SECURE TECHNOLOGY, provided by SIBS, that ensures the 
highest level of security in preventing fraud in cards payments, by incorporating the use of SCA 
(strong customer authentication) in e-commerce operations carried out with payments cards; 
• 
Implementation of new fraud prevention and detection service for transactions carried out on the 
Issuer's multichannel platform, offered by Paywatch. The service is available in an as-a-service 
(FPaaS) model, based on the experience and knowledge of the SIBS FPS teams on fraud in 
electronic payment and cybersecurity and supported on a state-of-the-art technological platform 
(SaferPayments); 
• 
New digital customer journeys using the Digital Onboarding solution technology incorporating 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; and

--- Page 127 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 119 - 
70-41053780 
 
• 
APP Aprova – a new security solution for Strong Customer Authentication. A multi-factor mobile-
first transactional authentication system that allows customers to authenticate sensitive online 
banking operations on a Mobile Phone. 
It should be noted that Banco Montepio makes repeated warnings to its clients to not respond to phishing 
e-mail messages, to not follow the links and to not disclose the data of accounts, passwords, and credit card 
numbers. 
All Banco Montepio employees participate in a cybersecurity awareness and training program. In addition 
to e-learning lessons, this program includes exercises, phishing simulations and workshops. 
Banco Montepio has not been the subject of a major cyberattack over the past 12 months which could harm 
or jeopardize its normal activity and business. 
Banco Montepio uses BitSight to assess risk scoring. BitSight provides a Security Ratings solution that 
offers a platform for quantifying the external cybersecurity posture of organizations using publicly 
accessible data and generating credit score-like rating between 250 and 900. In April 2023 Banco Montepio 
had a score of 770 which places the bank at the advanced level of security according to BitSight’s approach. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In November 2016, Banco Montepio was notified by Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
relating to alleged violations of certain AML procedures (administrative proceeding (processo de 
contraordenação) no. 84/14/CO). These proceedings relate to events that occurred prior to 12 August 2016 
and concern alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties pertaining to the 
implementation of required mechanisms allowing for: (a) the identification and the knowledge of the 
ownership and control of corporate entities; (b) information on the origin of funds; (c) information updates 
relating to banking entities; (d) extension to affiliates of measures equivalent to those foreseen in Law no. 
25/2008, of 5 June; (e) system parameters for high risk operations; and (f) the provision of information 
reports to the Prosecutor General's Office (Procuradoria Geral da República) of operations potentially 
related to AML. Banco Montepio presented its defence in January 2017. In January 2020, a decision was 
issued by the Banco de Portugal that determined that Banco Montepio had committed 16 administrative 
offenses, instead of the 142 administrative offenses that were originally alleged. The Banco de Portugal 
issued a single fine of €400,000. Banco Montepio challenged Banco de Portugal's decision with the 
Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of 
Santarém. 
On 21 February 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of an unfavourable ruling under an administrative 
proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 102/14/CO) whereby Banco de Portugal imposed on Banco 
Montepio an administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million and an ancillary sanction consisting of the 
publication of the final ruling. No further sanctions have been imposed upon Banco Montepio. This 
administrative proceeding relates to events that occurred between 1 January 2009 and 2 September 2014 
and concerns alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties regarding, in general terms: 
(a) its internal control system procedures, (b) the assessment and approval of intragroup credit operations, 
(c) the calculation of specific credit provisions, and (d) the implementation at Banco Montepio's 
subsidiaries of suitable procedures to assess the origin of funds of the subscribers of the participation units 
representative of the Participation Fund of Banco Montepio. The origin of these non-compliant events has 
been addressed and Banco Montepio is now compliant with these duties. Banco Montepio judicially 
challenged this ruling on 22 April 2019. On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of a 
favourable ruling whereby the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, 
Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém held that the first notice of indictment issued by Banco de Portugal 
on 7 March 2017, is null and void, and annulled the initial ruling whereby Banco de Portugal imposed the 
administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million. The Court also ordered the annulment of all notifications issued 
and referred the case back to Banco de Portugal so that a new valid decision could be issued. Banco de 
Portugal and the State Prosecutor (Ministério Público) both challenged this ruling of annulment. 
The discussion and judgment hearing with regards to the above-mentioned administrative proceedings no. 
102/14/CO and no. 84/14/CO ended in early 2021. The relevant Court ruled that these two administrative 
proceedings would merge into a single administrative proceeding, in which Banco Montepio was acquitted 
of 29 administrative offences and convicted of 14 offences imposing a single fine of €1 million, which was 
suspended at €500,000. On 26 September 2022, Banco Montepio brought an extraordinary appeal before

--- Page 128 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 120 - 
70-41053780 
 
the Supreme Court of Justice (Supremo Tribunal de Justiça) of the judgment of the Lisbon Court of Appeal, 
on the ground that this judgment ruled against case-law previously laid down by the Supreme Court. A 
ruling of the Supreme Court is expected. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot 
predict the outcome of these proceedings. 
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the 
administrative process PRC-2012/9 ("Decision"), in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other 
Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial 
information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million. The Decision 
was appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other Portuguese banks) to the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém. By appealing this 
Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be suspended until a final decision is made. On 28 April 2022 
the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) 
of Santarém proved that the financial institutions exchanged sensitive information on the commercial 
conditions of credit but had doubts whether such institutions infringed competition rules because it was not 
proven that this practice had an impact on customers. Therefore, the case was transferred to the Court of 
Justice of the European Union to apply an objective test on whether such exchange of information had an 
impact on competition. Ultimately the proceedings were suspended on the basis of the statute of limitations 
(com suspensão do prazo prescricional) and remitted to the Luxembourg court because of the risks of the 
case being time-barred. Based on all the relevant circumstances, management of the Issuer considers it 
unlikely that the administrative fine (coima) will eventuate. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco 
Montepio is not aware of any claim for damages related to the Decision or to the related facts. 
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
(processo de contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning 
accounting standards and internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. Banco Montepio 
challenged these proceedings and submitted the relevant evidence to support its position. On 26 January 
2022, Banco de Portugal published the decision condemning Banco Montepio and ordering it to pay a single 
fine of €475,000. Banco Montepio challenged this decision and the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém reduced the fine to 
€380,000. Banco Montepio has already paid €100,000 and filed an appeal with suspensive effect with the 
Lisbon Court of Appeal. The Lisbon Court of Appeal partially upheld Banco Montepio's appeal and 
sentenced the bank to pay a single fine of €350,000, with a 20 per cent. reduction in the amount to be paid, 
corresponding to an actual payment of €280,000, representing a reduction of €100,000 in the fine compared 
with the decision of the Court of First Instance and a reduction of €195,000 in the fine compared with the 
decision of the Banco de Portugal. Notwithstanding the reduction of the fine, Banco Montepio appealed to 
the Constitutional Court on 27 April 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot 
predict the outcome of these proceedings. 
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period 
covering at least the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a 
significant effect on Banco Montepio's financial position or profitability. 
Board of Directors and other Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer 
Following the implementation of the 2013 Articles of Association, the Issuer's governing structure 
comprises management and supervisory bodies separate from those of MGAM. Nonetheless, as the Issuer 
is an entity 99.99 per cent. owned by MGAM, there is a core of shared strategic principles. 
In the General Meeting held on 30 April 2015, which continued on 27 May 2015, a partial amendment of 
the Issuer's by-laws was approved. The amended by-laws were ratified by the General Meeting of MGAM 
held on 25 June 2015. 
One of the key amendments to the Issuer's by-laws was to how members of the different governing bodies 
were elected. In accordance with the amended by-laws, as approved in the said General Meeting of MGAM 
held on 25 June 2015, all governing bodies are elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer (i.e. members 
of the Board of Directors of MGAM are no longer statutorily members of the General and Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer).

--- Page 129 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 121 - 
70-41053780 
 
One other relevant amendment was the inclusion of new governing bodies, as foreseen in RGICSF: (i) a 
Remuneration Committee; (ii) an Evaluation Committee; and (iii) a Risk Committee. The members of these 
new governing bodies were also elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer. 
On 22 July 2015 an Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting was convened to elect, inter alia, the members 
of its Executive Board of Directors and General and Supervisory Board for the term 2015/2018. This 
Extraordinary General Meeting took place on 5 August 2015. 
Following the approval of the Savings Banks Act, which entered into force on 10 October 2015, and the 
resolution of the Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act, an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened on 22 November 2016, to discuss Banco Montepio's 
transformation into a public limited liability company and consequently amend its Articles of Association. 
The transformation into a public limited liability company was further discussed in an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Issuer held on 4 April 2017, in accordance with number 2 of Article 6 of the Savings 
Banks Act. This adopted resolutions that needed to be ratified by resolution of the General Meeting of 
MGAM, which held an extraordinary session on 9 May 2017, in accordance with Article 6 (4) (g) of the 
Decree-Law No. 190/2015, of 10 September, Articles 32 and 33 of Banco Montepio's by-laws and Article 
25 (g) of the MGAM's by-laws. 
It should also be noted that the effectiveness of the resolutions taken at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on 4 April 2017, regarding Banco Montepio's transformation into a public limited liability company, 
only occurred after Banco Montepio's commercial registration, which took place on 14 September 2017. 
On 14 September 2017, the deed was executed, converting Banco Montepio into a public limited liability 
company, and changing its legal name to Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, 
S.A. 
Banco Montepio's corporate governance, after its transformation into a public limited liability company and 
as provided in Article 6 of the new by-laws, maintained the General Meeting, the General and Supervisory 
Board, the Executive Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditor as the governing bodies of Banco 
Montepio, but the Remuneration Committee, the Evaluation Committee and the Risks Committee became 
Corporate Bodies of Banco Montepio. Two new corporate bodies, the Financial Matters Commission and 
the Company Secretary of Banco Montepio, were also added. 
According to the resolutions taken in the General Meeting of Banco Montepio, the members of the 
Executive Board of Directors and the General and Supervisory Board maintained their terms in the statutory 
bodies after the transformation of the Issuer into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima). 
Banco Montepio's corporate governance was a two-tier model, which included an Executive Board of 
Directors, a General and Supervisory Board and a Statutory Auditor. Pursuant to the Issuer's corporate 
governance, the General and Supervisory Board was the body responsible for the supervision, monitoring 
and counselling of the Issuer's activity. 
Meanwhile, the Issuer implemented an important change in its corporate governance and, since 16 March 
2018, it has operated a one-tier corporate structure with a Board of Directors, including an Audit Committee 
and an external independent auditor. 
According to the corporate governance model adopted by the Issuer – the one-tier Anglo-Saxon model – 
and following the approval in the General Meeting held on 16 March 2018, the corporate bodies for the 
2018-2021 term were elected and the new Articles of Association were approved. 
The Articles of Association were further amended on 30 October 2018, according to which the Board of 
Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of twelve and maximum of nineteen members, including a non-
executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting of 
Shareholders, and, in addition to its legal duties, shall undertake the Issuer's management pursuant to Article 
13 of the Articles of Association. The Board of Directors shall delegate the current management of the 
Issuer on an Executive Committee, appointing its members and defining their respective competencies, 
operating rules and the limits of its powers, and shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, who cannot be the 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors.

--- Page 130 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 122 - 
70-41053780 
 
The non-executive members of the Board that form the Audit Committee have supervisory powers (i.e. 
they are prevented from exercising executive tasks) and are responsible for overseeing the management of 
the Issuer. 
The auditor is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes 
its opinion. An audit performed by the auditor is conducted in accordance with the International Standards 
on Auditing and other technical and ethical standards and recommendations issued by the Institute of 
Statutory Auditors. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Articles of Association in force, approved at the universal shareholders' 
meeting (assembleia geral universal) of Banco Montepio held on 28 April 2023, Banco Montepio’s 
Governing Bodies are the following: 
(a) 
General Meeting of Shareholders; 
(b) 
Board of Directors, which includes an Audit Committee; and 
(c) 
Statutory Auditor. 
The General Meeting Board, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Statutory Auditor, shall 
be elected pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Association. The term of office shall be four years and 
members may be re-elected. 
Considering in particular the period legally established for the exercise of the Statutory Auditor’s functions 
and without prejudice of the imperatively established limits that may be applicable, the General Meeting 
may, by the same majority necessary for the amendment of the Articles of Association, establish the 
mandate of the Statutory Auditor for a minimum period of one year and a maximum of four years. 
The members of the governing bodies are elected at the General Meeting, in accordance with Articles 9 and 
11 of the Articles of Association. 
The governing bodies for the 2022-2025 term, elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, were 
authorised by the Bank of Portugal on 19 July 2022 and took office on 25 July 2022. 
The Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer and the relevant members for the mandate 2022-2025 
are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 
and started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of Bank of Portugal on 19 July 2022. The 
following are the current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
Name  
Other positions 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
President of the Board 
of Directors 
(Chairman) 
No other positions 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de 
Jesus Silva Barroso 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins 
Baptista 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho 
Peixoto 
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions

--- Page 131 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 123 - 
70-41053780 
 
Name  
Other positions 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica  
Non-executive 
member 
No other positions 
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão 
President of the 
Executive Committee 
(CEO) 
Vice-President of the Board of 
Directors of Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A. 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Ângela Isabel Sancho Barros 
Executive Member 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares de 
Moura Costa Pina 
Executive member 
Representative of Banco Montepio in 
Montepio Gestão de Activos 
Imobiliários, ACE 
Isabel Cristina dos Santos Pereira 
da Silva 
Executive member 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva 
Baião 
Executive member 
No other positions 
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus 
Executive member 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Areas of responsibility of the Board of Directors' Chairman and each executive member of the Board of 
Directors: 
Area of Responsibility 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
President of the Board of Directors 
(Chairman) 
Audit and Inspection Division (hierarchical report, functional 
report to the Audit Committee) 
Pedro Leitão 
President of The Executive Board 
(CEO) 
Staff Management Division(1) 
Communication and Brand Division 
Marketing Division 
Sustainability Office 
Isabel Silva 
Executive Member 
North and Centre Commercial Division 
South and Autonomous Regions Commercial Division 
Social Economy and Public Sector Commercial Division 
Corporate Banking Division

--- Page 132 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 124 - 
70-41053780 
 
Area of Responsibility 
Investment Banking and Specialized Business Division 
Pricing Control Office 
 
 
José Carlos Mateus 
Executive Member 
 
 
José Carlos Mateus 
Executive Member 
Financial and International Division 
Strategic Planning and Control Division 
Credit Analysis Division 
Accounting and Financial Reporting Division 
 
Economic and Financial Studies Office 
Investor Relations Office 
Ângela Barros 
Executive Member 
Risk Division 
Compliance Division 
Data Protection Office 
Model Validation Office 
Rating Office 
Individual Impairment Office 
Helena Soares de Moura 
Executive Member 
Staff Management Division(1) 
Legal Division 
Transformation and Innovation Division 
Corporate Governance Division 
Customer's and Quality Office 
Internal Control Office (functional report to the Audit 
Committee) 
Real Estate Area (2) 
Jorge Baião 
Executive Member 
Information Systems Division 
Services and Operations Division 
Credit Recovery Division 
Data and Analytics Division 
Cybersecurity Office 
Shared Services Unit (2)

--- Page 133 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 125 - 
70-41053780 
 
Area of Responsibility 
Procurement (2) 
 _______________  
(1) With accompanying delegation by Helena Soares de Moura 
(2) Shared service areas that are not part of the Banco Montepio organisation chart 
General Meeting Board 
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 
2022 and each member started their role on the same date, with the appointment lasting until 2025. 
The members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer are listed below: 
Name 
 
 
 
Other positions 
António Manuel Lopes Tavares 
 
Chairperson 
 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Audit Committee 
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022 
and each member started their role on 25 July 2022, following the approval of the Bank of Portugal on 19 
July 2022, with the appointment lasting until 2025. The following are the members of the Audit Committee 
of the Issuer: 
Name 
 
 
 
Other positions 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva 
Barroso 
 
Chairperson 
 
No other position 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
 
Member 
 
No other positions 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
 
Member 
 
No other positions 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
 
Member 
 
No other positions 
Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Name 
 
 
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto 
 
Chairperson 
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva Barroso 
 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
 
Member 
Risk Committee

--- Page 134 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 126 - 
70-41053780 
 
Name 
 
 
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima 
 
Chairperson 
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica 
 
Member 
Eugénio Luís Correia Martins Baptista 
 
Member 
Remuneration Committee 
Additionally, at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, the Shareholders also approved the election of 
the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting provided for in Article 11 c) of Banco Montepio's 
Articles of Association. 
The members of the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting of the Issuer are the following: 
Name 
 
 
Paulo Câmara Pires dos Santos 
 
Chairperson 
António Miguel Lino Pereira Gaio 
 
Member 
Soledade Carvalho Duarte 
 
Member 
Statutory Auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at 
CMVM under number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 
– 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, was elected as Statutory Auditor for the period 2023-2025 in the General 
Meeting held on 28 April 2023. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member of 
the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under no. 183. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
Governing and Corporate bodies – areas of focus 
According to the Articles of Association, the areas of focus of each governing body and corporate body are 
as follows: 
General Meeting 
The General Meeting of Banco Montepio consists of shareholders who have voting rights. Each share 
represents one vote. Only shareholders with voting rights and who, at registration date (zero hours (GMT) 
of the fifth working day prior to the Meeting’s date), own at least one share, may attend, speak and vote at 
the General Meeting, personally or through a representative. 
The General Meeting Board comprises a Chair and a Secretary, both elected at the General Meeting. The 
Chair is required to: 
1. 
Call the General Meeting and chair its proceedings; 
2. 
Inform the appropriate authorities, within the legal deadlines, of the outcomes of General Meeting 
decisions and the names of those elected to the Issuer's Governing Bodies; 
3. 
Vest the members of the Governing Bodies, of Corporate Offices and members of Committees 
elected at a General Meeting with their respective powers;

--- Page 135 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 127 - 
70-41053780 
 
4. 
Consider any justifications of absence submitted; and 
5. 
Accept and deal with appeals lodged with the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the law 
and within the official deadlines. 
The ordinary General Meeting discusses the matters submitted to the Annual General Meeting, under 
Article 376 (1) of the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), and any other 
matters included on the agenda. The General Meeting may also be held extraordinarily whenever one is 
convened in accordance with the law and the Articles of Association. 
General Meeting decisions are taken by a simple majority of votes cast, unless otherwise prescribed under 
the law or the Articles of Association. General Meeting decisions regarding changes to the Articles of 
Association, merger, splits, transformation or winding-up of the Issuer shall only be valid if approved by 
2/3 (two-thirds) of the votes cast. 
General Meetings of Banco Montepio take decisions on the matters assigned to them by the law and the 
Articles of Association, and it is charged with: 
1. 
Electing members of the General Meeting Board and of the Governing Bodies; 
2. 
Electing the Statutory Auditor, following a proposal from the Audit Committee; 
3. 
Electing, every four years, a Remuneration Committee comprised of three independent members 
empowered to set the remuneration of Governing Bodies members, pursuant to Article 399 (1) of 
the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais); 
4. 
Discussing the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the 
proposed profit distribution; 
5. 
Conducting a general appraisal of Banco Montepio's management and supervision, with the scope 
established in the law; 
6. 
Assessing the guidelines set out in the multiannual plans and updates, following a proposal from 
the Board of Directors; 
7. 
Discussing the Issuer's geographical presence policy; 
8. 
Discussing the Board of Directors' report on subsidiaries; 
9. 
Being informed, pursuant to the law, of appeals lodged. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of 12 and maximum of 19 members, including a 
non-executive Chair, all of whom elected at a General Meeting. 
The Board of Directors acts as a body and may take decisions as long as a majority of its members is 
present. It shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month. Decisions shall be taken by 
the majority of votes cast by the members present, and the Chair has a casting vote. 
Notwithstanding the other duties assigned by law, the Board of Directors is charged with managing the 
Issuer, in particular: 
1. 
Requesting the convening of General Meetings; 
2. 
The preparation of the annual management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the 
year and the proposed profit distribution, accompanied by the Audit Committee's opinion, to be 
submitted to the Annual General Meeting for approval; 
3. 
Approving, annually, the action program and the budget for the following year, after receiving the 
Audit Committee's opinion; 
4. 
Discussing the purchase, sale and encumbrance of assets;

--- Page 136 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 128 - 
70-41053780 
 
5. 
Discussing the opening and closure of offices and any other form of representation; 
6. 
Discussing the expansion and curtailing of Banco Montepio's business and changes to its functional 
structure; 
7. 
Setting, in general terms, the interest rates, commissions, and prices to apply to banking 
transactions and services rendered; 
8. 
Discussing the signing and termination of cooperation agreements with other institutions and 
Banco Montepio's membership of associations; 
9. 
Discussing the issuing of bond loans and non-convertible debt instruments; 
10. 
Discussing the purchase, sale or encumbrance of any financial holdings in companies or groups of 
companies; 
11. 
Requesting admission to trading on a regulated market of securities issued by Banco Montepio; 
12. 
Preparing mergers, split and transformation proposals; 
13. 
Setting up the committees and commissions it deems necessary to fulfil its duties and appointing 
their members and chairs; 
14. 
Representing Banco Montepio in or out of court, and undertake to abide by arbitration; 
15. 
Co-opting Directors; 
16. 
Appointing the Company Secretary and his/her alternate; 
17. 
Appointing Banco Montepio's representatives to the governing bodies of institutions in which it 
has holdings or is a member. 
The Board of Directors is charged with delegating the current management of Banco Montepio to an 
Executive Committee, as well as charging one or more directors with the handling of certain management 
matters, within the legally defined limits. 
The Board of Directors shall define the composition, operating rules and the powers of the Executive 
Committee, and shall appoint its chair and, eventually, a vice-chair. 
In addition to the committees referred to in the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may also 
approve the appointment of committees to monitor, on a permanent basis, specific matters, and such 
committees shall be chaired by a member of the Board of Directors. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 5 members, elected at a General Meeting 
from among the non-executive members of the Board of Directors. If one is not appointed by the General 
Meeting, the Audit Committee shall nominate a Chair from among its members. 
Notwithstanding any legal requirements, the Audit Committee shall undertake a permanent assessment of 
Banco Montepio, in particular as regards its financial performance, the devising of the Issuer's strategy and 
general policies, the Banco Montepio Group's business structure and the decisions deemed strategic due to 
the sums or risks involved and, in particular: 
1. 
Monitor Banco Montepio's management; 
2. 
Monitor compliance with the law and the Articles of Association; 
3. 
Check the correctness of the Issuer's ledgers, accounting records and supporting documents; 
4. 
Check the accuracy of the accounting documents;

--- Page 137 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 129 - 
70-41053780 
 
5. 
Check whether the accounting policies and valuation criteria employed by Banco Montepio ensure 
the proper valuation of its assets and profits; 
6. 
Prepare an annual report on its audit work and give its opinion on the report, accounts and proposals 
submitted by the Board, as well as on the action plan and budget; 
7. 
Convene a General Meeting whenever the Chair of the General Meeting Board fails to do so; 
8. 
Monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system; 
9. 
Receive notices of irregularities sent by Banco Montepio shareholders, employees or others; 
10. 
Monitor the preparation and disclosure of financial information; 
11. 
Propose to the General Meeting the appointment of the Statutory Auditor; 
12. 
Monitor the auditing of Banco Montepio's financial statements; 
13. 
Monitor the independence of the Statutory Auditor, particularly in regard to the provision of 
additional services. 
The Audit Committee Chair shall convene and preside over meetings of the Audit Committee and has a 
casting vote. 
The Audit Committee shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month, and whenever 
convened by its Chair, on his/her own initiative or at the request of any of its members or of the Chair of 
the Board of Directors. 
Whenever it deems it necessary, the Audit Committee shall summon to its working sessions any person 
belonging to the Banco Montepio structure, as well as the external auditors. 
Members of the Audit Committee shall take part in meetings of the Executive Committee whenever the 
accounts for the year are appraised. 
The Audit Committee keeps a written record of all checks, audits and complaints received and actions 
taken, and the respective outcomes. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee consists of three members, including a Chairperson, appointed by the Board of 
Directors from among its non-executive members who must have the knowledge, skills and experience 
required by law. The majority of Risk Committee members, including the Chair, must have the status of 
independent. 
The Risk Committee is in charge of performing the duties set out in the law and, in particular: 
1. 
Advising the Board of Directors as to Banco Montepio's risk appetite and its general, current and 
future risk strategy; 
2. 
Assisting the Board of Directors in supervising the implementation of Banco Montepio's risk 
strategy; 
3. 
Analysing the terms and conditions of Banco Montepio's products and services and providing the 
Board of Directors with a correction plan whenever its analysis shows that the terms and conditions 
do not adequately reflect the risk; 
4. 
Examining whether the incentives defined in Banco Montepio's remuneration policy take into 
consideration risk, capital, liquidity and expectations as to results; 
5. 
Supervise the execution of strategies regarding all Banco Montepio's significant risks, in order to 
assess their suitability in relation to the approved risk policy and strategy, the risk appetite 
statement and the capital and liquidity policy;

--- Page 138 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 130 - 
70-41053780 
 
6. 
Analyse a set of possible scenarios, including stress scenarios, to assess how Banco Montepio's 
risk profile would react to external and internal events; 
7. 
Make recommendations to the Board of Directors on necessary adjustments to the risk strategy. 
The Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Following the general principle of optimising the structure, the Board of Directors, on its meeting held on 
25 July 2022, under the provisions of Article 14 (3) of the Articles of Association, considered it adequate 
to appoint a committee to support the Board in matters of ethics, sustainability and corporate governance 
and also in matters relating to assessments and nominations. 
The Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee is comprised of three 
members, including its Chair, all appointed by the Board of Directors from amongst its non-executive 
members. In accordance with the criteria provided for in the applicable legal and regulatory provisions and 
in the internal policy for the selection and assessment of the suitability of the members of the management 
and supervisory bodies, the majority of the Committee’s members must have independent statute, and must 
have, individually and collectively, the knowledge, experience and skills necessary for fulfilling their 
duties. 
The Assessment, Nominations, Ethics, Sustainability and Governance Committee is responsible for 
assisting the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee appointed by the General Meeting in the 
exercise of their respective powers, in terms of (a) selection and assessment of suitability, profile and 
performance, (b) remuneration and incentives created in this context to risk, capital and liquidity 
management effects, and (c) ethics, sustainability and corporate governance. 
The Statutory Auditor 
The Statutory Auditor, elected at a General Meeting, following a proposal from the Audit Committee, shall 
possess the skills required by law, namely by the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades 
Comerciais), and is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's 
report that includes its opinion. The Statutory Auditor shall attend General Meetings at which the accounts 
are appraised and whenever his presence is requested. 
Conflicts of Interest 
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective 
boards, none of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other principal activities as listed above. 
Business Addresses 
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members 
listed above is Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Base Prospectus. 
Banco Montepio and its relationship with MGAM 
The information disclosed below in relation to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista (MGAM) is 
presented for information only. MGAM is not responsible for payments on the Notes issued under the 
Programme which are the sole responsibility of Banco Montepio.

--- Page 139 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 131 - 
70-41053780 
 
Banco Montepio is a full-service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under 
the supervision of Banco de Portugal. It has separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is 
MGAM, with 99.99 per cent. shareholding. MGAM has no responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio's 
debts. For the avoidance of doubt, MGAM will not guarantee any Notes that may be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM (caixa económica anexa) 
with a view to paying MGAM its annual net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco Montepio's 
Articles of Association) so as to enable MGAM to meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit association 
(associação mutualista). 
MGAM is a "private institution of social support" (i.e. an instituição particular de solidariedade social of 
the mutual benefits association type (associação mutualista)) whose principal goals are to promote and 
develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and 
other beneficiaries nominated by them. MGAM is not permitted to carry out banking or trading activities. 
It is limited to its principal social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish subsidiaries and can 
invest its funds in a number of ways. It is subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As at 31 
December 2022, the total number of MGAM's permanent members was 606,483 (601,606 as at 31 
December 2021). The welfare schemes which MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement 
benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study 
schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. 
MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas). Those funds are invested in property and 
a number of different types of securities and equity participations, particularly financial institutions 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio). It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of 
organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation of members' social functions, 
publication of a members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding of 
prizes and scholarships. 
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio's share capital or otherwise to support 
Banco Montepio. 
Outline of the performance of the Banco Montepio Group's domestic companies 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
In June 2013, Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A. changed its corporate name to Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A. 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. is a holding company, with a 100 per cent. stake in Montepio Investimento 
S.A., Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A., SSAGIncentive, Sociedade de Serviços 
Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A., and an 80.2 per cent. stake of voting rights in Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. (which sale should be completed in 2023). 
Until 30 December 2021, Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. also held 100 per cent. of the capital and voting 
rights of Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A., which were sold to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista. This 
simplified the corporate structure of Banco Montepio Group. 
The companies in which Montepio Holding has a stake carry out a range of diversified activities, including 
banking, specialised consumer credit and long-term rentals. 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Montepio Investimento, S.A., a bank 100 per cent. controlled by Banco Montepio, through Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A., adopted the trade name of Banco de Empresas Montepio ("BEM") on 4 June 2019, 
henceforth developing, in an integrated and multidisciplinary manner, Commercial Banking and Investment 
Banking activities, aimed at placing on the market a complete, integrated and global offer of services.

--- Page 140 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 132 - 
70-41053780 
 
The Corporate Banking area supports its customers throughout all the stages of their business cycle, with 
specific solutions for every need, namely in areas related to international trade, factoring and treasury 
management. The Investment Banking area (which incorporates the areas of Corporate Finance, Capital 
Market, Advisory Services, Financial Structuring, and Debt and Equity Distribution) supports restructuring, 
capitalisation and enhancement of the robustness of companies, thus contributing to investment and 
sustainable growth of the Portuguese private sector. For such, BEM has a team of specialised professionals 
working side by side in permanent coordination, to assure that the customers receive a global and 
personalised service. 
In accordance with the defined strategy, Banco Montepio will maintain this activity and offer of value to 
Companies, but in a different organisational logic, centred on Banco Montepio, with a view to greater 
integration and simplification of the group. The integration of BEM's activity will also make it possible to 
align the criterion for allocating customers in retail banking with market practices, consolidating its 
structure with the ongoing adjustment in Banco Montepio and converging to the sector benchmark. 
In 2022, BEM maintained a performance oriented towards the objective of complementing Banco Montepio 
Group's offer of products and services aimed at the Corporate segment, especially the SME and middle 
market segments. 
BEM relies on 7 Corporate Centres, distributed throughout the country, where dedicated managers receive 
their customers, identify their needs, present value propositions while promoting relations of proximity. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Net assets of BEM amounted to €520.1 million, showing an increase of €82.4 
million (+18.8 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2021, leveraged by growth of credit granted as part of 
its vocation to support the Portuguese business community (+€87.0 million), alongside the decrease in the 
securities portfolio (-€19.7 million) namely the Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income item. 
Net loans and advances to customers totalled €427.8 million at 31 December 2022, compared to €340.8 
million at the end of 2021, an increase of €87.0 million (+25.5per cent.) determined by the performance of 
the business, namely the favourable evolution of Loans and Debt securities (bonds and commercial paper). 
As at 31 December 2022, Shareholders' equity (€183.2 million) and deposits from other credit institutions 
(€332.7 million) were the main source of funding for Assets, representing 99.2 per cent. of total Assets, 
compared to 96.5 per cent. at the end of 2021. 
In 2022, there was a favourable evolution in the operating component compared to 2021, a period still 
marked by the economic crisis and the pandemic seen worldwide, with an increase in the level of revenues, 
in parallel with the increase in operating costs resulting from the allocation of resources to the development 
of the activity. 
Operating income in 2022 reached €10.6 million, representing an increase of €1.9 million (+22.2 per cent.) 
compared to the figure recorded in 2021, benefiting, fundamentally, from the favourable performance of 
net interest income (+€1.3 million), driven by the growth in the loans to customers portfolio and net 
commissions (+€0.4 million), determined by the increase in commissions related to advisory services and 
financial structuring. There was also a favourable development of Income from financial operations, which 
reached € -0.1 million compared to € -1.1 million in 2021 (+€0.9 million), benefiting from the favourable 
evolution of both variable-income securities and Bonds and other fixed-income securities. On the other 
hand, there was a reduction of €0.2 million in Other operating income, due to the increase in contributions 
from the banking sector, the increase in servicing costs and recovery expenses and the lower gains from the 
sale of real estate received as payment in kind of credit, mitigated by the capital gains obtained from the 
sale of credits under the Alqueva and Alvito operations. 
Operating costs in 2022 increased to €5.5 million compared to €4.8 million in 2021, as a result of the 
increase recorded in personnel costs (+€0.7 million) and in general administrative costs (+€0.2 million), 
together with the reduction recorded in Depreciation and amortisation (-€0.1 thousand). 
Income before impairments and provisions increased to €5.1 million in 2022 compared to €3.9 million in 
2021, essentially reflecting the favourable evolution of Operating income, which more than offset the 
increase in Operating costs, showing the value of an offer focused on the needs of Companies.

--- Page 141 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 133 - 
70-41053780 
 
Impairments and provisions stood at €2.2 million (€0.2 million in 2021), penalised by the increase in the 
allocations to Impairment of other financial assets and Other provisions, despite the reversal of Loan 
impairment and the recovery of loans and interest. 
Montepio Crédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. 
Montepio Crédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (Montepio Crédito), 100 per cent. controlled by 
Banco Montepio, through Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A., offers specialised credit in the automobile, home 
and services sectors, and equipment, complemented by a set of solutions for customers that are individuals, 
companies and institutions of the Social Economy sector. The specialised credit segment shows one of the 
vertices of the Banco Montepio Group's strategy, reflecting the focus on consumer credit. 
As a result of the repositioning made in terms of the Banco Montepio Group and the strong and solid 
relations established with its partners, based on the experience acquired over the years, Montepio Crédito 
has developed a specialised offer of credit solutions in the following areas: Automobile, Health, Automobile 
Repair, Telecommunications and Furniture for the segment of individuals; and Logistics, Water, Transport, 
Energy, Energy Efficiency and Industry for the segment of companies. 
Montepio Crédito has an extensive team of professionals in the networks in which it operates, in order to 
provide the best service and support to its customers, through the diversity of its specialised offer in the 
areas of personal credit, loans linked to an asset, movable property leases and operating leases (renting). 
The entire team relies on the centralised support of a specialised back-office. 
At 31 December 2022, net assets totalled €569.2 million, compared to €616.9 million recorded at the end 
of 2021 (-€47.7 million), as a result of the decreases recorded in Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss and Loans and advances to customers. It should be noted that in individual accounts, securitisation 
operations are accounted as retained notes in the securities portfolio, which are, however, eliminated in the 
consolidated accounts. 
Loans and advances to customers (net) reached €547.7 million at 31 December 2022, representing a 
reduction of only €2.4 million (-0.4 per cent.) relative to the value recorded at the end of 2021, 
notwithstanding the constraints verified in the automotive sector value chains, as a consequence of the war 
in Europe, which influenced the dynamics of supply and demand for specialised credit in that sector. 
The securities portfolio stood at €10.4 million at 31 December 2022, which corresponds to a reduction of 
€45.3 million compared to the value at the end of 2021, as a result of the reduction recorded in financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss due to the liquidation of the Aqua Finance No. 4 securitisation. 
As at 31 December 2022, Equity stood at €67.9 million, showing an increase of €5.5 million (+8.9 per 
cent.) compared to the value of €62.4 million booked at the end of 2021, due to accumulated net profit for 
the period and the favourable actuarial deviation of the Pension Fund. 
Operating income reached €20.3 million in 2022, representing a reduction of €0.4 million (-2.0 per cent.) 
compared to €20.7 million in 2021. It was penalised by the evolution of Net interest income, which fell by 
€6.1 million (-48.8 per cent.), reflecting the reduction in the Net interest income from the securities portfolio 
(as a result of the Pelican Finance no. 2 securitisation), and net commissions, which fell by €0.7 million (-
15.3 per cent.), partially offset by the increase of €5.4 million (+104.0 per cent.) recorded in Income from 
assets and liabilities valued at fair value through profit or loss (reflecting the aforementioned securitisation 
of consumer credit, an operation carried out aimed at strengthening the Banco Montepio Group's own funds 
ratios). 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, Operating costs stood at €12.9 million (€12.7 million in 2021), with 
an increase of €0.2 million due to the increase in personnel costs. 
Income before impairments and provisions in the year ended 31 December 2022 reached €7.4 million, 
showing a reduction of €0.6 million (-7.5 per cent.) compared to the figure recorded in 2021, as a result of 
a decrease in net operating income and an increase in operating costs.

--- Page 142 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 134 - 
70-41053780 
 
SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. 
SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. ("SSAGIncentive"), is 
100 per cent. controlled by Banco Montepio through Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A., with its corporate 
object being the real estate properties management and trading. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Assets of SSAGIncentive totalled €53.9 million, showing a reduction of 1.7 
per cent. compared to the value of €54.9 million recorded at the end of 2021, as a result of the decrease 
registered in the Real Estate Inventories, partially offset by the increase in the caption Cash and bank 
deposits, reflecting the amount received from the sale of properties. 
The real estate properties under management are accounted as inventories and refer to the acquisitions made 
to Banco Montepio of immovable properties for sale, namely fractions of real estate valued at market value. 
On 31 December 2022 the inventories amounted to €17.6 million, of which €6.1 million refer to buildings 
and €11.5 million refer to land, showing a reduction of €6.7 million compared to €24.3 million recorded as 
at 31 December 2021, as a result of the sales throughout 2022. 
Cash and bank deposits totalled €36.3 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of €5.7 
million compared to €30.6 million recorded at the end of 2021, representing the deposits made with Banco 
Montepio and reflecting the amount received with the sale of the properties. 
As at 31 December 2022, Equity stood at €53.5 million, compared to €54.6 million as at 31 December 
2021, reflecting the unfavourable impact of the 2021 net income. Equity was the main source of funding, 
representing 99.2 per cent. of Total assets compared to 99.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
Sales and services provided amounted to €5.9 million in 2022, compared to €10.5 million in 2021, 
corresponding to the amounts arising from sales of inventories under SSAGIncentive's current activity. 
Cost of goods sold and materials consumed reached €5.6 million in 2022, representing a reduction of €4.6 
million compared to 2021, and represents the acquisition cost of the properties sold, after deducting the 
respective impairment. 
Impairment of inventories amounted to €1.1 million in 2022 in comparison to €1.7 million in 2021 due to 
the reduction of impairments of real estate properties for trading in 2022. 
The Other income stood at €0.04 million in 2022 compared to €0.09 million in 2021 and comprised tax 
refunds relating to real estate sold, income obtained from real estate and other income. 
Other costs and losses, which includes costs related to management, maintenance, legalisation and sales 
promotion of real estate properties, amounted to €0.4 million in 2022 compared to €0.6 million in 2021. 
The Income before impairments and provisions in 2022 stood at negative €1.1 million, compared to 
negative €1.9 million recorded in 2021, mainly as a result of the lower level of inventories' impairment 
recorded in the year.

--- Page 143 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 135 - 
70-41053780 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese, Luxembourg and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws 
of Portugal, Luxembourg and the United States of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. This description is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date. 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may 
be relevant to decide about the purchase of Notes. Notably, the following general discussion does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local 
taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interests, redemption or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Notes issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the difference between the redemption value 
and the subscription cost is regarded as investment income and is taxed accordingly. 
General tax regime on debt securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on 
that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income (englobamento), 
subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per 
cent. applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €250,000. 
Without prejudice to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005) as described 
further below, the general tax regime on debt securities applicable to non resident individuals is the 
following: Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non resident individuals is subject to 
withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special tax 
rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each 
year, which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. 
applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €250,000. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non resident legal persons with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their 
taxable income and are subject to corporate income tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer 
is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise (Small Mid Cap) as established 
in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, as amended, and additional conditions are met, 17 per 
cent. (8.75 per cent. in four of the eleven municipalities of the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 8.75 per 
cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 per cent. (14.7 per

--- Page 144 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 136 - 
70-41053780 
 
cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) on profits 
in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. 
of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject 
to State surcharge (derrama estadual) of 3 per cent. on the part of their taxable profits that exceeds 
€1,500,000 up to €7,500,000 (2.1 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 2.1 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores), of 5 per cent., on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €7,500,000 
(3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) 
and 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000 (6.3 per cent. in the Autonomous 
Region of Madeira; 6.3 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores). 
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income (except where the 
beneficial owner is either a financial institution, a pension fund, a retirement or education fund, a share 
savings fund, a venture capital fund, a collective investment undertakings or an exempt entity as specified 
by current Portuguese tax law), which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more resident accountholders or non resident accountholders with or without a 
permanent establishment in Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to 
a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are 
identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
legal persons resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime as 
defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded from 
time to time). 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non resident in Portugal without 
a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by non resident individuals are exempt from Portuguese 
capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a 
clearly more favourable tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 
2004 (as amended or superseded from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be 
subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by 
case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes by a legal person non resident in Portugal for tax purposes 
and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. 
directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold will not be 
applicable when the following cumulative conditions are met by the seller): (i) the entity at issue has its 
residence in the European Union in the European Economic Area (provided that such State is bound to 
cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the 
exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States), or in 
any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees information exchange; (ii) 
such entity is subject and not exempt from a corporate tax in accordance with article 2 of Directive 
2011/96/EU, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate; 
(iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights for at least 1 year uninterruptedly prior 
to the disposal; and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements 
that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax 
advantage) or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as 
amended or superseded from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to

--- Page 145 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 137 - 
70-41053780 
 
corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are 
usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005) 
Pursuant to Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended from time to time ("Decree-law 
193/2005"), investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposal of the 
Notes, to non-Portuguese tax resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax 
provided the debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity 
resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international 
clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal 
or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate 
with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of 
information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU member states or (iii) integrated in 
other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government 
authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(a) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(b) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese Government; or 
(c) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or 
(d) 
other entities without head offices, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 
(as amended or superseded from time to time). 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the 
provision of information to that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a 
Noteholder is required to hold the Notes through an account with one of the following entities: 
(a) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
(b) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the "direct registered entities", 
is a client of the latter; or 
(c) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the Noteholders 
in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
Domestic Cleared Notes 
Registration of the Notes in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront and 
requires evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficial owner, to be provided by the Noteholder to 
the direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income 
(rendimentos de capitais) and to the transfer of Notes, as follows: 
(i) 
if the beneficial owner is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese 
Government, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial 
owner of the Notes itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) 
below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal 
not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately 
of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying;

--- Page 146 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 138 - 
70-41053780 
 
(ii) 
if the beneficial owner of the Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or 
an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its 
tax identification official document or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such 
supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial 
owner of the Notes and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The 
respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being 
necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any 
change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(iii) 
if a beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or a collective investment undertaking 
domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax 
treaty or an agreement for exchange of information regarding tax matters, certification shall be 
provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which 
is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms 
of paragraph (iv) below, so long as the beneficial owners of Notes provide the confirmation referred 
to in paragraph (iv) below; and 
(iv) 
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: confirmation must 
be made by the relevant beneficial owner of Notes by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities, (B) a document issued by the relevant 
Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by an 
official entity taking part of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect 
or autonomous) of the relevant country; for these purposes, an identification document such as a 
passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is indirectly possible to presume the 
relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) are not acceptable. The 
beneficial owner of the Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of such documents and, 
as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been 
issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the 
relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The beneficial owner of the 
Notes must inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement 
conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption. 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain 
individual Noteholders, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued 
but unpaid interest). There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the possible exception of payments 
made to certain individual Noteholders, upon repayment of principal in case of reimbursement, redemption, 
repurchase or exchange of the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual resident beneficial owners are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding 
tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has stated that it 
will not participate.

--- Page 147 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 139 - 
70-41053780 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council. Following the 
meeting of the Council of the EU on 14 June 2019, the FTT currently considered by the participating 
Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies 
which have their head offices in a member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion 
on 1 December of the preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to reach a 
final agreement among the participating Member States, further work in the Council and its preparatory 
bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competencies, rights and obligations of non-participating 
EU member states are respected. 
The proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the scope of 
any such tax and its adoption is uncertain and remains unclear. Additional EU member states may decide 
to participate. 
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted, and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes 
may be diminished. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The new regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 
9 December 2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning 
bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development in July 2014. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the tax authorities of 
their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information 
regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing 
in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in 
a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. 
The information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of residence, tax 
identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the end of the calendar 
year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account during the calendar year; 
or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, dividends and any other income 
generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the 
account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or 
otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013 of 10 May. 
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law No. 64/2016 of 11 October. 
Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the 
relevant tax authorities of EU member states or states which have signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common 
Reporting Standard. 
In view of the above-mentioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were 
provided by the Ministry of Finance, through Order No. 302-A/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-
B/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-C/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-D/2016 of 2 
December 2016 and Order No. 302-E/2016 of 2 December 2016. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification,

--- Page 148 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 140 - 
70-41053780 
 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number 
of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to 1 
January 2019 and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 149 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 141 - 
70-41053780 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
7 June 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on their own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by an Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment and update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons of any 
identifiable Tranche of Notes. Term used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulations 
S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer that is participating in the offering of such Notes may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every subsequent purchaser 
of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulations S; and 
(b) 
this Note has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered,

--- Page 150 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 142 - 
70-41053780 
 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States except pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a 
"Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes

--- Page 151 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 143 - 
70-41053780 
 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer shall be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes to the public which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom – Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 152 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 144 - 
70-41053780 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to offers to the public in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") of approval 
of the prospectus in relation to those Notes, by the competent authority of a Member State of the 
European Economic Area, other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 
months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or 
(b) 
in relation to offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant final terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the AMF. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.

--- Page 153 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 145 - 
70-41053780 
 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based 
contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 
33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes or any copy of this Base

--- Page 154 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 146 - 
70-41053780 
 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in an offer of 
securities to the public under the meaning of Article 2, letter (d) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or Article 
1, paragraph 1, letter (t) of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial 
Services Act”) except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) 
of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended 
from time to time; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as 
amended from time to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and   
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or registers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at 
its own expense.

--- Page 155 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 147 - 
70-41053780 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation". Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]3 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")][UK MiFIR]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
 
2  
Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Applicable". 
3 
Include where item (viii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 156 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 148 - 
70-41053780 
 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore – SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are ['prescribed capital markets products']/[capital markets products other than 'prescribed 
capital markets products'] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded]/[Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]4 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]5 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated  7 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at www.luxse.com) and 
on the website of the Issuer (at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-
programmes).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [7 June 2018/31 October 2019]   which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 7 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the base prospectus dated 7 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain 
all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus 
dated [7 June 2018/31 October 2019]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
 
4 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider whether it needs to 
reclassify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the Offer. 
5 
Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Not Applicable".

--- Page 157 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 149 - 
70-41053780 
 
available on the basis of the combination of the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at www.luxse.com) and on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-
programmes).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert amount, interest 
rate, maturity date and issue date of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(Notes will only be tradeable in the Specified 
Denomination) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[such amount will be no less than par]

--- Page 158 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 150 - 
70-41053780 
 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Ordinary Senior Notes] [Senior Non Preferred 
Notes] [Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[3
60/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-
ICMA) 
13. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date[[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 151 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●][subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable][subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 13(xvi)] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Floating Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xv) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xvi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xviii) Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
[First Reset Period Fallback] 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
[Swap Rate Period] 
[●] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 160 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 152 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the [Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in Condition 
5(k))/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Ordinary Senior Notes – MREL 
Event; 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(f) 
apply]]

--- Page 161 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 153 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period 
[●] 
17. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Minimum 
Percentage:  
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Notice period 
[●] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon a 
Capital 
Event 
(in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes) or on event of 
default 
 
21. 
[Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Event) 
[●] per Calculation Amount6 
 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Event) per Calculation Amount payable 
upon an MREL Event (in the case of 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes MREL Event" has been 
specified as "Applicable" in the Final 
Terms)] 
 
 
6 
Include only for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes 
– MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms.

--- Page 162 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 154 - 
70-41053780 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment and not the 
end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 13(xvii) relates)] 
23. 
Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set- 
Off 
Condition [2(d)] is [Not] Applicable]7 
24. 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes: 
Negative 
Pledge 
Condition 3(a) is [Not] Applicable]8 
25. 
[Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of 
Default 
Condition 9(a) is [Not] Applicable]9 
26. 
[Capital Event: 
Substitution and Variation 
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]10 
27. 
[MREL Event: 
Substitution and Variation 
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]11 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable][[[●] has been extracted from [●]], which, when read together with the Base Prospectus 
referred to above, contains all information that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
7 
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be 
MREL Eligible Instruments. 
8 
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. 
9 
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Not Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended 
to be MREL Eligible Instruments. 
10 
Include for Subordinated Notes only. 
11 
Include for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be MREL Eligible 
Instruments.

--- Page 163 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 155 - 
70-41053780 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official 
List] of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to 
be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market/[●]] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
[Official 
List] 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[●]] and to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market/[●]] 
with effect from [●].][Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The Notes to be issued have not been 
rated][The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Include 
appropriate 
Credit 
Rating 
Agency 
Regulation (1060/2009) ("CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") disclosure) 
 
 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can 
be found at (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:)

--- Page 164 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 156 - 
70-41053780 
 
 
[[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers],] [So/so] far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
[●] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD 
 
 
[Include for Fixed Rate Notes only] 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
CINS: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., Euroclear Bank 
S.A./NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.]

--- Page 165 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 157 - 
70-41053780 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C 
Applicable/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
7. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which [is 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI").]] 
8. 
USE 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[Per the Base Prospectus]/[specify]] 
 
(ii) 
Net Amount of Proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 166 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 158 - 
70-41053780 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation - The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Portuguese Republic in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The 
2023 update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee passed 
on 2 May 2023 and the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved on 29 May 2023. 
2. 
Listing - Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
3. 
No significant change in the financial position of the Issuer - There has been no significant 
change in the financial position of Banco Montepio and/or the Banco Montepio Group and no 
significant change in the financial performance of Banco Montepio since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information has been published, 31 March 2023. 
4. 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer - There has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Banco Montepio since 31 December 2022, the date of the last audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022. 
5. 
Litigation - Save as disclosed on pages 119-120 in "– Description of the Issuer – Legal and 
arbitration proceedings", neither Banco Montepio nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant 
effects, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the 
Banco Montepio Group. 
6. 
Conditions for Determining Price - The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be 
determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing 
market conditions. 
7. 
Interbolsa - Notes have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, no. 3433, 4100-138, Porto, Portugal. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Documents available - For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection and, in the case of (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) 
below, copies will be available free of charge, at the (a) registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified 
office 
of 
the 
Agent 
and 
(b) 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-relations : 
(i) 
the Instrument (which includes the form of the Notes); 
(ii) 
the Agency Terms; 
(iii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Annual Report 2022 and the Annual Report 2021; 
(v) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2023; 
(vi) 
the 2018 Conditions;

--- Page 167 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 159 - 
70-41053780 
 
(vii) 
the 2019 Conditions; 
(viii) 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or are listed or admitted to trading on any 
other stock exchange; and 
(ix) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms that are listed and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the documents 
incorporated by reference will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
9. 
Copy of the Base Prospectus, latest annual report, accounts of the Issuer and latest first 
quarter interim accounts of the Issuer - Copies of the Base Prospectus and the latest annual 
report and accounts of Banco Montepio and the latest first quarter interim accounts of Banco 
Montepio may be obtained at the specified offices of the Agent during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
10. 
Issuer's 2021 and 2022 accounts - PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. have audited the financial statements of Banco Montepio for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
11. 
Third party information - Where information has been sourced from third parties this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of such third party information is 
identified where used. 
12. 
Issuer's code - The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
13. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not have any obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the securities, including 
potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 168 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 160 -
70-41053780 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral 
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 - 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt/ Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy  
CS 50318 
92972 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 169 ---
10258236601-v54 
- 161 -
70-41053780 
AGENT 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London, E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
António Frutuoso de Melo e Associados, 
Sociedade de Advogados, SP RL 
Avenida da Liberdade, 38-1.˚ 
1250-145 Lisbon 
Portugal 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor 
1069-316 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg