--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Prospectus is 5 August 2021
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
acting through its France branch 
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, S.A. 
 (incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its France branch (“CGDFB”) and Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”). Each of 
CGD and CGDFB is, in relation to Notes issued by it, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”. 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, each of the 
Issuers may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law dated 16 
July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Law”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) for the approval of this Prospectus as a 
base prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to economic and financial soundness of, or to the 
quality or solvency of, any Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. This Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
an endorsement of any Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Pursuant 
to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Market”). References 
in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
“MiFID II”). However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) 
as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called the final terms (the “Final Terms”). Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and 
the issue price of Notes for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche.  
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary 
Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Note, “Global Notes”). Interests in a Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of an offering and the relevant issue date (the 
“Exchange Date”), upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“New Global Note” or 
“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Certificates will be 
deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the 
exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes or definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. In addition, CGD may issue 
Notes represented in book entry form (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System, Central de Valores Mobiliários (“Interbolsa”) (“Book Entry Notes”). 
Notes of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in registered form (“Registered Notes” comprising a “Registered Series”) and which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the 
meaning of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), will initially be represented by interests in a definitive global unrestricted Registered Certificate 
(each an “Unrestricted Global Certificate”), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a nominee for, and registered in the name of the Common Depositary on its issue date. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through records maintained by, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Notes 
of each Tranche of each Registered Series sold in the United States to a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”), as referred to in, and 
subject to the transfer restrictions described in “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”, will initially be represented by a definitive global restricted Registered Certificate (each a 
“Restricted Global Certificate” and together with any Unrestricted Global Certificates, the “Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on its issue date. Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate and a Restricted Global Certificate will 
be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its participants, including depositaries for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. See “Clearing 
and Settlement”. Individual definitive Registered Notes will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described herein. 
CGD has been rated B (short term) and BB+ (long term) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), P-3 (short term) and Baa3 (long term) by Moody’s Investors Service España 
(“Moody’s”) and R-2 (high) (short term) and BBB (long term) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). The credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus will be treated for the purposes of 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), as having been issued by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS. Each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
As such, each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such ratings will 
be indicated in the relevant Final Terms and such ratings will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “BMR Register”) established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “BMR”).  
This Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) will be valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 5 August 2022. The obligation to supplement the 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, “valid” means valid for making 
offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the relevant Issuer and the obligation to supplement the Prospectus is only required within its period of 
validity between the time when the Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period for the Notes or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. This Prospectus does not describe all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes. 
Arranger
BofA Securities
Dealers
BayernLB
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A.
 Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.
Commerzbank

--- Page 2 ---
The date of this Prospectus is 5 August 2021 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca  
Mizuho Securities  
Morgan Stanley  
MUFG 
NATIXIS  
NatWest Markets 
 Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuers and their subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole 
(each a “Subsidiary” and together with the Issuers, the “CGD Group” or the “Group”) and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the relevant Issuer, the type of securities and the circumstances of the 
relevant Issuer, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the relevant Issuer, the rights attaching to the securities 
and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer. 
Each of the Issuers accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and in the 
relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
each Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts 
and this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer in the EEA of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for each Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case in relation to such offer. Neither Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes 
in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes, and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, the Arranger (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme”) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of any Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of any Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by each Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any of their 
respective directors, affiliates, advisers, agents, nor Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”), nor the 
Agents (as defined in the Agency Agreement) accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this 
Prospectus or for any statement made therein, in connection with the Issuers or any other information provided 
by the Issuers in connection with the Programme. The Dealers and their respective directors, affiliates, advisers, 
agents, the Trustee and the Agents accordingly each disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract 
or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect of such document or any such statement. No 
representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers or agents, the Trustee or the Agents as to the accuracy, completeness, verification or 
sufficiency of the information set out in this Prospectus and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective 
directors, affiliates, advisers or agents nor the Trustee nor the Agents accepts any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuers or any other person in connection with this Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers in connection with the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Notes (as defined below), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Projects (as defined below), any verification of whether the Eligible 
Green Projects meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Notes (or amounts equal 
thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuers to particular Eligible Green Projects. Investors should 
refer to the Green Financing Framework (as defined below) which the Issuers may publish from time to time, 
any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers in 
respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for further information. Any such  
framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or 
contents thereof. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither 
the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated;
(iv)
thoroughly understand the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) appointed as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be

--- Page 5 ---
5 
ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors – If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors – If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuers have each determined, and hereby notify all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case 
of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD INTO OR WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)) OR TO ANY PERSON 
OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR 
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THE NOTES 
SOLD IN BEARER FORM ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, 
NOTES SOLD IN BEARER FORM MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE 
DEALER AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED HEREIN). 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-
U.S. PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S AND WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS” IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A. FOR A DESCRIPTION 
OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF 
NOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PROSPECTUS SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” AND 
“TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS”. THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUERS 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES AND FOR THE 
LISTING OF NOTES ON THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING 
OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”,
“EUR”, “Euro” and “euro” are to the lawful currency of the EU Member States that adopt the single currency 
introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, to “U.S.$”, “$” 
and “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, to “£”, “sterling” and “pounds sterling” are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, to “ZAR” are to the lawful currency of South Africa, to “MZM” and 
“metical” are to the lawful currency of Mozambique, to “pataca” are to the lawful currency of the Macau

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Special Administrative Region in the People’s Republic of China and to “CVE” are to the lawful currency of 
Cape Verde. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................19
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................51
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................53
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..........................................................................................................54
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................55
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES CLEARED THROUGH EUROCLEAR OR 
CLEARSTREAM WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .....................................................................................99
BOOK ENTRY NOTES HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA ........................................................................104
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................106
DESCRIPTION OF THE CGD GROUP ........................................................................................................107
DESCRIPTION OF CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, FRANCE BRANCH ..............................................146
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................148
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .................................................................................................................164
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................168
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .......................................................................................................................174
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................175
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................186
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ........................................................................189

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus. Words or 
expressions defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, which includes the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall have the same meaning herein. 
Issuers 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”) 
CGD may also issue Notes through its French branch, 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGDFB”) 
As at the date of this Prospectus, CGD will not issue syndicated 
Notes until (i) an appropriate resolution has been passed by its 
Board of Directors (or Executive Committee) and (ii) the Dealers 
have been provided with a legal opinion from CGD’s external 
legal advisers in Portugal. For non-syndicated issues, see 
“General Information” below.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57 (Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.). 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/ 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time.  
Arranger 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers 
Bayerische Landesbank 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Caixa-Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of 
Notes other than Book Entry Notes 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Portuguese Paying Agent in respect of 
Book Entry Notes 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms document (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price 
The Final Terms will specify the Issue Price. Notes may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Ratings 
CGD has been rated B (short term) and BB+ (long term) by 
Fitch, P-3 (short term) and Baa3 (long term) by Moody’s and R-
2 (high) (short term) and BBB (long term) by DBRS. 
As per the rating services of Fitch, obligations rated “B” indicate 
that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety 
remains. Financial commitments are currently being met; 
however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration in the business and economic environment. 
Obligations rated “BB” indicate an elevated vulnerability to 
default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, business or 
financial flexibility exists that supports the servicing of financial 
commitments. The modifier “+” appended to the rating denotes 
relative status within major rating categories. 
Source: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-
definitions#rating-scales 
As per the ratings services of Moody’s, P-3 issuers (or 
supporting institutions) rated “Prime-3” have an acceptable 
ability to repay short-term obligations. Obligations rated “Baa” 
are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered 
medium-grade and as such may possess speculative 
characteristics. The modifier “3” indicates a ranking in the 
lower end of that generic rating category. 
Source: https://ratings.moodys.io/ratings#rating-scale 
As per the rating services of DBRS, a rating of “R-2 (high)” 
(according to DBRS’s Commercial Paper and Short-Term Debt 
Rating Scale) indicate the obligations fall within the upper end 
of adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of short-
term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable but may 
be vulnerable to future events. A rating of “BBB” (according to 
DBRS’ Long Term Obligations Scale) indicates adequate credit 
quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is 
considered acceptable but may be vulnerable to future events. 
Sources: 
Short Term 
https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/document/236749.pdf?Expir
es=1598615468&Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cm

--- Page 11 ---
11 
NlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGJyc21vcm5pbmdzdGFyLmNvb
S9kb2N1bWVudC8yMzY3NDkucGRmIiwiQ29uZGl0aW9uIjp
7IkRhdGVMZXNzVGhhbiI6eyJBV1M6RXBvY2hUaW1lIjox
NTk4NjE1NDY4fX19XX0_&Signature=UqoJeCh4hPRH~~5
mh3V5pTzo1-
u54c4~0pfRDV~rH2~AdHZ~sVyTQCfyIFHbNkAcjqSfghlw8
RwhfVQdUH2Gqi8xNmnSYFLNp3AaQMNlOn5STGluIfOoL
kfHgB9RxCbY32jT9slRu7CtIbMmRFkJERG1QhqpW2sGxsy
X~fJ27pKUSioptS6r7I65U8w1qHXkRC2Gm7GXE85hAnk-
7T4Ba7jk~AXBFvx1FEYShpi1-
hhFnOp8wbuInn1Awz1DSG0n4JOxaIJaVUNwYB1FoFjRgxQ
vsMACHR5J9mDM4WV0OTROeuZi93jRDaxIjTUo-
r5GBf2r3NQDt1D6qW1CBSm1-
XyzJ6EsltHvHlTlJYDnMqywyAXPX-
5nAN4VkAuRBDvbitXsOqJeBxccKy-
9D4047CmU7C0KuX4MK-
5a6~4PQ6zcGuS~ER7PWHk6ydKp1D~E0KmIsnRIGhCIa48tI
GYGv27Gg8uFtVbFOXt3TzVfpUFHop0PNLmkvwLfeAMRZ
WQhhq9ig48~Udr08dkzLrxQcXA73p0e2mcwtqMj8fNL1PnA
qzExzkTsovIEFCwwnM7wVepDnUwT0Bkqrmwg~4LrTZKKl
SyBuFTOu3589qIQJobFv9lGkqoJEQEbsANZ6IHocUOJG440
Vuuk9m2CHfOR6fHv1B8Dg8pDR35FJpSdpxM_&Key-Pair-
Id=APKAI2JJS4PJDGONDEZQ
Long Term 
https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/document/236754.pdf?Expir
es=1598615544&Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cm
NlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGJyc21vcm5pbmdzdGFyLmNvb
S9kb2N1bWVudC8yMzY3NTQucGRmIiwiQ29uZGl0aW9uIj
p7IkRhdGVMZXNzVGhhbiI6eyJBV1M6RXBvY2hUaW1lIjo
xNTk4NjE1NTQ0fX19XX0_&Signature=GzJkGpoWabgz5pU
LI5iaLyrKn6Pb06ZqEglFnR~Xl4ePMMY5sCnH~lQAATJ7K
moTKfI2n4qCzQIFOusZVq2esuhSYwk2ythR8Ojfx-
LGG9MuDqDuZAzbt~tmuXYHBp3H~KHNb9Y-
VC5G9TqpMkmtiyvDhnKrqw1Wr86uAN8TJYDBm3glI1DoA
xYxPxZWEI9JL~JpEQnsy0QqybqY2WtwS77sdY~dRCRLxW
lXfa-3M6ezQagbR-
GDR1TBGIjtgHOY0y4Fd9b0wmZkqbn3Gx0qBv34U1jaqOS
MpGCJ0xumR8J-oMzFpuGjA0yvigcsUrPnaIlhn-
P~25YjpzDX21~BUnCVbC0UKqe6R4eth83n5KU04LqW93h
8l3IurCrhzRXe9dK7Ys~cN7~DbxdWL4mG6D6jzz8fSRBBbc
EAfCmLLKNCC07RfyWQLiannO6r6PPjrpW6t5Fk04d2Ir7Dr
X9AGbbu4s-
UWssF6JeZDlzHDH075jiJiWgJ90pGxGsWtWOaQDPV2bdu
DNXyHv4aaOiLk1aQ8onxfLF~KP9eHzu51PT62nnC2ZIMBB
JVQExozmSllXp9IE1cuxlTciIW~mViNBfskm4kQj7dI4Q1Zp
DrSr~5x8EBAm1bNMvZm4U53zQmK9e0D930maYmGYdQ
qqYgCSeEjFZ54NUpBruwDGA1gEE_&Key-Pair-
Id=APKAI2JJS4PJDGONDEZQ
Form of Notes 
The Notes (other than Book Entry Notes) may be issued in bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes which 
are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes 
will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note which will be deposited (a) in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
case of Notes issued in NGN form, on or prior to the original 
issue date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case of Notes issued in 
CGN form, on the Issue Date, with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (c) in the 
case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Paying Agent, any other agents and the relevant Dealer(s). No 
interest will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note 
except as described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”. Interests in Temporary Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for interests in Permanent Global 
Notes or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes but, if TEFRA D (as defined below under “Selling 
Restrictions”) apply to such Tranche, only after the date falling 
40 days after the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes) for Registered Notes (as described below). Interests in 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in bearer form or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes) for Registered Notes in the limited circumstances 
described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of a Series which are sold in 
an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation S 
(“Unrestricted Notes”) will initially be represented by interests 
in an Unrestricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
deposited with a nominee for, and registered in the name of a 
common depositary of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
on its Issue Date. Registered Notes of such Tranche sold in the 
United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 
144A (“Restricted Notes”) will initially be represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date. Any Restricted Global 
Certificate and any individual Definitive Restricted Notes will 
bear a legend applicable to purchasers who purchase the 
Registered Notes as described under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
In addition, CGD may issue Book Entry Notes that will be 
integrated in and held through Interbolsa, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The terms and conditions of each series of 
Book Entry Notes shall be the terms and conditions set out in this 
Prospectus, as supplemented, as necessary by a supplement to 
this Prospectus, and/or the relevant Final Terms. The Book Entry 
Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by CGD in favour of 
holders Book Entry Notes dated 5 August 2021 (the 
“Instrument”). 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for Bearer Notes, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and DTC for Registered 
Notes and Interbolsa, Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear 
for Book Entry Notes. In relation to any Tranches, Notes may be 
cleared through such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Initial Delivery of Notes other than 
Book Entry Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes issued 
in NGN form will be delivered to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue 
date for each Tranche, the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes issued in CGN form will 
be deposited with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, the Unrestricted Global Certificate representing 
Unrestricted Notes will be deposited with a common depositary 
for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and the Restricted 
Global Certificate representing Restricted Notes will be 
deposited with a custodian for DTC. Global Notes or Certificates 
relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
relevant Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one 
or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers except Book Entry 
Notes, which may only be issued in euros or such other 
currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Maturities 
Notes shall not be issued with maturity of less than 398 (three 
hundred and ninety-eight) days or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity of at least five 
years or as otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time. 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
According to the Luxembourg Law, the CSSF is not competent 
to approve prospectuses for the listing of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and 
which also comply with the definition of securities in the 
Luxembourg Law. 
Denomination 
Notes (including Book Entry Notes) will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
save that, in respect of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer

--- Page 14 ---
14 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Securities and Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of 
U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof, in each case subject to compliance 
with all legal and/or regulatory requirements applicable to the 
Specified Currency. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference 
to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, 
and for a period equal to the reset period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(ii)
by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption / Early Redemption 
Redemption 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, which shall be 
at least equal to its nominal amount. 
Early Redemption

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, in the 
case of Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, following an Event of Default or, in the case of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
upon a Capital Disqualification Event, but otherwise early 
redemption will be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible as Tier 2 
Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as applicable, will be 
subject to the prior consent of the competent authorities and/or 
relevant resolution authorities, to the extent required, in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Cash Bonds 
Notes may qualify as cash bonds (obrigações de caixa) under the 
terms of Decree Law No. 408/91 of 17 October 1991 (as 
amended), provided that certain requirements set out therein are 
met, including that (i) such Notes have a maturity of not less than 
two years, (ii) the relevant Issuer is not entitled to acquire such 
Notes before two years have elapsed since the relevant Issue 
Date and (iii) the Noteholders may not choose to redeem such 
Notes before one year has elapsed since the relevant Issue Date. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, on the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser who 
may determine or (if such Independent Adviser fails to make any 
such determination or the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser) the relevant Issuer may determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 5(i). 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders, although this will not apply in any event 
to Subordinated Notes save for in the limited circumstances set 
out in Condition 6(b), (c), (d) and (e). 
Substitution 
The Trustee and the relevant Issuer are permitted to agree to the 
substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor in respect of the Notes of any other 
wholly-owned Subsidiary of CGD, subject to the fulfilment of 
certain conditions, as more fully set out in Condition 11(c) and 
the Trust Deed. 
Status of the Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes.  
Ordinary Senior Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4), 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and with any 
other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and senior to all Senior

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Non Preferred Liabilities and all present and future subordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
with any other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities, junior to any 
present or future claims of depositors of the relevant Issuer and 
any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and senior to all present 
and future subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes issued by CGD or CGDFB and the 
relative Coupons (if any) will constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, the Subordinated Notes issued by 
CGD or CGDFB and the relative Coupons (if any) will, in the 
event of the bankruptcy or the winding-up of CGD or CGDFB, 
as the case may be, (to the extent permitted by the applicable 
law) be subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided 
in the Trust Deed or, in the case of Book Entry Notes, the 
Instrument. 
Substitution and Variation 
Where “Capital Disqualification Event – Substitution and 
Variation” or “MREL Disqualification Event – Substitution and 
Variation”, as the case may be, is specified as “Applicable” in 
the relevant Final Terms and the relevant Issuer has satisfied the 
Trustee that a Capital Disqualification Event or, as the case may 
be, an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing, or that such substitution or variation is necessary to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of the statutory loss 
absorption powers set out in Condition 18(e), the relevant Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k), either substitute 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 6(j)). 
Negative Pledge 
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Negative Pledge” is expressly specified to be “Not 
Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default 
Applicable to Ordinary Senior Notes only and only to the extent 
“Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of Default” Condition 10(a) is 
expressly specified to be “Applicable” in the relevant Final 
Terms. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default”. 
Limited Rights of Acceleration 
The Trustee’s rights to accelerate Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where “Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Events of Default” Condition 10(a) is expressly 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms are 
limited to insolvency or winding-up type events only. See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of France (in the 
case of Notes issued by CGDFB) and Portugal (in the case of 
CGD or CGDFB) as the case may be, subject to customary 
exceptions, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation” and “Taxation – Portugal”. At present, 
payments of interest and other revenues to be made by CGD

--- Page 17 ---
17 
directly to non-resident entities of Portugal would be subject to 
Portuguese withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (in case of 
legal persons), of 28 per cent. (in case of individuals) or of 35 
per cent. (in case of payments to (i) omnibus accounts without 
the disclosure of the effective beneficiary or to (ii) legal persons 
or individuals domiciled in blacklisted jurisdictions as defined in 
Ministerial Order 150/2004 of 13 February as amended from 
time to time ), as the case may be, or, if applicable, to reduced 
withholding tax rates between 5 and 15 per cent., pursuant to the 
general rules and to tax treaties signed by Portugal, except in the 
case of Book Entry Notes assuming certain procedures and 
certification requirements are complied with. All payments of 
interest and other investment income arising from Notes (in the 
case of Notes issued by CGD) made to individuals resident for 
tax purposes in Portugal will be subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 28 per cent. or 35 per cent., whenever the investment 
income is paid or made available to accounts opened in the name 
of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of one or more 
unidentified third party unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) 
of the income is/ are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. In this case, the 
Portuguese resident individual, unless if deriving such income in 
the capacity of an entrepreneur with organised accounts, may 
choose to declare such income in his or her tax return, together 
with the remaining items of income derived. If such election is 
made, the said income will be subject to personal income tax 
according to the relevant tax brackets, up to 48 per cent. In the 
latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the 
part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 
per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up 
to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of 
the taxable income exceeding €250,000. 
All payments of interest and other investment income arising 
from Notes (in the case of Notes issued by CGD) paid to legal 
persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and to non-resident 
legal persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to 
which the income is attributable are subject to withholding tax at 
a rate of 25 per cent. (with the exception of entities that benefit 
from a waiver of Portuguese withholding tax or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions), or 35 per cent., whenever the 
investment income is paid or made available to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final 
withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial 
owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the 
tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. (See 
“Taxation – Portugal”). 
Governing Law 
English law, save that Condition 3 and Condition 18(e) and 
Clause 3 (with the exception of Clause 3.4) of the Trust Deed and 
Clause 5 of the Instrument will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese law and save that, with respect to 
Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal), and 
transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and 
the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Portuguese law.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the 
Market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II) and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be 
unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Portugal, the 
Netherlands, Japan and Singapore. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) Bearer Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Transfer Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Notes sold pursuant to 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” and “Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following factors may significantly affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and the Issuers are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
Factors which the Issuers believe may be material for the purposes of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the ability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with the Notes may be jeopardised by other causes which the Issuers may not consider 
significant risks based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able 
to anticipate and the Issuers do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes 
are exhaustive. Emerging risks and uncertainties, including risks that are not known to the Issuers at present 
or that the Issuers currently deem immaterial, may also arise or become material in the future, which could 
lead to a decline in the value of the Notes and a loss of part or all of the investment made by any Noteholder. 
Consequently, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuers view as material, 
specific and relevant for an investor to make an informed decision and are supported by the content of this 
Prospectus, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones that may be faced.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus or 
incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Risk Factors are specific to the CGD Group, as a whole, of which the Issuers are a part. The Issuers 
believe that there are no risk factors specific to an individual Issuer. The risk factors have been organised into 
the following categories: 
1.
Risk Factors Relating to the CGD Group’s Business 
1.1 
Economic activity in Portugal may impact the business and performance of CGD 
1.2 
Risks relating to the Legal and Regulatory Framework 
1.3 
Risks relating to CGD’s business 
2.
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
2.2 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes 
2.3 
Risks relating to the market generally 
2.4 
Risks relating to Green Notes 
Within each category or subcategory, the most material risks, according to the Issuers’ assessment, are 
presented first. The assessment of materiality of the risk factors has been made by the Issuers as of the date of 
this Prospectus on the basis of the probability of the occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact. The order of the categories or subcategories does not imply that any category or subcategory of risk is 
more material than any other category or subcategory. 
1
Risk Factors Relating to the CGD Group’s Business 
1.1
Economic activity in Portugal may impact the business and performance of CGD 
Global health crisis may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to make payments 
The expansionary cycle that has lasted for more than a decade was brought to a halt in 2020 by the 
epidemiological crisis and consequent pandemic triggered by the Sars Cov-2 (Covid-19) virus, resulting in a 
substantially higher level of contraction of the world economy than in the 2008/2009 crisis. 
The severe restrictive measures put in place by several governments in an attempt to contain the rapid spread 
of the viral outbreak, including lockdowns which affected a large part of the population for several weeks, have

--- Page 20 ---
20 
had a highly significant, across-the-board impact on economic activity, with the shutdown of value chains and 
drop in economic activity that, in several sectors such as travel or tourism, came close to 100%. 
The main risk in 2021 and 2022 lies in a resurgence of the pandemic. The emergence of more resistant variants 
of the virus to vaccines is one of the potential obstacles to a resumption of economic normality, accompanied 
by the operational risks related to the production, distribution and inoculation of the vaccine and the reluctance 
of sectors of the population as regards their efficacy. Differences in access of populations to vaccines can trigger 
false starts regarding the reopening of economies and require extensions to the period of social distancing, 
increasing uncertainties faced by households, companies and politicians. 
The CGD Group can expect higher operating costs, lower commission earnings, an additional compression of 
net interest income, credit losses and growing compliance and corporate governance challenges. In parallel, the 
low interest rate environment over the last few years together with liquidity shortages, will drive disinvestment 
in asset classes considered to be at risk of being overvalued and eventually have a negative impact on investment 
portfolios. On the credit portfolio side, there will be growing concern over leisure and tourism sector borrowers 
and possibly smaller businesses or those that are unable to operate remotely. These factors combined may have 
a significant adverse effect on the CGD Group, its business and financial performance and consequently the 
Issuers’ ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Risks of a recession of the Portuguese economy that may adversely affect the business and performance of 
the Issuers 
The Portuguese economy contracted sharply in 2020 as a consequence of the negative effects deriving from the 
Covid-19 pandemic, resulting from lockdowns and the nationwide implementation of restrictive measures and 
lower external demand which particularly impacted tourism. 
According to National Statistics Institute (INE) data, the 7.6% contraction of the Portuguese economy, in real 
terms, was a more negative result than that of the euro area. Private consumption as the principal demand 
component contracted 5.9% in 2020, whereas gross fixed capital formation (GFCF) fell by 2.2%, although less 
than in previous recessionary periods owing to the positive contribution made by the construction sector. The 
negative effects were asymmetrical across the various sectors of activity but were more marked in the case of 
services and those areas most reliant on personal contact (commerce, hotels and restaurants). Exports ended the 
year with a reduction of 18.6% (down 34% for the component related to services). 
The progress of the pandemic will continue to constrain economic development in Portugal in 2021, as well as 
the development of its main international partners. Uncertainty over the short term economic environment grew 
in the last quarter of 2020 with the resurgence of Covid-19 cases in Europe. The medium term performance of 
the Portuguese economy will mainly be reliant upon the degree of normalisation of activity allowed by the 
vaccination process.  
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of the 
Issuers 
Risks related to the financial market conditions 
One of the main risks in 2021 is the possible imposition of more restrictive financial conditions. This risk has 
become more acute as a result of the pandemic as the demand for financing increased dramatically.  Any 
reassessment of market fundamentals in response to, for example, adverse developments related to Covid-19, 
too early a withdrawal of economic policy support, an increase in sovereign yields or a reassessment of inflation 
risks may trigger a price review of financial assets and cause drastic decreases, resulting in major non-bank 
financial institutions suffering significant volatility and losses. Tighter financial conditions would undermine 
the outlook for overall growth at a time of growing constraints on monetary policy.  
The risk of a reassessment of financial conditions is also related to the fact that economic recovery has not, as 
yet, been strong enough to drive the recovery of financial markets since March 2020 and is an additional source 
of risk in the event of heightened financial uncertainty. Commercial tensions between the United States and 
China remain high on several fronts, including international trade, intellectual property and cybersecurity. 
Existing internal economic disparities which have increased with the pandemic may also lead to new trade 
barriers being erected, driven by the need to protect domestic employment. The risks of technology-related 
protectionist trends are also emerging and may extend to medical supplies and pharmaceutical products and 
affect the global supply of vaccines.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
The possibility of aggravation or persistence of adverse financing conditions could further weigh on economic 
conditions, hindering the evolution of banking business and, consequently, its profitability. 
Risks related to Brexit 
The United Kingdom (UK) formally left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020. However, prior to exit 
day and pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of the withdrawal agreement between the UK and the EU (the 
“Withdrawal Agreement”), the UK entered an implementation period (“IP”) focused on negotiating the terms 
of its future relationship with the EU. During this period, which ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm (“IP 
completion day”), EU law generally continued to apply in the UK. Following negotiations, on 24 December 
2020, the UK and EU concluded a free trade agreement known as the ‘EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement’ (the “TCA”), to govern the future relations between the EU and the UK following the end of the 
transition period. The TCA was signed on 30 December 2020. The TCA has provisional application until the 
EU and UK complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council ratified the TCA. The 
TCA does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services 
from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. Following IP Completion Day, the Treaty on the 
European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
EUWA and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK.  
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the TCA by the EU and the 
UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard 
to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. Specially, the Portuguese economy could be 
adversely affected given the importance of the United Kingdom as an export market and as a source of tourism. 
Also, there is a risk of one or more EU Member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their 
membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency, 
to adopt an alternative currency. A materialisation of these risks could have a significant negative impact on 
global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. This could include further 
volatility in equity markets and in the value of pounds sterling and/or the Euro, a reduction in global market 
liquidity with a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating results and capital and the market value of 
the Notes. Furthermore, if an EU Member State that adopted the Euro as its national currency decides to exit 
the Eurozone and adopt an alternative currency, there is uncertainty regarding how an EU Member State would 
carry out such exit and subsequently manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euro and the 
exchange rate between the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the 
deterioration of the EU’s economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire 
financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and 
considerable changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. 
Given the current uncertainties and range of possible outcomes, no assurances can be given as to the impact of 
any of the issues described above and no assurances can be given that such issues will not adversely affect the 
rights of the Noteholders, the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of CGD to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Monetary policy risks 
In view of the magnitude of the negative impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, central banks have injected 
unprecedented monetary stimuli, both in terms of scale and speed of implementation. This action was designed 
to protect jobs and ensure the maintenance of financial conditions conducive to the transmission of monetary 
policy and, accordingly, lending to households and companies while also endeavouring to provide the 
immediate liquidity needed. The responses were consistent with the central banks’ historical role in providing 
emergency assistance to financial institutions while also, in the case of financial markets, providing essential 
liquidity during periods of increased volatility and financial stress. At the same time, they also implemented 
economic support instruments, reducing interest rates and backing the flow of credit to borrowers. 
The European Central Bank (“ECB”) first created the PEPP (pandemic emergency purchase programme) with 
an initial allocation of €750 billion, which was increased by €600 billion and then by €500 billion to its current 
total of €1,850 billion, further reinforcing the previously established asset purchasing programme or APP 
(sovereign and corporate debt securities). In addition to the amount, the eligibility of securities was also higher 
than normal.  
The ECB further improved bank funding through its targeted longer term refinancing operations (“TLTRO” or 
“TLTRO-III”) with longer maturities and an interest rate of up to 50 bps lower than the interest rate on the 
standing deposit facility, i.e. a negative 1%.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
The Issuers cannot predict how monetary policy measures of the ECB will evolve in the future and, 
consequently, any such measures could have either a positive or detrimental impact on the Issuers’ activity and 
business. 
Portugal may be subject to further rating reviews by the rating agencies, with implications on the funding of 
the economy and on CGD’s activity 
The rating agencies S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS have, on more than one occasion in the recent past, 
downgraded the long-term rating of Portugal, although in more recent years this trend has been reversed, with 
all the rating agencies revising the rating upwards. The rating downgrades were largely due to the uncertainties 
and risks arising from the budgetary consolidation process before and during the adjustment programme, which 
was implemented as part of the financial assistance support programme adopted by Portugal in 2011; the low 
competitiveness of the Portuguese economy abroad; external funding difficulties; and the sustainability of 
public debt dynamics. Due to the close link between the activities of Portuguese banks and the risk perceived 
in respect of Portugal, downgrades of the Portuguese sovereign rating typically trigger downgrades of the 
ratings of Portuguese banks. The current long term ratings of the Portuguese Republic are as follows: Moody’s: 
(Baa3) on 12 October 2018 Moody’s rating changed from ‘Ba1 to Baa3 and that rating was maintained at the 
last evaluation on 9 August 2019, with a positive outlook; Fitch: (BBB) on 15 December 2017 Fitch’s rating 
changed from BB+ to BBB and that rating was maintained at the last evaluation on 14 May 2021, with a stable 
outlook; DBRS: (BBBH) on 4 October 2019 DBRS’s rating changed from BBB to BBBH and that rating was 
maintained at the last evaluation on 26 February 2021, with a stable outlook; and S&P: (BBB) on 15 March 
2019 S&P’s rating changed from BBB- to BBB and that rating was maintained at the last evaluation on 11 
September 2020, with a stable outlook. 
There might be downgrades of the long-term rating assigned to Portugal in the future. This may happen if, for 
example, there is a deterioration in the public finance situation arising from weaker economic performance, 
resulting from the disruption caused by the Covid-19 outbreak or the austerity measures adopted internally or 
induced by contagion as a consequence of the slowdown in the economic activity of Portugal’s main trading 
partners, particularly Spain. A downgrade may also happen if the market perceives these measures as 
insufficient, or as a result of the lack of success of structural reforms, the simplification of the State 
administration and streamlining of the Portuguese justice system. Under these circumstances, Portugal’s 
perceived credit risk will increase, with resulting negative effects on the credit risk of Portuguese banks 
(including CGD) and, consequently, on their profit levels. The effect of Portugal’s rating downgrades on the 
funding of Portuguese banks has been less stringent since the ECB relaxed the rules for the eligibility of assets 
to be used as collateral for discount operations. However, any reduction in Portugal’s rating would mean 
increased haircuts and a reduction in the value of the pool of assets eligible for discount operations with the 
ECB, in particular with respect to securitisations and covered bonds. 
A downgrade of Portugal’s rating could also impact the sovereign debt portfolio held by CGD and could have 
a potential detrimental effect on the finances of enterprises who borrow from CGD. Furthermore, the Portuguese 
State is CGD’s sole shareholder. Accordingly, any downgrade of Portugal’s ratings could have an impact on 
CGD and adversely affect its business and financial performance. 
1.2
Risks relating to the Legal and Regulatory Framework 
The CGD Group is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, that may have an adverse 
impact on its profitability 
The CGD Group operates in a highly regulated industry. The CGD Group’s banking activities are subject to 
extensive regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, the Bank of Portugal, the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”), ESMA and the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (“CMVM”, Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in which the CGD 
Group conducts its activities. These regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, 
ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) issuance 
and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices. 
These regulations include rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and 
terrorism financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules 
entails significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including 
adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the CGD Group believes that its current anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure 
compliance with applicable legislation, the CGD Group cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with

--- Page 23 ---
23 
all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as 
extended to the whole CGD Group, will be applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may lead to 
material adverse effects on the CGD Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in the 
financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to continue. 
Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and more stringent 
capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well as more 
demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions on certain types of 
activity or transactions. 
These measures may adversely affect the profitability of the GCG Group’s business and financial performance 
and consequently the Issuers’ ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. Additionally, a failure to comply 
with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers as it could result in 
reputational damage and the imposition of administrative fines and sanctions, as well as loss of authorisation to 
carry out the business. 
The CGD Group is subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, 
which may change 
The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the European 
Council and the European Parliament (together, the “European Authorities”), by the Bank of Portugal and by 
the ECB has had, and could continue to have, a significant impact on the CGD Group’s capital structure and 
financial position. In 2013, the European Authorities approved a new legislative package to strengthen the 
regulation of the banking sector and to implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, replacing 
the former Capital Requirements Directives (2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC). This legislative package was 
comprised of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 establishing 
new and detailed prudential requirements to be observed by institutions (the “CRR”) and Directive 2013/36/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions 
and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the “CRD IV”) and has subsequently been amended as 
further set out below. 
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions 
regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These measures 
may have a significant impact on CGD’s capital and on its respective assets and liabilities management. The 
CRD IV was implemented in Portugal by Decree Law No. 157/2014, of 24 October 2014, which amended the 
Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted 
by Decree Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended). This was accompanied by the entry into force 
of the Bank of Portugal’s Notice No. 6/2013, of 23 December, which established how the transitional provisions 
of the CRD IV would apply to minimum capital requirements and the respective calculation. 
Notice No. 6/2013 has since been revoked and replaced by Notice No. 10/2017, issued by the Bank of Portugal, 
which entered into force in 1 January 2018. This Notice regulates the exercise of a range of options available 
within the prudential framework established by the CRR and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 
of 10 October 2014 following the publication of Guideline (EU) 2017/697 (ECB / 2017/9) of 4 April 2017 and 
Recommendation ECB / 2017/10 of 4 April 2017, both of the ECB. 
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum Common 
Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a minimum total capital 
ratio of 8 per cent., in each case of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”). 
The CRD IV/CRR include general rules and requirements on supervisory powers, wages, governance and 
disclosure, as well as introducing the following additional CET1 capital buffers: 

A capital conservation buffer for unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of up to 2.5 per 
cent. of total RWAs;

An institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer (consisting of the weighted average of the 
counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where the relevant credit 
exposures of the institution are located), which may require as much as an additional CET1 of up 
to 2.5 per cent. of total RWAs, but this buffer may be higher pursuant to the requirements 
established by the competent authorities in different jurisdictions;

--- Page 24 ---
24 

A systemic institutions risk buffer for institutions with global systemic importance (“G-SIIs”) of 
between 1 and 3.5 per cent. of RWAs;

A systemic institutions risk buffer for other systemically important institutions (“O-SIIs”) of up 
to 2 per cent. of RWAs; and

A CET1 systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks of at least 1 per cent. 
of RWAs (to be set by the competent authority). 
As regards Portuguese banks, the Bank of Portugal set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of 
the total RWAs. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit 
institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or the ECB 
(the “Single Supervisory Mechanism”), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the 
countercyclical buffer was on 31 March 2021 to confirm the 0 per cent. rate of the total risk exposure amount, 
with effect from 1 April 2021. The Bank of Portugal reviews this decision on a quarterly basis. 
The Bank of Portugal, after having duly notified the ECB under Article 5 of Council Regulation (EU) 
1024/2013, of 15 October 2013 (which did not object to the Bank of Portugal’s decision), and after having also 
consulted with the National Council of Financial Supervisors under Article 2(3)(c) of Decree Law No. 143/2013 
of 18 October 2013, decided to impose capital buffers on credit institutions identified as O-SIIs. For that 
purpose, on 30 November 2018 the Bank of Portugal published a table with the names of the banking groups 
identified as O-SIIs and the respective capital buffers, as a percentage of the total RWAs. These buffers shall 
consist of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis and increases in such buffer shall be implemented in phases. In 
the case of CGD, the applicable buffer was 0.25 per cent. (from 1 January 2018), 0.50 per cent. (from 1 January 
2019) and is currently 0.75 per cent. (since 1 January 2020 until 31 December 2021). It will be 1.00 per cent. 
from January 2022 onwards, unless any further amendments are introduced by the Bank of Portugal, with such 
increase having been delayed as part of the efforts to mitigate the negative effects of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Simultaneously, the Bank of Portugal also published a more detailed document on the methodology for the 
identification and calibration of the O-SIIs buffer. 
Furthermore, with a view to incorporating flexibility to accounting and prudential rules, the European 
Commission proposed certain targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to 
maximise banks’ ability to lend and absorb losses related to Covid-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 2020/873 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June entered into force setting out exceptional temporary 
measures to alleviate the immediate negative impact of Covid-19 related developments by: (a) adapting the 
timeline of application of international accounting standards to banks' capital; (b) treating more favourably 
public guarantees granted during this crisis; (c) postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer;
(d) setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central 
government debt markets during the Covid-19 pandemic on institutions; (e) modifying the exclusion of certain 
exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; (f) advancing the date of application of several agreed 
measures that encourage banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects; and (g) aligning the 
minimum coverage requirements for non-performing loans that benefit from public guarantees with those 
benefitting from guarantees granted by official export credit agencies. 
Based on Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) results, the ECB defined the minimum 
capital requirements (further detailed) starting 1 January 2020 on CGD's consolidated activity whereas the Bank 
of Portugal defined the amount of the additional own funds reserve required by its O-SII (“Other Systemically 
Important Institution”) status. 
In a letter issued on 4 December 2019, the minimum (phased-in) CET1 required of CGD on a 
consolidated basis is 10 per cent. This includes (i) the minimum CET 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. required 
under Pillar 1; (ii) the minimum CET 1 capital ratio of 2.25 per cent. required under Pillar 2 (P2R); (iii) the 
capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.50 per cent.; (iv) the 0.75 per cent. reserve for “Other systemically 
important institutions”; and (v) the counter-cycle own funds reserve of 0 per cent. 
However, as part of a set of initiatives to mitigate the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, the ECB 
informed CGD on 8 April 2020 of the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) amendment, dated 4 
December 2019, maintaining the requirement for a total SREP capital requirement (TSCR) of 10.25 per cent. 
(of which 8 per cent. for Pillar 1 and 2.25 per cent. for Pillar 2 - P2R), in which the value of the P2R set for 
CGD, originally to consist exclusively of instruments classified as CET 1, would be changed to be 56.25 per 
cent. covered by CET 1 instruments, 18.75 per cent. by AT 1 instruments and 25 per cent. by Tier 2 instruments, 
to be implemented from and including March 2020.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
CGD has a minimum phased-in CET1 requirement of 9.02 per cent., on a consolidated basis. It includes: 
(i) a minimum CET1 of 4.5 per cent. required by Pillar 1 (ii) a minimum CET1 of 1.27 per cent. required by 
Pillar 2 (P2R); (iii) a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.50 per cent.; (iv) the 0.75 per cent. reserve for 
“Other systemically important institutions” and (v) the own funds countercycle buffer of 0 per cent. (as defined 
by the Bank of Portugal for fourth quarter 2020). 
CGD must also comply with a minimum Tier 1 of 10.94 per cent. and total capital requirements of 13.50 
per cent. in 2020. 
In its last SREP Decision, the supervisor left the minimum requirements for CGD Group unchanged, 
therefore, the requirements for minimum ratios in 2021 remain at the same levels as in 2020. 
The fully implemented CET1 ratio on 30 June 2021 stood at 18.9 per cent. The fully loaded Tier 1 and 
total ratios stood at 20.40 per cent. and 21.5 per cent., respectively. CGD and the CGD Group may be subject 
to future regulatory changes related to capital requirements. 
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the CGD Group 
may limit its ability to advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or 
subordinated debt in the future, which are expensive sources of funding. The CRD IV/CRR requirements 
adopted in Portugal are expected to change over the next two years as a result of changes to the CRD IV/CRR 
agreed by EU legislators. On 23 November 2016, the EU Commission proposed substantial changes to the CRD 
IV, the CRR, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
framework (the “November 2016 Proposals”). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted into law on 20 
May 2019, entering into force on 27 June 2019. The changes to the CRD IV, CRR and BRRD are known 
collectively as “CRD V”, “CRR II” and “BRRD II”. 
CRD V, CRR II and BRRD II introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, 
the implementation of the NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of 
trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration 
and the EU’s recovery and resolution framework. Most of the provisions of CRD V are required to be transposed 
into national law by 28 December 2020, with application immediately thereafter. CRR II will apply from 28 
June 2021 (subject to certain earlier applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the transitional 
arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments). The BRRD II should 
also be transposed into domestic laws by 28 December 2020. Certain of the BRRD II’s requirements relate to 
the implementation of the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The 
TLAC standard requires global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities 
(as a percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses. In 
addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation 
on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
(“DGSD II”). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section 
covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' 
experience with the current Covid-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, 
notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) 
depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled during the 
fourth quarter of 2021. Nevertheless, the European Commission launched a general public consultation on 25 
February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021.  
CGD’s continued implementation of these measures may also have a significant impact on its capital 
and on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of 
transactions in which CGD participates. Any of these events may have an adverse impact on the CGD Group’s 
business and performance. 
New Requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and 
medium/long-term liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”). The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs 
under a severe stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of the 
European Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to maintain,

--- Page 26 ---
26 
in their own portfolio, high quality liquidity assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash outflows in 
the following 30 days. 
As at the end of December 2020, CGD’s LCR of 449 per cent. (compared with 331.1 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019) was highly favourable and in excess of both regulatory requirements and the average of European Union 
banks, and its NSFR for the same date was 173 per cent. (compared with 156 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced that institutions would be allowed to substantially and temporarily use 
their liquidity buffers, including LCR, as part of a package of measures to mitigate the negative effects of the 
Covid-19 pandemic on the real economy. 
The fulfilment of these ratios by CGD may lead to the constitution of portfolios with high liquidity assets, but 
low profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in financing costs, since the ratios increase favours 
long-term over short-term financing. Such changes may have a negative impact on CGD’s results. 
Regulatory changes regarding banking commissions 
Law No. 7/2020 of 10 April 2020, as amended, establishes exceptional and temporary measures in the context 
of the Covid-19 pandemic including the suspension, under certain circumstances, of the commission charged 
on payments made through digital platforms. 
Commission has been an important source of income in the current negative interest environment. This 
legislation, along with any similar or further limits placed on commissions chargeable by banks operating in 
Portugal now or in the future, may have an adverse effect on the CGD Group’s business and profitability. 
Temporary Legal Moratorium may impact CGD Group’s business 
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law 10-J/2020 of 26 March, as amended, 
establishing a temporary legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting the 
liquidity of companies and families (the “Temporary Legal Moratorium”). This regime entered into force on 
27 March 2020 and was initially in effect until 30 September 2020. Its period of application was since subject 
to several extensions, and, following the approval of Decree-Law 107/2020, of 31 December 2020, interested 
entities could request access to the moratorium until 31 March 2021 for a maximum period of 9 months from 
the date of the notice of adherence.  
In line with the above, the Portuguese Parliament has, on 18 June 2021, approved Decree-Law 50/2021, of 30 
July, on the extension of the moratorium for mortgage loans, consumer credit and for beneficiaries operating in 
sectors which were particularly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. As a result of Decree-Law No. 78-A/2020 
of 29 September, cases where beneficiaries were already covered by the moratorium from 1 October 2020 will 
be covered beyond the 30 September 2021 deadline until 31 December 2021.  However, according to the 
Decree-Law 50/2021, of 30 July, the execution of this framework, shall be subject to the re-activation of the 
regulatory and supervisory framework established by the EBA guidelines of 2 April 2020 on payment moratoria, 
EBA/GL/2020/02. The Portuguese Government will be responsible for implementing any measures required to 
adapt the national legislative framework to further EBA guidelines and their prudential treatment of the 
moratoria. 
The exceptional circumstances and extensive effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, together with the measures 
taken from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by CGD on its own initiative to address the 
situation, notably those relating to moratoria on loans granted to individuals and companies which permit 
borrowers to postpone regular payments for certain periods, to the extent applicable, may affect CGD´s Group 
business, financial condition, net income, capital, RWA and prospects namely after the end of moratorium when 
firms need to revert to usual payment of instalments. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets could have a material effect on the CGD Group 
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) be deducted from CET1 capital. 
However, Article 39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTAs when certain requirements are met, foreseeing 
that such DTAs are not deducted from CET1 capital. 
In this regard, some of the EU Member States enacted amendments to national tax law that allow for the 
conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs 
from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
The Portuguese Government approved Law No. 61/2014 of 26 August 2014, as amended from time to time (the 
“Law 61/2014”), which implements a similar regime, allowing Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTAs 
arising from loan impairment losses and from post-employment and long-term employment benefits into tax 
credits. 
The tax credits obtained with the conversion of DTAs may be offset against any State taxes on income and on 
assets payable by the taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same group for 
purposes of prudential consolidation under the CRR. 
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish 
that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting and 
tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with respect 
to the previous fiscal years. 
As at the end of December 2020, it was recognised that an amount of EUR 420.5 million of DTAs will be 
converted into tax credits. 
If any DTAs are not recovered due to any further amendment to the DTAs conversion regime, they will have to 
be derecognised, which will result in a loss in the same magnitude of the non-recoverable amount, therefore 
with a negative impact on the profitability of CGD and the CGD Group. 
Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities could have a material effect on the CGD Group 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet MREL 
requirements. In February 2021, CGD was notified by Bank of Portugal of its MREL requirements as decided 
by the Single Resolution Board, under the following terms: 
From 1 January 2024, the requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to: 
-
22.08 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent., 
corresponding to a total requirement of 25.58 per cent.;
-
6.00 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
From 1 January 2022, under the intermediate requirement, the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
will be equivalent to: 
-
19.63 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent. 
corresponding to a total requirement of 23.13 per cent.;
-
6.00 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
The requirements apply to the sub-consolidated basis for the determined resolution perimeter (the European 
perimeter and Banco Nacional Ultramarino in Macau). The preferred resolution strategy is the “multiple point 
of entry” approach. On this date, a minimum subordination requirement was not applied to CGD. 
In assessing the MREL requirement, CGD considers that it is in line with its expectations and consistent with 
its financing plan that provides for the issuance of up to €2.0 billion of eligible liabilities by the end of 2023, in 
addition to the 2019 issue of senior non-preferred in the amount of €500 million. 
As a consequence of the implementation of such requirements or any new requirements of a similar nature, the 
CGD Group may be limited in its choice of issuing certain own funds and eligible liability instruments and 
therefore be either unable to meet its capital requirements/MREL or is required to meet its capital 
requirements/MREL through more costly instruments. 
These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and 
operational results or prospects of the CGD Group. 
The potential impact of recovery, resolution measures, Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure and public 
support measures on CGD Group’s activity cannot be anticipated 
Decree Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February 2012, introduced the legal framework for the adoption of resolution 
measures into the RGICSF. Such framework was further amended by Decree Law No. 114-A/2014 of 1 August 
2014, Decree Law No. 114-B/2014 of 4 August 2014 and by Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which 
transposed the BRRD into the Portuguese framework.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
The provisions set out in the RGICSF aim at harmonising the resolution procedures of, among other institutions, 
credit institutions of the EU Member States and at providing the authorities of such EU Member States with 
tools to prevent a failure or, when a failure occurs, to mitigate its adverse effects by maintaining the systemically 
key functions of those same institutions. 
The RGICSF provides for three stages of intervention by the resolution authority: 

Preparation and planning: preparation for the adoption of recovery and resolution measures, including: 
(i) the drawing up and submission by credit institutions of a recovery plan to the competent authority for 
evaluation, which shall outline the measures to be implemented to restore their financial position 
following a significant deterioration of their financial position; and (ii) drawing up of a resolution plan 
for each credit institution or group. 

Early intervention: if a credit institution breaches or is likely to breach the legal and regulatory 
requirements applicable to its activity, the resolution authority has the power to inter alia: (i) limit or 
modify exposure to risk; (ii) require additional information; (iii) set restrictions or prohibitions on certain 
activities and changes to group structures; (iv) restrict or prohibit the distribution of dividends to 
shareholders or the payment of interest to holders of additional tier 1 instruments; (v) replace managers 
or directors; and (vi) require credit institutions to transfer assets that constitute an excessive or 
undesirable risk to the soundness of the institution. 

Resolution measures: resolution measures may consist of the following, which may be implemented 
individually or in combination: 
(i)
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by virtue of a decision of the resolution authority, 
of shares or other instruments of ownership or of some or all of the rights and obligations, 
corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the 
institution under resolution, without the consent of the shareholders of the institution under 
resolution or that of any third party other than the acquirer;
(ii)
Bridge institution tool: establishment by the resolution authority of a bridge institution, to which 
shares or other instruments of ownership or some or all of the rights and obligations, 
corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the 
institution under resolution are transferred without the consent of the shareholders of the 
institution under resolution or that of any third party;
(iii)
Asset separation tool: transfer, by virtue of a decision of the resolution authority, of rights and 
obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset 
management vehicles, without the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under resolution 
or that of any third party other than the bridge institution. The asset management vehicles are 
legal persons owned in full or in part by the relevant resolution fund. This measure cannot be 
used individually but only in conjunction with another resolution measure; and
(iv)
Bail-in tool: write down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law, with the exception, for instance, 
of covered deposits and secured obligations. In exceptional circumstances, when the bail-in tool 
is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from 
the application of the write down or conversion powers. This exception shall apply when it is 
strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements provided by 
law. 
In accordance with the RGICSF (as amended, including for transposing the BRRD into Portuguese law), 
resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers that the relevant 
institution meets the following conditions (“Resolution Conditions”): (a) such institutions are failing or likely 
to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that such failure will be avoided within a reasonable timeframe 
through the adoption of any measures by the relevant institutions, the application of early intervention measures 
or through the write down or conversion of relevant capital instruments, (c) a resolution action pursues any of 
the public interests listed below (and (d) which, in accordance with the RGICSF, would not be pursued more 
effectively by the commencement of winding-up proceedings against the relevant institution). In accordance 
with the RGICSF, such public interests mentioned under (c) above include the following:

--- Page 29 ---
29 

ensures the continuity of essential financial services for the economy;

prevents serious consequences to financial stability, including by preventing contagion between 
entities, including market infrastructures, and maintaining market discipline;

protects the interests of taxpayers and the public treasury by minimising the extraordinary use of 
public funds;

protects the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services; 
and 

safeguards the confidence of depositors and investors protected by any applicable depositors and 
investors compensation schemes. 
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail when 
either: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements for maintaining its licence; (b) its 
assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public financial support, except when, 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the Portuguese economy and preserve financial stability, the 
extraordinary public financial support takes the form of: (i) a State guarantee to back facility agreements, 
including liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions and newly 
issued liabilities; or (ii) a public investment capitalisation transaction, subject to, at the time such public 
investment is carried out, none of the Resolution Conditions, nor the conditions for the power to write down or 
convert capital being met by the relevant institution. 
Upon the entry into force of Regulation (EU) 806/2014, of 15 July 2014 (the “SRM Regulation”), on 1 January 
2016, the Bank of Portugal’s powers as resolution authority in relation to CGD were transferred to the Single 
Resolution Board. 
The implementation of resolution measures is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution’s 
shareholders, or that of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets 
under management to be sold or transferred. Resolution measures may be applied to any Notes including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Green Notes.  
Finally, pursuant to the RGICSF, prior to the application of a resolution measure, the resolution authority shall 
engage an independent entity for the purposes of carrying out a valuation of an institution’s assets, liabilities 
and off-balance sheet items. In the application of any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure 
that an institution’s first losses are borne by the respective shareholders, followed by the creditors (save for 
depositors covered by a deposit guarantee scheme) of an institution, in an equitable manner and in accordance 
with the order of priority of the various classes of creditors under normal insolvency proceedings. 
As regards the bail-in resolution tool, it may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions and gives such 
resolution authority the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or 
to convert certain unsecured debt claims into equity or other instruments of ownership, which could also be 
subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. In addition to the resolution tools described above, 
the RGICSF provides for the resolution authorities having the further power to permanently write down, or 
convert into equity (common equity tier 1 instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such institution’s group 
and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure”). Any 
shares issued upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the bail-in tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure, the point of non-viability 
under the RGICSF is the point at which any of the following conditions (the “Non-viability Loss Absorption 
Tool Conditions”) is met: 

the resolution authority determines that an institution, or such institution’s group, meets any of 
the Resolution Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet;

the resolution authority determines that an institution, or such institution’s group, will no longer 
be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written-down or 
converted; or

--- Page 30 ---
30 

extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer 
be viable. 
The powers of the resolution authority set out in the RGICSF following the implementation of the BRRD have 
an impact on how institutions are managed and, in certain circumstances, on the rights of their creditors. 
Creditors of an institution may also be affected by the provision of public support by the Portuguese State under 
the Public Capitalisation Act. Noteholders may be subject to write down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the general bail-in tool or a Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure, which may result in the 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any resolution power under the RGICSF, 
any write down on conversion into equity preceding a potential recapitalisation of CGD under the Public 
Capitalisation Act and/or any suggestion of such exercise or such write down or conversion in connection with 
a recapitalisation could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of any Noteholders, the price or value 
of their investment in the Notes and/or the CGD’s ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. 
The impact on the Group of the recent resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of the Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set up 
for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-law 31-A/2012, of 10 February 
2012 (the “Resolution Fund”), funded by payments of contributions due by the institutions participating in the 
Resolution Fund and contributions from the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of EUR 
4.9 billion. Of this amount, EUR 300 million corresponded to the Resolution Fund’s own financial resources, 
EUR 3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted by the Portuguese State (the “2014 Portuguese State Loan”) and 
EUR 700 million resulted from a loan granted by a group of credit institutions that are members of the 
Resolution Fund including CGD (the “Participants’ Loan”). CGD’s share of the Participants’ Loan was and 
remains at EUR 174.0 million. 
CGD’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to CGD’s liabilities and 
own funds, when compared to the other participating institutions. Contributions to the Resolution Fund are 
adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the solvency position of each participating 
institution. Given the relative size and composition of its balance sheet, CGD estimates that its current 
participation in the Resolution Fund should range between 20 per cent. and 25 per cent. of the Resolution Fund. 
However, this number varies over time and it is very difficult to determine CGD’s exact participation at any 
given point in time. If only CGD’s share of EUR 174.0 million of the EUR 700 million loan granted by the 
credit institutions to the Resolution Fund to capitalise Novo Banco is considered, CGD’s participation would 
be in the region of 24.9 per cent. 
In January 2013, Banif was recapitalised by the Portuguese State in the amount of EUR 1,100 million (EUR 
700 million in the form of special shares and EUR 400 million in the form of hybrid instruments). This 
recapitalisation plan also included a capital increase by private investors in the amount of EUR 450 million, 
which was concluded in June 2014. Since then, Banif has reimbursed the Portuguese State for EUR 275 million 
in hybrid instruments, but was not able to reimburse a EUR 125 million tranche in December 2014. 
The recapitalisation plan assumed that Banif would enter a restructuring plan that was never agreed with the 
Directorate-General for Competition of the European Commission (“DG Comp”). As a result, in December 
2015, the Portuguese Ministry of Finance informed the Bank of Portugal that Banif would be sold in the context 
of a resolution, as described below. 
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif, which resulted in the sale 
of the business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco Santander Totta, in the amount of EUR 
150 million. Accordingly, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, except for the 
assets transferred to an asset management vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the context of the application by the 
Bank of Portugal of the aforementioned resolution measure. This transaction involved an estimated public 
support of EUR 2,255 million to cover future contingencies, of which EUR 489 million was provided by the 
Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State (the “2015 
Portuguese State Loan”)) and EUR 1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the 
determination of the assets and liabilities to be sold as agreed between the Portuguese authorities, European 
bodies and Banco Santander Totta. The current outstanding principal amount of the 2015 Portuguese State Loan 
is EUR 353 million. 
As mentioned above, the Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking system and, therefore, the 
outcome of any disposals to be made by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will ultimately be borne by the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
institutions required to fund the Resolution Fund, including CGD. However, given the aforementioned 
agreement between the State and the Resolution Fund, CGD and the other institutions participating in the 
Resolution Fund are not expected to be required to make special contributions to the Resolution Fund as a result 
of any actual or potential liabilities incurred or to be incurred by the Resolution Fund in connection with the 
resolution measures applied to Banif. 
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme, as set by the Bank of Portugal by regulatory instruction. For 
2021, pursuant to the instruction (Instrução) 32/2020 issued by the Bank of Portugal, the rate has been set up 
at 0.060 per cent. 
The final impact on the Issuers and the CGD Group of the resolutions of Banif and/or of BES, as described 
above, cannot be anticipated. 
The creation of a deposit protection system applicable throughout the EU may result in additional costs to 
the CGD Group 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, 
providing for the establishment of deposit guarantee schemes (the “recast DGSD”) introduced harmonised 
funding requirements (including risk-based levies), protection for certain types of temporary high balances, a 
reduction in pay-out deadlines, the harmonisation of eligibility categories (including an extension of scope to 
cover deposits by most companies, regardless of size) and new disclosure requirements, and the harmonisation 
of the deposit guarantee systems throughout the EU. The recast DGSD was transposed in Portugal through Law 
No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, as amended from time to time. 
Furthermore, a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council, amending Regulation 
(EU) 806/2014 to establish a European Deposit Insurance Scheme, is currently under discussion at an EU level. 
The CGD Group may incur additional costs and liabilities as a result of these developments. The additional 
indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may also be significant, even if these are much lower than the 
direct contributions to the fund, as in the case of the costs associated with the provision of detailed information 
to clients about products, as well as compliance with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other 
products similar to deposits, thus affecting the activity of the relevant banks and, consequently, also their 
business activities, financial conditions and results of operations. 
1.3
Risks relating to CGD’s business 
CGD may be subject to rating reviews from the rating agencies with impact on its funding and financial 
performance 
Rating agencies have recently been revising the ratings of European Banks in different geographies due to the 
disruption caused by the Covid-19 outbreak. Some rating agencies have already undertaken a reassessment of 
the Portuguese market. There is no guarantee that further rating actions or outlook revisions will not be made 
in the future. 
CGD, in its capacity as issuer of debt, has been assigned the following the following ratings: on 3 April 2020 
Fitch reaffirmed CGD’s long term rating of BB+ and revised its outlook to negative whilst maintained its short-
term rating at B; since 13 July 2021 CGD’s long-term rating from Moody’s is Baa3, with a stable outlook, and 
a short-term rating of P-3; and on 3 June 2019, DBRS upgraded CGD’s long-term rating to BBB and, on 28 
May 2020, assigned a negative outlook, with the short-term rating currently placed at R-2 (high). Credit ratings 
represent an important component of the CGD’s liquidity profile and affect the cost and other terms according 
to which the CGD is able to obtain funding. Any downgrading of CGD’s ratings may adversely affect its access 
to funding and could increase its funding costs, potentially affecting its financial performance. 
The CGD Group’s business is significantly affected by credit risk 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts due from borrowers and 
counterparties are inherent in a great part of the CGD Group’s business. Adverse changes in the credit quality 
of the CGD Group’s borrowers and counterparties, a general deterioration in Portuguese or global economic 
conditions, or increased systemic risks in the financial systems could affect the recovery and value of the CGD 
Group’s assets and require an increase in loan impairments and other impairments. Accordingly, the CGD Group 
is subject to credit risk, i.e. the risk that the CGD Group’s clients and other counterparties are unable to fulfil 
their payment obligations.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The CGD Group is exposed to many different counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its 
exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is particularly significant. This exposure can arise 
through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and settlement, and numerous other activities and 
relationships. These counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, commercial banks and 
investment banks. Many of these relationships expose the CGD Group to credit risk in the event of default of a 
counterparty or client. In addition, the CGD Group’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it holds 
cannot be realised, or liquidated, at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure 
it is due to cover. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by the CGD Group also 
involve transactions with financial services counterparties. The insolvency of these counterparties may impair 
the effectiveness of the CGD Group’s hedging and other risk management strategies, which could in turn have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, CGD Group has a diversified loan portfolio with no industry representing more than 16.29 per 
cent. of corporate loans (as at 31 December 2020) while credit exposure to certain groups of clients has been 
decreasing when compared with December 2019, further reducing concentration risk. If any of these groups 
defaults, such default may lead to a material increase in impairment charges, which could have an adverse effect 
on CGD’s results and asset quality. 
Although the CGD Group regularly reviews its exposure to its clients and other counterparties, as well as its 
exposure to certain economic sectors and regions which the CGD Group believes to be particularly critical, 
payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or difficult to predict or detect. 
In addition, the collateral and security provided to the CGD Group may be insufficient to cover the exposure or 
the obligations of others towards it; for example, due to sudden market declines that reduce the value of the 
collateral. Accordingly, if a major client or other significant counterparty were to default on its obligations, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The CGD Group actively manages credit risk and analyses credit transactions. Expectations about future credit 
losses may, however, be incorrect for a variety of reasons. An unexpected decline in general economic 
conditions, unanticipated political events or a lack of liquidity in the economy may result in credit losses which 
exceed the amount of the CGD Group’s provisions or the maximum probable losses envisaged by its risk 
management models. As the CGD Group’s operations are mostly concentrated in Portugal, it is particularly 
exposed to the risk of a general economic downturn or other events which affect default rates in Portugal. An 
increase in the CGD Group’s impairment for loan losses or any loan losses in excess of these impairments could 
have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The level of NPLs in the Portuguese banking system improved during the last year, with the total NPL ratio 
standing at 4.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (compared with 6.1 per cent as of December 2019), (according 
to the Bank of Portugal publication “Portuguese Banking System: latest developments 4th quarter 2020”). The 
NPL ratio at the end of 2020 stood at 3.9 per cent. (compared with 4.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) with 
an coverage by impairments by of 97 per cent. The total coverage ratio was 125.9 per cent. CGD cannot assure 
potential investors that its level of provisions for possible impairments and other reserves will be adequate or 
that CGD will not have to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses in future periods. Amongst 
other aspects, CGD’s failure to have an adequate level of provisions and other reserves or CGD’s need to take 
additional provisions for possible impairment losses in future periods may have a material adverse effect on 
CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit concentration risks may adversely affect CGD 
CGD Group has a diversified loan portfolio with no industry representing more than 16.29 per cent. of corporate 
loans (as at 31 December 2020) while credit exposure to certain groups of clients has been decreasing when 
compared with December 2019, further reducing concentration risk. If any of these groups defaults, such default 
may lead to a material increase in impairment charges, which could have an adverse effect on CGD’s results 
and asset quality. 
The CGD Group’s business may be affected by the volatility in interest rates and changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits 
The CGD Group’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
The CGD Group is subject to the risks that are typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the CGD Group’s lending and deposit

--- Page 33 ---
33 
spreads. The CGD Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits 
or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other banks. While 
both the interest rates payable by the CGD Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates it charges on loans 
to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there 
is a risk that the CGD Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, 
giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium-term. The CGD Group is also subject to intense competition 
for customer deposits and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the CGD Group’s deposit 
spreads. The CGD Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale 
funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the CGD Group’s control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. 
An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults 
by the CGD Group’s customers. Conversely, a fall in interest rates may adversely affect the CGD Group 
through, among other things, a decrease in the demand for deposits and increased competition in deposit-taking 
and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates could 
have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the CGD Group. 
The CGD Group has implemented risk management methods aimed at mitigating these and other market risks, 
and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. Although the CGD Group undertakes hedging 
operations to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge its entire risk exposure and cannot ensure 
that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the CGD Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on 
deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the CGD Group’s 
monitoring procedures are unable to adequately manage the interest rate risk, its interest income could increase 
less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the CGD Group’s results of operations and financial 
condition or prospects could be negatively affected. 
Banking institutions in Portugal are legally obligated to reflect negative index interest rates in the calculation 
of the loan interest rates in consumer and residential loan agreements 
The Portuguese Parliament approved a law under which banking institutions are obliged to reflect negative 
index interest rates in the calculation of loan interest rates in consumer and residential loan agreements. Law 
32/2018 of 18 July 2018 (the “Negative Interest Rate Law”), amending Decree-Law 74-A/2017, of 23 June 
2017 (the “Residential Loans Law”), which partially transposed EU Directive 2014/17 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 4 February 2014, on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential 
immovable property (the “Residential Loans Directive”), entered into force on 19 July 2018. 
The Negative Interest Rate Law establishes that negative index interest rates must be deducted from the 
principal amounts of outstanding debts. This law also offers banks the possibility of attributing to their clients 
a credit corresponding to the negative interest rate, which may subsequently be set-off against positive interest 
rates. CGD has decided to apply the first option. 
This Negative Interest Rate Law applies to loans currently in place, irrespective of specific contractual clauses, 
and therefore it can result in material adverse effect on CGD Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
CGD’s short-term liabilities to its customers may exceed its highly liquid assets 
CGD’s primary source of funds has traditionally been its retail deposit base (savings, current and term deposits). 
During the global crisis that affected the financial system, CGD continued to benefit from high levels of trust 
among its individual customers and was able to maintain a stable retail deposits base. The lack of other financing 
sources, caused by the liquidity restrictions faced by Portuguese banks in international money markets and 
capital markets, has led CGD (as well as other Portuguese banks) to increase the interest rates paid on deposits, 
thus reinforcing the attractiveness of these products. 
CGD’s other funding sources include medium and long-term bond issues, commercial paper and medium-term 
structured products. CGD has also borrowed money in the money markets. 
CGD continues to enjoy an ample liquidity situation. In the sphere of Eurosystem monetary policy measures 
and in consideration of the alterations made by the ECB in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, CGD obtained 
€1 billion in funding from the ECB in the form of a TLTRO-III in June 2020.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
CGD continued to comply with the conditions set out in the Bank of Portugal’s regulations in respect of 
liquidity, which includes a detailed, permanent collection of information on credit institutions’ liquidity levels, 
including their forecast treasury plans over a one-year timeframe. 
As at 31 December 2020, the amount of loans and advances to customers was EUR 47,903 million and 
Customer resources totalled EUR 72,033 million. 
Since CGD relies on the aforementioned sources for funding, there is no assurance that, in the event of a sudden 
or unexpected shortage of funds in the market in which CGD operates, CGD will be able to maintain its levels 
of funding without incurring higher funding costs or the liquidation of certain assets. Additionally, CGD is 
impacted by any changes that may occur in the requirements set by the ECB in its refinancing operations and 
if CGD is unable to borrow sufficient funds to meet its obligations to its customers and other investors, CGD’s 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 
Exposure to specialised funds in credit recovery 
The CGD Group has entered into a series of transactions through which it sold assets, namely credits to 
customers, to funds specialised in credit recovery, in exchange for units of those funds. 
As a participant in these types of funds, specialised in credit recovery, the CGD Group, as any other participant, 
does not have the possibility of requesting the reimbursement of its units during the life of the respective fund. 
On the other hand, there is no secondary market for these units, which makes their sale unlikely. 
These units are held by several banks in the market, which are the transferors of the credits, in percentages that 
vary throughout the life of the funds, but which require that no bank individually holds more than 50 per cent. 
of the fund at any time. 
The funds have a specific management structure, entirely independent from the participant banks, whose 
purpose is to ensure the implementation of recovery measures of the assets. 
The CGD Group had a net exposure to funds specialised in credit recovery of EUR 396.8 million, as at 31 
December 2020. A possible deterioration in the recovery expectations of the disposed credits to funds 
specialised in credit recovery may result in a devaluation of the Net Asset Value of the units held by the CGD 
Group, which could require the establishment of additional impairments, that may have an adverse effect on 
the profitability of the CGD Group. 
The CGD Group is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market 
CGD is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market, either directly through assets related to its operations or 
obtained in lieu of payments, or indirectly through real estate that secure loans or the financing of real estate 
projects, which makes it vulnerable to any depression in the real estate market. As at 31 December 2020, the 
amount of real estate assets held by the CGD Group amounted to EUR 470.5 million. Additionally, the amount 
of real estate assets held by the CGD’s pension fund totalled EUR 404.5 million, representing 12.0 per cent. of 
the value of the pension fund’s assets. Any significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate market prices could 
result in impairment losses on the assets held directly by CGD, as well as on the assets held by CGD’s pension 
fund, and cause a decrease in the coverage of credit exposures of real estate collateral, as well as on the coverage 
of the pension fund’s liabilities by its assets, thereby adversely affecting the financial condition and results of 
the CGD Group. 
CGD may be subject to an exception regime for the protection of mortgage lenders in serious economic 
failure 
The level of NPLs in the Portuguese banking system has been improving during the last year, with the total 
NPL ratio standing at 4.6 per cent. as at 31 March 2021 (compared with 4.9 per cent as of December 2020 and 
6.0 per cent as of 31 March 2020), (according to the Bank of Portugal publication “Portuguese Banking System: 
latest developments 1st quarter 2021”).  
In this context, legislation has been passed to facilitate the restructuring of mortgage loans, to ensure a closer 
monitoring of potential default situations and to implement measures aimed at avoiding immediate enforcement 
of mortgage loans. The implementation of any such legislative measures, and of any other regulatory or self-
regulatory initiatives that may be passed in the future, could lead to limitations in the level of spreads and 
commissions charged, as well as to an increase in CGD’s credit impairments. Any exception regime that may 
be adopted, including the possibility that any such rules may require that, in some cases, credit institutions will

--- Page 35 ---
35 
be obliged to accept the repossession of assets as a way of settling clients’ debts, could have a material adverse 
effect on CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
CGD is exposed to pension risk 
CGD must pay its employees pensions for chronic ill health, disability or retirement, in addition to the survival 
pensions paid to employees. 
As of 30 November 2004, all retirement pension liabilities for Caixa employees for their length of service up 
to 31 December 2000, under decree laws 240-A/2004 of 29 December and 241-A/2004 of 30 December 2004, 
were transferred to CGA with reference to 30 November. The transfer included the liability for death grants 
after the standard retirement age, relative to the length of service. Pensions are calculated based on the number 
of years worked by employees and their respective contributions at the time of their retirement and are updated 
based on current retributions per working employee. CGD’s pension plan is no longer applicable to current 
employees hired after 1 January 2006. As such, CGD remains liable for the payment of pensions between 
November 2004 and January 2006. 
CGD annually revaluates whether the actuary assumptions used in the calculation of liabilities remain adequate. 
As at 31 December 2020, liabilities with retirement pensions amounted to EUR 3,436.1 million (compared with 
EUR 3,234.0 as at 31 December 2019). These liabilities were computed by an external actuary based on the 
following assumptions: a discount rate of 1.050 per cent. (for a duration of approximately 19 years), a salary 
growth rate of 0.60 per cent. for 2021 and following years, and a pension growth rate of 0.30 per cent. for 2021 
and following years. CGD ensures the necessary contributions to cover its pension liabilities through a pension 
fund that was established in December 1991. As at 31 December 2020, this pension fund had 13,814 
beneficiaries. 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the pension fund’s assets was EUR 3,380.3 million. 
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, the CGD Group may be required or may choose to make 
additional payments to the CGD Group’s pension schemes which, depending on the amount, could have a 
material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The CGD Group is exposed to IT, data protection, management of confidential/personal information and 
cybercrime risks, infrastructure and operational risks 
The CGD Group’s ability to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade the CGD Group’s 
information technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. The CGD Group must continually make significant 
investments and improvements in its information technology infrastructure to remain competitive. Any failure 
to effectively improve or upgrade the CGD Group’s information technology infrastructure and management 
information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the Group. Losses can result 
from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, or from external events 
that interrupt normal business operations. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or 
proprietary information sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or third party 
could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 
As a result of the digitalisation process of financial services banks are currently more exposed to cyberattack 
or technological operating problems. Excessive reliance on end-of-life IT systems i.e. without security updates 
and therefore more open to cybercrime, existing concentration on the supply of several IT services, and frequent 
use of digital media in terms of customer relations during the period of social distancing measures required by 
the Covid-19 outbreak created potentially systemic repercussions in terms of security failures and may create 
additional risks for the banking sector. 
The CGD Group also faces the risk that computer or telecommunications systems could fail, despite its efforts 
to maintain these systems in good working order. Given the high volume of transactions the CGD Group 
processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and 
successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the CGD Group’s internal processes, employees or systems, 
including any of the CGD Group’s financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial 
loss and damage to the CGD Group’s reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the CGD Group has 
in place, the CGD Group’s ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the 
infrastructure that supports its operations and the markets and communities in which it does business. 
In addition to that, in the course of its activities, the CGD Group may face operational risks including, but not 
limited to, the risk of losses resulting from inadequacies or procedural failures caused by persons and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
information systems, or due to external events. Operational risk management within the CGD Group is based 
on analysis by processes (end-to-end) supported by a set of guidelines, methodologies and regulations 
recognised as good practice. 
CGD’s activity is subject to reputational risk 
CGD is exposed to reputational risk understood as the probability of negative impacts for CGD resulting from 
an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, suppliers, analysts, 
employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which CGD may be related, or even public opinion in 
general. CGD continually monitors this risk by means of, among other things, policies that govern the 
procedures that allow CGD: (i) to minimise the probability of reputational risk; (ii) to identify this risk, report 
it to CGD’s Board of Directors and overcome situations that may involve this risk; (iii) to ensure follow up and 
control of any impacts of this risk; and (iv) to provide evidence, if necessary, that CGD has reputation risk 
amongst its main concerns and has the organisation and means required to foresee acts and facts that may lead 
to this risk and, should it be the case, the ability to overcome it. In any event, CGD cannot assure potential 
investors that it will be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk if the same occurs and, should that 
be the case, any failure to execute CGD’s reputational risk policies successfully could materially adversely 
affect CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation and Conduct risks 
The CGD Group faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings. 
These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, 
ethical issues and conduct by companies in which the CGD Group holds strategic investments or joint venture 
partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the amount of damages asserted against 
the CGD Group, or subject the CGD Group to regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. 
On 3 June 2015, CGD, together with fourteen other credit institutions, was informed of the statement of 
objections raised against it by the competition authority (“AdC”), in relation to the performance of certain 
practices, namely exchanging information with several other credit institutions, which the competition authority 
characterized as collusion with the aim of significantly distorting market competition. Based on the requests 
submitted by several of these credit institutions, the initial period was extended on more than one occasion and 
an unprecedented final decision of the competition authority was taken on 10 September 2019 which levied a 
fine of €82 million. The other institutions involved in this process were also notified of similar decisions. On 
21 October 2019, CGD filed an appeal decision with the court of competition, regulation and supervision, under 
Article 84 of the Competition Law (Regime Jurídico da Concorrência), since it believes that several flaws and 
omissions undermine the AdC resolution, not only in the specifications of the ruling but also in the definition 
of the penalties. 
Any other material legal proceedings, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, may further 
adversely impact on the CGD Group’s business, reputation and results of operations. 
2
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
-
2.1 Risks relating to all Notes 
Unsolicited credit ratings could have a negative impact on investors’ assessment and affect CGD’s cost 
of borrowing 
Unsolicited credit ratings are based only on publicly available information, not considering information 
obtained directly from the analysed entity. As such, these ratings may be lower than a rating assigned on the 
basis of a credit report that has followed all the normal procedures including a substantial due diligence 
necessary for the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer. Consequently, an unsolicited credit 
rating of CGD could impact investors’ assessment and could affect CGD’s cost of borrowing. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default. Holders of Notes may not

--- Page 37 ---
37 
be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early 
intervention or resolution measure under the RGICSF 
Holders have a very limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes. The terms and 
conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that 
(i) an order is made by any competent court commencing bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the 
relevant Issuer or for its winding up or dissolution, or the relevant Issuer institutes such proceedings or (ii) an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed by the relevant Issuer’s shareholders for the winding-up of 
that Issuer. 
The relevant Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the RGICSF 
following the implementation of the BRRD. The adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure 
shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the relevant Issuer to exercise any 
rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed 
not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise 
its rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure 
and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant 
to the RGICSF. 
Any enforcement by a holder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default following 
the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant 
provisions of the BRRD in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such 
procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above (see “—Potential impact of recovery, 
resolution measures, Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure and public support measures on CGD Group’s 
activity”). Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the application 
of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the RGICSF. There can be no assurance that the taking of any 
such action would not adversely affect the rights of holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes 
and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a holder 
of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default may be limited in these 
circumstances. 
The Subordinated Notes, certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
may be redeemed prior to maturity upon a Capital Disqualification Event or upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event, as applicable 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, or certain 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes where “Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL 
Disqualification Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, at any time at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption, upon a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or following the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain 
Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes 
where “Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the 
relevant Final Terms upon a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon an 
MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of certain Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior 
Notes), as applicable, will be subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time, and it is uncertain whether or not such consent will be obtained. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not certain Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
will or may qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments (see “–The qualification of certain Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty”) or if any 
further change in the laws or regulations of Portugal, the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL 
Requirements or in the application or official interpretation thereof will occur and so lead to the circumstances 
in which the relevant Issuer is able to elect to redeem such Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Notes, and if so whether or not the relevant Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem such Notes or if 
any prior consent of the Competent Authority, if required, will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(e) or pursuant to 
Condition 6(f)) are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there 
is any actual increase in the likelihood that the relevant Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. The 
relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. 
The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be MREL-Eligible 
Instruments (as defined in the Conditions) under the MREL Requirements. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding how those regulations will be interpreted and applied and the relevant Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may be (or 
thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If, in relation to any particular issue of Notes, the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, 
this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. Subordinated Notes may, under the 
circumstances set out, and subject to Conditions 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) and 6(e) (Redemption due to a Capital Disqualification Event), be redeemed early at 
the option of the relevant Issuer. Any other Notes may also be redeemed early by the relevant Issuer at its sole 
option as set out, and subject to, the Conditions. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes that are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium on their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated. 
In the event of the bankruptcy or winding-up of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Noteholders’ claims shall be 
subordinated in right of payment to the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer. 
Accordingly, no payments of amounts due under the Subordinated Notes will be made to the Noteholders in the 
event of bankruptcy or winding-up of the relevant Issuer (to the extent permitted by the applicable law) except 
where all sums due from the relevant Issuer in respect of the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the 
relevant Issuer are paid in full, as more fully described in Condition 3(b). Although the Subordinated Notes may 
pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is a significant risk that 
an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose, all or some of its investment should the relevant Issuer become 
insolvent, while investors in other comparable but not subordinated notes may not lose or lose less of its 
investment in such event.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Risks related to withholding tax applicable to the Notes 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Book Entry Notes integrated in and held through Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. 
(“Interbolsa”), as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System (Central de Valores Mobiliários), 
held by non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax 
exemption regime approved by Decree-Law 193/ 2005 of 7 November, as amended, (“Decree-Law 193/2005”), 
may benefit from an up-front withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification 
requirements are complied with (see “Taxation – Portugal” for these procedures and certification requirements). 
In order to benefit from this regime it is mandatory that the Book Entry Notes be integrated in and held through 
(i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the 
CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity established 
in an EU Member State other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, in this 
case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in 
tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU 
Member States, or (iii) in other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the 
Portuguese Government authorises the application of Decree-Law 193/2005. Failure to comply with these 
procedures and certifications will result in the application of the Portuguese domestic withholding rate of 25 
per cent. (in case of legal persons), of 28 per cent. (in case of individuals) or of 35 per cent. (in case of payments 
to (i) omnibus accounts without disclosure of the effective beneficiary or to (ii) legal persons or individuals 
domiciled in blacklisted jurisdictions as defined in Ministerial Order 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from 
time to time, as the case may be, or, if applicable, in reduced withholding tax rates (to which a 5, 10, 12 or 15 
per cent. rate may apply), pursuant to tax treaties signed by Portugal, provided that the procedures and 
certification requirements established by the relevant tax treaty are complied with (see “Taxation – Portugal”). 
The relevant Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases 
indicated in the Taxation section of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including failure to comply with the 
procedures and certifications referred to above. Accordingly, Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure 
that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of the Notes. None of the Issuers, the 
Permanent Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the clearing systems assume any 
responsibility therefor. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders’ details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the 
clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate collection from the effective beneficiaries of the 
Notes (“Noteholders”) of the information referred to in “Risks related to withholding tax” above required to 
comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law 193/2005. Under Decree-Law 193/2005, 
the obligation of collecting proof from the Noteholders of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the 
fulfilling the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades 
registadoras directas) the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. A summary 
of these procedures is set out in “Taxation – Portugal”. Such procedures and certifications may be revised from 
time to time, in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from the 
Portuguese tax authorities regarding such laws and regulations and the operational procedures of the clearing 
systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa, or by an applicable international clearing system under 
Decree-Law 193/2005, Noteholders must rely on and comply with such procedures in order to receive payments 
under the Notes free of any withholding, if applicable. Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that 
they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the 
relevant Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the paying agents or the direct registering entities (entidades 
registadoras directas), or the clearing systems, their management entities or participants, assume any 
responsibility in this regard. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period

--- Page 40 ---
40 
can be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-
off, netting and compensation rights 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary Senior 
Note (unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set Off” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Not 
Applicable”) or Coupon relating thereto (if any) may exercise or claim any set-off, netting or compensation 
right in respect of any amount owned by it to the relevant Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Note or Senior Note, as the case may be, or Coupon relating thereto (if any) and each holder of a 
Subordinated Note or Senior Note, as the case may be, or Coupon relating thereto (if any) shall, by virtue of its 
subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set 
off. 
The relevant Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or 
senior to the Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the relevant Issuer may issue or incur 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, any other issue of Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders upon a winding-up or insolvency of the CGD Group. See also the risk factor below entitled “An 
investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the relevant Issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution”.  
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 6(j), if a Capital Disqualification Event 
or a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or if such substitution or variation is necessary to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of the statutory loss absorption powers set out in Condition 18(e), the 
relevant Issuer may (subject to (a) the relevant Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, the Trustee and the Paying Agents in accordance with 
Condition 16, which notice shall be irrevocable and (b) prior to the issuance of the relevant securities, the 
relevant Issuer delivering a certificate to the Trustee signed by two authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer 
certifying (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant Securities and (ii) that such securities will not have 
terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes) at its option and without 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (1) to substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant 
Notes for Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 6(j)), or (2) vary the terms of the relevant Notes such 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. While Compliant Securities generally must 
contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant Notes, 
there can be no assurance that the terms of any Compliant Securities will be viewed by the market as equally 
favourable, or that the Compliant Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the relevant 
Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, which are used to determine 
the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and 
operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes 
anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the 
past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
(i)
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement).In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the 
Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
(ii)
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If 
a Benchmark Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate. If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, such Issuer 
may determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the relevant Issuer 
may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the relevant Issuer, as the 
case may be, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent 
Adviser or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in 
the Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. 
(iii)
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or each of the Independent Adviser and 
the relevant Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the Independent 
Advisor (failing which, the relevant Issuer) is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before 
the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest for the 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, respectively, will be the Rate of Interest applicable as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of 
Interest. 
Where the relevant Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the relevant Issuer) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of 
any given Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, it will continue to attempt to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to 
result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, 
or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply 
to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) as 
Tier 2 Capital and/or (in the case of Senior Notes) as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(iv)
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return of, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information could have a material adverse effect on the Notes 
European Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014, which amended EU Council Directive 
2011/16/EU (the “Administrative Cooperation Directive”) extended the mandatory automatic exchange of 
information to a wider range of income, including financial income, in line with the Standard for Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters issued by Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development in July 2014 and with the bilateral exchange agreements between the United States of 
America and several other countries to implement the United States’ Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(“FATCA”). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree Law No. 61/2013 of 10 May 2013. In addition, 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic exchange of taxation 
information was implemented into Portuguese law through Decree Law No. 64/2016 of 11 October 2016, as 
amended by Decree Law No. 98/2017 of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019 (the 
“Portuguese CRS Law”). 
Under the Portuguese CRS Law, exchange of information relating to the previous year is due by 31 July of each 
year. 
Through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016 of 11 October 2016 (as amended by 
Law 98/2017 of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019), Portugal has implemented 
legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of America on financial 
accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA. Under such 
legislation the Issuers will be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to the Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the Internal Revenue 
Service of the United States of America. 
The Notes may be subject to Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission adopted a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
directive on a common FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, 
Slovakia and Slovenia (the “Participating Member States” and each a “Participating Member State”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation (renewed discussions took place in June 2019) between the 
Participating Member States (closely modelled on the existing Italian and French FTT), and its scope remains 
uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a judicial decision or a change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except Conditions 3 and 18(e) which is governed by 
Portuguese law), save that, with respect to Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal) and transfer 
of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights 
under the Notes are governed by Portuguese law, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurances can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or of any change to English or 
Portuguese law or administrative practice in either of those jurisdictions after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes any such decision or change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
CGDFB may be subject to local insolvency legislation 
Under French insolvency law, holders of outstanding debt securities in the form of “obligations” (such as bonds 
or notes), are automatically gathered into a general meeting of holders (the “Bondholders’ General Meeting”) 
in case of the opening in France of an accelerated safeguard proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), 
an accelerated financial safeguard proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée), a safeguard 
proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation proceeding (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire) of CGDFB (to the extent it employs more than 150 people or has a turnover of more than EUR 20 
million), in order to be consulted on the draft accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde 
accélérée), the draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée), 
the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde)) or the draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan 
de redressement). 
The Bondholders’ General Meeting comprises holders of all debt securities issued by CGDFB (including the 
Notes), whether or not issued under a debt issuance programme and regardless of their governing law. 
The Bondholders’ General Meeting deliberates on the said draft accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde accélérée), the draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière 
accélérée), the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde)) or the draft judicial reorganisation plan 
(projet de plan de redressement) approved by the other creditors’ committees where applicable (i.e. the 
committee for (i) credit institutions, or assimilated entities, having a claim against the debtor other than notes, 
or entities having granted credit or advances in favour of the debtor (or the assignees of such claim or of a claim 
acquired from a supplier) and (ii) suppliers having a claim that represents more than 3 per cent. of the total 
amount of the claims of all the debtor’s suppliers (and smaller suppliers if invited by the court-appointed 
administrator as the case may be), convened under the same conditions set out for the Bondholders’ General 
Meeting above (except in accelerated financial safeguard proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde financière 
accélérée) where the suppliers are not affected by the procedure and therefore the suppliers’ committee is not 
convened). 
Draft plans submitted to the Bondholders’ General Meeting: 

must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the opening 
of the proceedings;

may establish a differentiated treatment between holders of debt securities (including the 
Noteholders) if their difference of situations so justifies; 

may reschedule, partially or totally write-off their receivables (unless the debt was incurred (i) 
during the conciliation procedure which resulted in an approved conciliation agreement (accord 
de conciliation homologué) and benefitted from the new money lien as provided for therein or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(ii) as part of a previous safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings provided such debt 
benefits from the newly enacted safeguard/reorganisation lien1); and/or 

may provide for the conversion of debt securities (including the Notes) into shares (whose 
conversion would require the relevant shareholder consent). 
Each member of the Bondholders’ General Meeting informs the court-appointed administrator of any agreement 
subjecting its vote to certain conditions or providing for the total or partial payment of its claim by a third party 
or of any subordination agreement. The court-appointed administrator can then modulate the voting rights of 
such a creditor and will submit to the creditor the conditions of calculation of its voting rights. In case of 
disagreement on this calculation, both the creditor and the court-appointed administrator may bring the matter 
by way of summary proceedings before the president of the Court. The amounts of claims secured by a trust 
(fiducie) granted by the debtor do not give rise to voting rights. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of 
debt securities held by the holders casting a vote). No quorum is required on the convocation of the Assembly. 
The Noteholders whose rights are not modified by the proposed plan do not participate in the vote. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions with respect to the Meetings of Noteholders, described in this 
Prospectus and in the Trust Deed, will not be applicable in these circumstances to the extent they are not in 
compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.
Insolvency proceedings, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact 
on the Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that CGDFB or its subsidiaries were to become subject to 
French insolvency proceedings. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes so that its holding amounts to a minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
-
2.2 Risks relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should 
be read together with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described above. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the relevant Issuer’s 
insolvency or resolution 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the relevant Conditions) will be 
unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank junior to all 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in 
the Conditions)). Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the relevant Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented in 
Portugal through Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015 (which amended the Banking Law)) and the 
Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power (and, in case they 
constitute Tier 2 instruments, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure) or (ii) insolvent. 
1 
The safeguard/reorganisation lien was introduced by ordinance No. 2020-596 dated 20 May 2020, aiming at temporarily adapting pre-
insolvency and insolvency proceedings to the consequences of the Covid-19 situation and shall apply to proceedings initiated between 22 May 
2020 and 31 December 2021.There are other temporary Covid-19 related measures which will not be further detailed in this document.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
In the case of any exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for the 
principal amount of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes if they qualify as such as it is expected) 
to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to the principal amount of 
subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments (Instruments) in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation and for the latter to be written-down or 
converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to any write-down or conversion of the principal 
amount or outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior 
Non Preferred Notes), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency 
legislation. Subordinated Notes which constitute Tier 2 instruments may be subject to the Non-viability Loss 
Absorption Measure, which may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Portuguese 
Bail-In Power Measure. See “–Potential impact of recovery, resolution measures, Non-viability Loss Absorption 
Measure and public support measures on CGD Group’s activity”. 
In accordance with Article 48(7) of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, EU Member States shall ensure that, 
for credit institutions, all claims resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing normal 
insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. 
On the date of this Prospectus BRRD II, which amended Article 48, has not been transposed into national law 
in Portugal. However, Noteholders should expect this legislation to be transposed and, consequently, the 
aforementioned regime to be applied. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that, in particular once Portugal has implemented Article 48(7) of the BRRD, a 
Series of Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred or other fully 
disqualified own funds instruments would, in the relevant Issuer’s bankruptcy, rank senior to Subordinated 
Notes which qualify as Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Conditions). The relevant Issuer is not restricted from 
issuing further debt ranking pari passu or senior to the Subordinated Notes: see the risk factor above entitled 
“The relevant Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Subordinated Notes”. See also Condition 3(b), which provides that the status and ranking of the 
Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory applicable law. The foregoing provisions increase the risk that an 
investor in the Subordinated Notes would lose all or some of its investment should the relevant Issuer become 
subject to resolution (as described above) or insolvent.  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to the relevant 
Issuer’s unsubordinated obligations including the Ordinary Senior Notes; deposits provide a 
preferential claim over the claim of holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured 
senior non preferred obligations of the relevant Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A of Decree Law No. 
199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which 
implemented Directive 2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 (“Article 8-A”). Upon the insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, the payment obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of rights of the holders of any Senior Non 
Preferred Notes rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law 
(or otherwise), (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in 
the Conditions), (b) junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the relevant Issuer and any Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, the claims in respect of claims of depositors of the relevant Issuer and the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
will be met after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the relevant Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities, and (c) senior to any present and future subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer.
The relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its obligations in 
respect of unsecured derivatives and other unsecured financial contracts and its unsubordinated and unsecured 
debt securities other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 confers a 
preferential claim for generally all bank deposits (including all corporate bank deposits) over both Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. If the relevant Issuer were wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the 
liquidator would apply the assets which are available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated 
liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors (including depositors and secured creditors in respect of 
their security) ranking ahead of holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then to satisfy claims of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes (and other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities). If the relevant Issuer does not have 
sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher-ranking creditors (including depositors) in full, the claims of the 
holders under Notes will not be satisfied. Holders will share equally in any distribution of assets available to

--- Page 46 ---
46 
satisfy all claims in respect of equal-ranking liabilities if the relevant Issuer does not have sufficient funds to 
make full payment to all of them. 
In addition, if the relevant Issuer enters into resolution, its liabilities under the Notes may be subject to bail-in, 
meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other securities. The sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for claims 
to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the 
applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non Preferred Notes are Senior Non Preferred Liabilities, 
the relevant Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and before any of the relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down or 
converted. 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than creditors 
of the relevant Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the relevant Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes were to become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power or (ii) insolvent. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history 
On 14 March 2019, Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 entered into force. This legislation implements 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and provides 
for the legal recognition of unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations in Portugal. It also 
confers a preferential claim to generally all bank deposits vis-à-vis senior unsecured debt (including the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes). There is little trading history for senior non preferred 
securities of Portuguese financial institutions. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the 
initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non preferred securities. The credit ratings assigned 
to senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies 
refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes 
more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of 
issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, holders may incur losses in respect of their investments in 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
-
2.3 Risks relating to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which are ongoing at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on 
the Notes in secondary resale even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the relevant Issuer. 
The Issuers cannot predict which of those circumstances will change. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments in those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a

--- Page 47 ---
47 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Legal considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Prospective investors in 
the Notes should verify the credit ratings of CGD and the Notes at all times. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, rating agency methodologies, and therefore the ratings 
themselves (particularly as these specifically relate to Tier 2 capital instruments, such as the Subordinated 
Notes), may change without warning at any time. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. See also the risk factor headed 
“The CGD Group’s borrowing costs and liquidity levels may be negatively affected by further downgrades of 
Portugal’s sovereign rating”. 
Implementation of legislation relating to taxation could have a material adverse effect on the Notes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to 
rely upon the tax section contained in this Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Prospectus. 
-
2.4 Risks relating to Green Notes 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Notes, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
Should any of the Notes be issued as Green Notes (as defined below) and if any of the risks outlined in 
this risk factor were to materialise, there may be a material adverse effect on the value of such Green 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance the CGD Group’s 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined below) and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, if 
such investors are required to dispose of their Green Notes as a result of such Notes not meeting any

--- Page 48 ---
48 
investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility and/or 
material decreases in the market price of Green Notes).
No assurance that Green Notes will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that such Notes are intended to be ‘Green 
Notes’ (the “Green Notes”). The relevant Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from 
any issue of Green Notes for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (“Eligible Green Projects”), as described in the 
Green Finance Framework dated July 2021 (the “Green Finance Framework”) published at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/Sustainable-Finance.aspx (as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time). Prospective investors should have regard to 
the information set out in this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the Green Finance Framework regarding 
such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary. 
In connection with the issuance of Green Notes, Sustainalytics (a rating Environmental, Social and Governance 
(“ESG”) firm) has evaluated the Green Finance Framework and has issued an independent opinion confirming 
that the Eligible Green Projects described in the Green Finance Framework are aligned with the International 
Capital Market Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles 2021 (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”) 
published at https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Green-Bond-
Principles-June-2021-100621.pdf (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time). Any 
such opinion or famework will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus.  
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in Green Notes, prospective 
investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Green 
Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Green Notes, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts 
by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the relevant Issuer has 
identified as Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses that are the subject of, 
or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. There is also no requirement for any Eligible Green Projects to have 
a maturity or lifespan matching the minimum duration of any related Green Notes or any other liabilities. Any 
such mismatch shall not result an obligation or incentive for the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Notes at 
any time.   
It should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of a “green 
note” nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or any 
similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the 
relevant Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects will 
satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for 
issuing “green”, “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled securities will align 
with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. 
No assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed or meet their objectives

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected 
or anticipated by the relevant Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of Green 
Notes (or amounts equal thereto) to such Eligible Green Project. 
Accordingly no assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers to 
investors in Green Notes that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “environmental”, “social” or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification or report of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
any Green Notes and/or the Green Finance Framework (as updated from time to time) and in particular with 
any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such framework, opinion or certification will not be, and shall not be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such framework, opinion or certification is not, and 
should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Green Notes. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as of the date that it 
was originally issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
No assurance that Green Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) 
segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations (including the Taxonomy Regulation) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, 
sustainability or social impact of any uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects or 
the funding thereof by the relevant Issuer. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing 
or admission to trading or display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be maintained during the life of any 
Green Notes. The criteria for acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of 
any actual or anticipated removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought 
and refused, that could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Notes. 
No Events of Default 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Notes 
so specified on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, there 
can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green 
Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute 
an event of default under the Green Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes to finance 
and/or refinance any Eligible Green Projects and/or any failure to publish or withdrawal of any summary of 
uses or opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is or is not complying in whole or in part with 
any matters for which such publication, opinion or certification is illustrating, opining on or certifying and/or 
any such Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted to or displayed on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer or the CGD 
Group (or the Arrangers or any Dealer) or (ii) constitute an Event of Default under any Green Notes (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, giving any right to accelerate such Notes) or a breach or violation of any term 
thereof, or constitute a default by the relevant Issuer for any other purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation 
of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its 
Notes or be a relevant factor for the relevant Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes or (iv) affect the regulatory qualification of such Green Notes as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments or Tier 2 Capital (as applicable) or (v) prevent or otherwise affect the applicability 
of the Portuguese Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or loss absorption mechanism. 
There is no direct or contractual link between Green Notes and either (i) the Eligible Green Projects and (ii) 
any general ESG targets and consequently, neither the payment of principal or interest nor an investor’s right 
to accelerate the repayment of any Green Notes is dependent on the performance of any Eligible Green Projects 
or the relevant Issuer’s adherence to any ESG targets.  
The net proceeds of the issue of any Green Notes which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for 
Eligible Green Projects are intended by the relevant Issuer or the CGD Group to be held pending allocation as 
funding towards Eligible Green Projects; however whilst the proceeds may be separately identified from the 
relevant Issuer’s other funds strictly for accounting purposes (for instance, in a sub-account) in accordance with 
the ICMA Green Bond Principles. For the avoidance of doubt, such proceeds will not be segregated from the 
relevant Issuer’s assets or capital more generally. There is nothing to prevent Green Notes and any proceeds of 
such Green Notes being used to absorb any and all losses of the relevant Issuer or the CGD Group, regardless 
of whether or not such losses stem from green, sustainable or other assets, in the same way as the relevant 
Issuer’s other instruments not classified as Green Notes may be called upon to cover all losses on the balance 
sheet.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of CGD as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have 
been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Prospectus, 
save that (i) any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) and (ii) any 
document which is incorporated by reference therein shall not constitute part of this Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated part of a document referred to herein is either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) 
from the website of CGD (https://www.cgd.pt/English) and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as set out in the table below.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (including pages 463-535 (Sustainability 
Reports) of the 2019 AR (as defined below) and pages 453-523 (Sustainability Reports) of the 2020 AR (as 
defined below)) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any information contained within a document incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference list is considered additional information that is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Information incorporated by reference  
Reference 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. audited annual 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2019  
2019 Annual Report (“2019 AR”) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
109 
Consolidated Income Statement 
110 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
111 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
112 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
113 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-301 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
309-319 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2019/Documents/Annual-Report-
CGD-2019.pdf
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. audited annual 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2020
2020 Annual Report (“2020 AR”) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
109 
Consolidated Income Statement 
110 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
111 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
112 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
113 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-293

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Information incorporated by reference  
Reference 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
301-313 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2020/Documents/Annual-Report-
CGD-2020.pdf

--- Page 53 ---
53 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
Each of the Issuers has given an undertaking to the Arranger, the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose 
of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of each Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the relevant Issuer shall prepare 
a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a replacement 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to the Arranger and 
each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as the Arranger or such Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
Copies of such supplement to this Prospectus or replacement Prospectus will be available free of charge 
at the specified office from time to time of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Each Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any of the Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning 
of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 
or 15(d) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities, 
or to any prospective purchaser of restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner, upon the 
request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. In addition, CGD will prepare and publish its audited annual consolidated financial 
statements and semi-annual accounts (which may be audited), in each case once available.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts 
included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding CGD’s financial position, business 
strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans and objectives 
relating to CGD’s products), are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of CGD, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are 
based on numerous assumptions regarding CGD’s present and future business strategies and the environment 
in which CGD will operate in the future. The important factors that could cause CGD’s actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among 
others, the economic situation in Portugal and in the other jurisdictions in which CGD and the CGD Group 
operate. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Prospectus. CGD expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in CGD’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms (except for the sentences in italics), shall be applicable to the 
Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or in book entry, representing each 
Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating 
to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes 
or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme and include, for the avoidance of doubt, Book Entry 
Notes. 
Note that, in accordance with Article 48(7) of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, EU Member States shall 
ensure that, for credit institutions, all claims resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing 
normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds 
item. On the date of this Prospectus BRRD II, which amended Article 48, as not been transposed into national 
law in Portugal. However, Noteholders should expect this legislation to be transposed and, consequently, the 
aforementioned regime to be applied. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes (other than Notes in book entry form) are constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 5 
August 2021 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust 
Deed”) between Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its France 
branch and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for 
the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). 
These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, 
which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. Notes in book 
entry form (“Book Entry Notes”) are constituted by registration in the Interbolsa book-entry system and 
governed by these conditions and a deed poll given by the Issuer in favour of the holders of Book Entry Notes 
dated 5 August  2021 (the “Instrument”). An amended and restated agency agreement dated 5 August  2021 
(the “Agency Agreement”) has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the other issuer 
named in it, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent in respect of notes 
other than Book Entry Notes, registrar, transfer agent, exchange agent in respect of notes other than Book Entry 
Notes, and calculation agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, 
the registrar, the transfer agents, the exchange agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Registrar) and the “Exchange Agent”. “Calculation Agent” means Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
in respect of Notes other than Book Entry Notes and Caixa Geral de Depósitos in respect of Book Entry Notes. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours 
at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Agency & Trust, 6th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB), at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
In the case of Book Entry Notes, CGD will be the paying agent and Calculation Agent in respect of Book Entry 
Notes in Portugal (the “Portuguese Paying Agent and Calculation Agent in respect of Book Entry Notes”). 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or, in the case of holders of Book Entry Notes, the Instrument and those provisions 
of the Trust Deed applicable to them, and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of 
the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Where square bracketed provisions together with a corresponding reference number appear in these Conditions, 
those reference numbers shall indicate the relevant provisions contained in the square brackets apply, or do not 
apply, as follows: square bracketed provisions denoted by (1) will only apply to Notes issued by CGD and 
square bracketed provisions denoted by (2) will only apply to Notes issued by CGDFB. 
1
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a)
Notes issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. acting through its France branch (“CGDFB”) 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified 
to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable 
shall have the same Specified Denominations as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be in minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral 
multiplies of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. 
This Note is an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination 
of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on 
the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” for the purposes of the Global Notes or bearer Notes issued in 
definitive form means the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to it or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note 
is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(b)
Notes issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”) 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) form 
in the specified denomination provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Union or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”) as management entity of the Portuguese 
Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) (“CVM”). 
Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa as 
having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. 
One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a “Certificate”) will be delivered to the relevant 
Noteholder by the financial intermediary with which the relevant Notes are held in a securities account 
in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant Noteholder and in 
accordance with that financial intermediary’s procedures and pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an 
affiliated member of Interbolsa. Any Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect 
of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
This Note is an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination 
of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” for the purposes of Notes in book-entry form and (in relation to a 
Note) “holder” means the person in whose name a Note is registered in the relevant individual securities 
accounts held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa and has not been publicly offered in Portugal. 
2
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a)
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 
7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject 
to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, 
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 6(g)) or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to 
whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and 
as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant 
Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In 
this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as 
the case may be). 
(e)
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to 
it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f)
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such 
Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) 
any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for 
one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not 
later than the relevant Record Date. 
3
Status 
(a)
Status of Senior Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
(together, the “Senior Notes”) and the relative Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4), unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), in the event of the insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer such obligations rank and will 
rank: 
(i)
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and
(b)
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes); 
and 
(ii)
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities;
(b)
junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to the Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in 
respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with 
Article 8-A; and
(c)
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in accordance with Article 8-A. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes are subject to the Portuguese Bail-in Power. 
(b)
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) are direct, 
unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer subordinated as provided below and such 
obligations rank and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
In the event of the bankruptcy or winding-up of the Issuer, and subject to exceptions provided by 
mandatory applicable law the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons 
(if any) against the Issuer in respect of payments pursuant to such Notes and Coupons (to the extent 
permitted by Portuguese law) will: 
(i)
be subordinated in the manner described in these Conditions to the claims of all Senior Creditors;
(ii)
rank at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or otherwise by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with the Subordinated Notes and/or the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
rank senior to any present or future claims of holders of: (1) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, (2) all other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes and/or the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (3) all 
share capital and/or preference shares of the Issuer. The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes are subject to the Portuguese Bail-in Power. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Article 8-A” means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or 
superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive 2017/2399 of 
12 December 2017);
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer: (a) who are depositors and/or other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including, without limitation, holders of Senior Notes) and (b) whose claims are 
subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer, other than those creditors: (i) whose claims 
relate to obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or (ii) 
whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the 
claims of holders of the Subordinated Notes;
“Senior Higher Priority Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer under any Ordinary Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities;
“Senior Non Preferred Liabilities” means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non Preferred Notes) and any other 
obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari 
passu with the Senior Non Preferred Notes; and
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” each have the respective meanings given to such terms under the 
CRR (as defined below). 
(c)
Waiver of Set-Off 
This Condition 3(c) applies only to: (i) Subordinated Notes; (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes; and (iii) 
Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-Off” is expressly specified to be 
“Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a relevant Note or Coupon relating thereto (if any) may at any 
time exercise or claim any set-off, netting or compensation right in respect of any amount owed by it to 
the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Notes and the Coupons relating thereto (if any) and 
each holder of a relevant Note or Coupon relating thereto (if any) shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of any such Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of a relevant Note 
or Coupon by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant Notes or 
Coupons is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its liquidation, the 
liquidator of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such 
amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator of the Issuer (as the case may be)) and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
4
Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
(a)
Restriction 
This Condition 4(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless “Ordinary Senior Notes: Negative Pledge” 
is expressly specified to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary Senior Notes. 
So long as any of the Ordinary Senior Notes or Coupons (if any) remain outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed or, as the case may be, the Instrument), neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Condition 10) shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, 
assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Ordinary Senior Notes, Coupons (if any) and the Trust Deed (A) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith in the same manner or to the satisfaction of the Trustee or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, in each case to the satisfaction of 
the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as 
the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or 
as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Noteholders provided that nothing in 
this Condition 4(a) shall prevent the Issuer from creating or having outstanding Security on or with 
respect to the assets or receivables or any part thereof of the Issuer which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby the 
indebtedness secured by such Security or having the benefit of such secured guarantee or indemnity is 
limited to the value of such assets or receivables. 
(b)
Relevant Debt 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Debt” means any present or future (actual or contingent) 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities that, with the 
consent of the Issuer are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in 
on any stock exchange or other recognised securities market (other than an issue which is placed in 
Portugal in an amount greater than 50 per cent. of its aggregate principal amount), having an original 
maturity of more than one year from its date of issue. For the avoidance of doubt, “indebtedness”, for 
the purpose of this definition, does not include preference shares or any other equity securities or 
Covered Bonds (as defined below). 
“Covered Bonds” means any mortgage-backed bonds and/or covered bonds or notes (Obrigações 
Hipotecárias) issued pursuant to Decree Law No. 59/2006 of 20 March by any of the Issuers or any 
subsidiary thereof, the obligations of which benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio 
creditório especial”) as a result of them being collateralised by a defined pool of assets comprised of 
mortgage loans or other eligible assets permitted by applicable Portuguese legislation to be included in 
the pool of assets and where the requirements for that collateralisation are regulated by applicable 
Portuguese legislation. 
5
Interest and other Calculations 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if

--- Page 62 ---
62 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b)
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i)
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
interest is payable in each year (each an “Interest Payment Date”) and on the Maturity Date if 
that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest 
(the “Interest Amount”) payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case 
of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with the provisions 
for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5(g) and, for such purposes, references in 
Condition 5(a) to “Fixed Rate Notes” shall be deemed to be to “Reset Notes” and Condition 
5(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Fallbacks 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to Condition 5(i), the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined as if the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations remained as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, an amount set out in the relevant Final Terms as the “First Reset 
Period Fallback”. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii), “Mid-Swap Reference Banks” means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap,

--- Page 63 ---
63 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii)
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
(where a “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter. So long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange of any reset Rate of Interest and relevant Interest Amount(s) no later than the first day 
of each Reset Period. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii)
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(A)
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms (and references in this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B) to “Calculation Agent” shall be construed accordingly). If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
 (y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at

--- Page 65 ---
65 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e)
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(g)
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for 
the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest calculated and due on the Subordinated Notes will 
not be amended pursuant to these Conditions on the basis of the credit standing of the Issuer. 
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of 
a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b) (ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If 
the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need 
be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations and quotations given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i)
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 5(b) and 5(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and at its own cost, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(vi)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(i) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders (if any) for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(i)(i).

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(ii)
Issuer Determination 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (b) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(i)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may itself determine (but shall not be obliged to determine) (i) a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with this Condition 5(i) (with the relevant provisions in this 
Condition 5(i) applying mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer 
without consultation with an Independent Adviser). In the event the Issuer decides to make a 
determination in accordance with this Condition 5(i), without prejudice to the definitions hereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer shall take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any published guidance 
from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in 
the international debt capital markets. 
(iii)
Issuer’s failure to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, or 
otherwise decides not to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods or Reset Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(iv)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that: 
(D)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)); or
(E)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(i)). 
(v)
Adjustment Spread

--- Page 69 ---
69 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(vi)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Independent Adviser (or Issuer, as 
the case may be) determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (b) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(i)(vii), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(i)(vii), the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the 
Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(vi), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes: 
(A)
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or
(B)
 in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, 
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Competent Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. 
(vii)
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii)
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5(i), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(ii) or 5(c), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(j)
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks and one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k)
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(ii)
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied) 
(iii)
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
(iv)
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(vi). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be; (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate; and (c) in the case of (v), on 
the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Additional Business Centres. 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Portugal or such other or 
successor authority which is responsible for prudential supervision, resolution matters and/or 
empowered by national law to supervise the Issuer and Group as part of the supervisory system in 
operation in Portugal (and which may be the Relevant Resolution Authority where the context so 
requires). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(vii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of EU Member States that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Conditions 
5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such 
sum adjusted (if necessary) to reflect the frequency of scheduled interest payments on the Notes). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject to Conditions 5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), for any Reset 
Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as set out in the Final Terms and to 
Condition 5(i), if applicable, EURIBOR. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Conditions 5(b)(ii) 
and (if applicable) 5(i), either: 
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means, in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable, and in any other case, the rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory bodies or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or to the Maturity 
Date, if there is no succeeding Subsequent Reset Date). 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Conditions 5(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 5(i), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum adjusted (if necessary) to reflect the frequency of scheduled interest 
payments on the Notes). 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Senior Note or 
Subordinated Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount. Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by 
the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations will 
have an original maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will 
have a minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time. Notes will not be issued with a maturity of less than 398 (three 
hundred and ninety-eight) days. For the avoidance of doubt, no payments of principal under the Notes 
will be made in instalments. 
(b)
Early Redemption 
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount (together with any 
accrued interest). 
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (where 
applicable), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before 
the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 8(b) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
[France](2)[Portugal](1) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Until five years have elapsed since the Issue Date, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, this Condition 
6(c) shall only apply, as provided for in the CRR, if (i) the circumstance that entitles the Issuer to exercise 
such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the circumstance involves a material change in tax 
treatment. 
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption is also subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) 
and only after five years from the relevant Issue Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have 
been drawn in such place as the Issuer (acting reasonably) may approve and in such manner (acting 
reasonably) as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
or other relevant authority requirements. 
(e)
Redemption due to a Capital Disqualification Event 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(k), at any time (but which shall be on an Interest Payment Date if this 
Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption) if the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes has changed and as a result the Subordinated Notes would be excluded from the Issuer’s own 
funds and/or the Group or have a lower quality form of own funds (a “Capital Disqualification Event”) 
and, if the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed before five years have elapsed since the Issue Date, 
both the following conditions apply:  
(i)
the Competent Authority considers the referred change to be sufficiently certain; and
(ii)
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory 
classification was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date. 
(f)
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where “Ordinary Senior Notes 
- MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms only, 
following the MREL Requirement Date, a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may at its option, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k), on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes on the date specified for redemption in such 
notice. 
Notes redeemed early pursuant to this Condition 6(f) will be redeemed at their early redemption amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)”) (which shall be the principal 
amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) as may be specified in 
or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD V, the BRRD, the SRM 
Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, 
minimum requirements for eligible liabilities, resolution and/or solvency then in effect of the European

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Central Bank, the Competent Authority or such other or successor governmental authority exercising 
primary bank supervisory authority from time to time, in each case with respect to prudential or 
resolution matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group, in each case to the extent then in effect in 
Portugal including the Institutions Act (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group);
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or superseded from 
time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 and by Directive (EU) 
2019/879);
“CRD V” means any, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD Implementing 
Measures;
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or superseded from time to time (including, without 
limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/878);
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR which 
may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts 
(regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, 
and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or 
any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as 
the case may be, of the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis);
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be 
amended or superseded from time to time (including, without limitation, by Regulation (EU) 2019/876);
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in Portugal), 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in Portugal;
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, or in the application or official interpretation thereof, in any case becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, that at any time, on or following the MREL Requirement Date, all or part 
of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes 
where “Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Disqualification Event” has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms does not fully qualify or ceases to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity 
of the relevant Notes being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible Instruments by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or a buy-back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
(iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes where “Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Disqualification Event” 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes 
not meeting any requirement in connection to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any

--- Page 81 ---
81 
limitation on the amount of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL-
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group;
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that complies with the MREL Requirements;
“MREL Requirement Date” means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged to meet 
any MREL Requirements; and
“MREL Requirements” means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If, in relation to Senior Notes only, Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if any)) provided that no deposit of Notes will 
be required in respect of Book Entry Notes with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) 
the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note 
or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h)
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) comply with any applicable laws and unexchanged Talons (if any) relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
In respect of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, in each case subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k), the Issuer (if and to the extent then 
required), any of its Subsidiaries and any undertaking in which the Issuer has participation in the form 
of ownership, direct or by way of control, of 20 per cent. or more of the voting rights or capital of that 
undertaking, may purchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes, 
as the case may be (provided that all unmatured Coupons (if any) comply with any applicable laws and 
unexchanged Talons (if any) relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith), in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. 
(i)
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and all unexchanged Talons (if any) to the Issuing and Paying Agent or in accordance 
with Interbolsa regulations in the case of Book Entry Notes and, in the case of Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if any) attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(j)
Substitution and Variation of Notes 
Where “Capital Disqualification Event – Substitution and Variation” or “MREL Disqualification Event 
– Substitution and Variation”, as the case may be, is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 
6(e)) or, as the case may be, an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 6(f)), has occurred 
and is continuing, or that such substitution or variation is necessary to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of the statutory loss absorption powers set out in Condition 18(e), then the Issuer may, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Trustee (subject to the notice requirements below)) either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. Upon the expiry of the notice required by this Condition 
6(j), the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the relevant Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 6(j), as the case may be and, subject as set out below, the Trustee shall agree to such 
substitution or variation. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j) is subject to (a) the Issuer giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, the 
Trustee and the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 16, which notice shall be irrevocable and 
(b) prior to the issuance of the relevant securities, the Issuer delivering a certificate to the Trustee signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer certifying (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant 
Securities and (ii) that such securities will not have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than 
the terms of the relevant Notes.  
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j) shall not give the Issuer an option 
to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
The Trustee shall (subject to receipt of certification from the Issuer as referred to above) concur in the 
substitution of the relevant Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the relevant Notes so that they 
remain or become, Compliant Securities, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to concur in any 
such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed alternative Compliant Securities or the 
concurring in such substitution or variation would, in the Trustee’s opinion, impose more onerous 
obligations upon it, expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or require the Trustee 
to incur any liability in respect of which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
“Compliant Securities” means securities that: 
(a)
are issued by the Issuer;
(b)
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes;
(c)
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing), provided that such securities: 
(1)
contain terms such that they qualify as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as 
the case may be; and

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(2)
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s perspective, more 
favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and 
Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Notes 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and
(3)
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued interest, principal 
and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and
(4)
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/or interest; and
(5)
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, write-off 
or conversion to ordinary shares, other than through the application of statutory powers 
pursuant to the Applicable Banking Regulations; and
(6)
do not contain terms such that redemption pursuant to any one or more of Conditions 6(c), 
(e) or (f) could occur upon, or be foreseeable as a result of, such substitution or variation. 
(d)
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) such other EEA 
regulated market as selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee; and
(e)
(save where the substitution or variation is being made in order to ensure the enforceability of 
Condition 18(e) and any downgrade is or would be directly attributable to such substitution or 
variation) where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating 
from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation each such Rating 
Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to 
the relevant Notes as substituted or varied. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service España, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective successors.
(k)
Pre-conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Notes 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Notes in accordance with Conditions 6(c), (d), 
(e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) is subject to: 
(a)
the Issuer having obtained the prior consent or permission of the Competent Authority if and as 
required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time; and
(b)
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
purchase, substitution or variation as may be required by the relevant Competent Authority or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time; and
(c)
in the case of Conditions 6(c), (d), (e), (f) and (j) only, prior to the publication of any notice of 
early redemption or substitution or variation pursuant to those provisions, the Issuer having 
delivered to the Trustee (in the case of Notes other than Book Entry Notes) or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (in the case of Book Entry Notes) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the relevant events giving rise to the early redemption of the relevant 
Notes, or the right to substitute or vary the relevant Notes, as the case may be, has occurred and 
is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the case of a certificate delivered in connection 
with Condition 6(c) only, a statement that the obligation referred to in Condition 6(c)(i) above 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, and the Trustee or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to accept such certificate without 
any further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the occurrence of such relevant events, and the 
satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in Condition 6(c)(ii) in the case of a certificate

--- Page 84 ---
84 
delivered in connection with Condition 6(c), in which case it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Paying Agents. 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to give its consent or permission as contemplated above shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose.  
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, the consent or permission of the Competent Authority for any 
purchase or redemption prior to the relevant Maturity Date will not be required where the Notes are not, 
or have not been, eligible to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
7
Payments and Talons 
(a)
Bearer Notes and Book Entry Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(i)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency with, a Bank. “Bank” 
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the TARGET System. 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the 
Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in the relevant currency, 
details of which appear in the records of the relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa at the close of 
business on the Payment Business Day (as defined below) before the due date for payment of principal 
and/or interest. 
“Payment Business Day” means a day which (subject to Condition 8): 
(a)
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest; and
(b)
is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(b)
Registered Notes 
(i)
Payments of Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii)
Payments of Interest 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth DTC business day (meaning any day on which DTC (as defined in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)), is open for business) before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record 
Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(iii)
Payment Initiation 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency, 
payment instructions (for value the date, or if that is not a relevant Business Day, for value the 
first following day which is a relevant Business Day) will be initiated on the last day on which 
the Paying Agent is open for business on the due date for payment or, in the case of payments of

--- Page 85 ---
85 
principal where the relevant Certificate has not been surrendered at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, on a day on which the Paying Agent is open for business and on which the 
relevant Certificate is surrendered. 
(iv)
Payments Through The Depository Trust Company 
Registered Notes, if so specified on them, will be issued in the form of one or more Certificates 
registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, The Depository Trust Company 
(“DTC”). Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars will be made in accordance with Conditions 7(b)(i), (ii) and (iii). Payments of principal 
and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee 
for, DTC and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made or 
procured to be made by the Paying Agent in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with 
the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified Currency payable by the Paying Agent 
or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received 
from the Issuer by the Paying Agent who will make payments in such Specified Currency by wire 
transfer of same day funds to the designated bank account in such Specified Currency of those 
DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election 
to DTC, in the case of interest payment, on or prior to the third DTC business day after the Record 
Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments of principal, at least 12 
DTC business days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive payments in such Specified 
Currency. The Paying Agent, after the Exchange Agent has converted amounts in such Specified 
Currency into U.S. dollars, will deliver such U.S. dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for 
payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant 
payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such Specified Currency. 
(v)
Delay in Payment 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay after the due date 
in receiving the amount due on a Note if the due date is not a business day, if the Noteholder is 
late in surrendering or cannot surrender its Certificate (if required to do so). 
(vi)
Payment Not Made in Full 
If the amount of principal or interest which is due on any Registered Note is not paid in full, the 
Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount of principal or interest, if any, in 
fact paid on such Registered Note. 
(c)
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Save as provided in Condition 8, all payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer or the Paying 
Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature

--- Page 86 ---
86 
imposed by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange 
Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, 
the Exchange Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities, (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed, as approved by the Trustee, and (vii) an Exchange Agent in 
relation to Registered Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9). 
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon (if any) relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon (if any) shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons (if any) are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons (if any), and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon (if any) relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(v)
Other than in respect of Book Entry Notes, if the due date for redemption of any Note is not a 
due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender, if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g)
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
a specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if necessary, another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons (if any) that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h)
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon (if any) is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation or in Portugal in the case of Book Entry Notes, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Additional Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and: (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment 
in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8
Taxation 
(a)
Payments free of Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons (if any) shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
[France](2) [Portugal](1) or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
Payments of interest and other types of remuneration on the Notes and the Coupons will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Portugal where the relevant proof of non-residence status has been provided by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders to the direct registration entity prior to the Relevant Date. Where no such relevant proof 
of non-residence status is provided in the terms below by Noteholders or Couponholders, payments of 
interest and other types of remuneration to such Noteholders or Couponholders will, as set out below, 
be made subject to deduction of withholding tax by or on behalf of the Republic of Portugal. 
[All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by CGDFB in respect of Notes issued by CGDFB 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law].(2)

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(b)
Additional Amounts 
If applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or within 
[France](2)[Portugal](1) or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, in respect of payments of principal and interest in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes (with 
characteristics such that they are not capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon 
issuance), or in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such 
that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts 
as would have been received by them (in respect of payments of interest only, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such that they are 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(i)
Other Connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with [France](2)[Portugal](1) other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
Lawful Avoidance of Withholding 
(aa) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes in respect of 
whom the information and documentation (which may include certificates) required in 
order to comply with Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, and any implementing 
legislation, is not received before the Relevant Date; or
(bb) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes (i) in respect of 
whom the information and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply 
with any applicable tax treaty is not received before the Relevant Date, and (ii) who is 
resident in one of the contracting states; or
(cc) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the effective beneficiary of the Notes resident for tax 
purposes in a country, territory or region subject to clearly a more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Ministerial Order n. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 
(Portaria do Ministro das Finanças e da Administração Pública n. 150/2004) as amended 
from time to time, issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public 
Administration, with the exception of (a) central banks and governmental agencies, as 
well as international institutions recognised by the Tax Jurisdiction of those tax haven 
jurisdictions and (b) tax haven jurisdictions which have a double taxation treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force with Portugal; or
(dd) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of (i) an effective beneficiary of the Notes who is a 
Portuguese resident legal entity subject to Portuguese corporation tax with the exception 
of entities that benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions, or (ii) a legal entity not resident in Portugal acting with respect to 
the holding of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Portugal except whenever 
it benefits from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(ee) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder where the income on the Notes is 
paid to accounts opened in the name of one or several accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed third entities; or
(iii)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5, or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall, where applicable, be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in 
substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 20 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a)
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 10(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless the relevant Final Terms expressly specify 
Condition 10(a) as being “Not Applicable”. 
(i)
Non-Payment 
Default is made for a period of 10 business days or more in the payment of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor; or
(ii)
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes 
or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable 
of remedy, is not remedied within 20 business days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or
(iii)
Cross Default 
(D)
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes 
capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any 
actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described); or
(E)
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period; or
(F)
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys 
borrowed or raised, provided, in every case, that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (iii) have occurred equals or exceeds the higher of 
U.S.$20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) or 1 per cent. of the Shareholders’ 
Equity of CGD; or
(iv)
Enforcement Proceedings 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
and adequate steps to stop and remedy such situation are not taken by CGD provided that (a) the 
claim in such distress, attachment, execution or other legal process exceeds U.S.$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) in each case and (b) such distress, attachment, execution or other 
legal process is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, vexatious or frivolous; or
(v)
Security Enforced 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed 
by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to 
enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person) and adequate steps to stop and remedy such situation are not taken by CGD; or
(vi)
Cessation of Business 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary shall cease to carry on the whole or, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, substantially the whole of its business except for the purpose of and followed by a

--- Page 91 ---
91 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or
(vii)
Insolvency 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to 
be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of 
such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of the 
debts of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or
(viii)
Winding-up 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or 
through an official action of its Board of Directors threatens to cease to carry on all or (in the 
opinion of the Trustee) a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case except for the 
purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders; or
(ix)
Authorisation and Consents 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes and the Trust 
Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make 
the Notes and the Trust Deed admissible in evidence in the courts of [Portugal](1)[France](2) is not 
taken, fulfilled or done; or
(x)
Illegality 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or
(xi)
Analogous Events 
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs, 
provided that, except in the case of paragraphs (i) and (viii) (in the case of winding-up or dissolution), 
the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
“Accounts” means the most recent annual audited consolidated accounts prepared by the Issuer in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Issuer;
“Group” means CGD and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall mean, in relation to the Issuer, any Subsidiary: 
(i)
whose net assets (as shown by the then most recent audited balance sheet of such Subsidiary and 
attributable to the Issuer) constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the 
Group (as shown in the then latest Accounts); or
(ii)
whose turnover (as shown by its latest audited profit and loss account of such Subsidiary and 
attributable to the Issuer) constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated turnover of the Group 
(as shown in the latest Accounts), 
provided that, if a Subsidiary itself has subsidiaries and produces in respect of any year an audited 
consolidated balance sheet of such Subsidiary and its subsidiaries, the reference above to business assets 
of such Subsidiary shall be construed as a reference to business assets of such Subsidiary and its 
consolidated subsidiaries and the reference to the then most recent audited balance sheet of such 
Subsidiary shall be construed as a reference to the then most recent audited consolidated balance sheet 
of such Subsidiary and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
A report by the Auditors (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by 
the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties;
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to the Issuer, any entity whose affairs are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the Issuer, to be consolidated in the consolidated accounts of the Issuer; and
“Shareholders’ Equity of CGD” means, at any relevant time, a sum equal to the aggregate of CGD’s 
shareholders’ equity as certified by the Auditors (as defined in the Trust Deed) of CGD by reference to 
the latest audited consolidated financial statements of CGD. 
(b)
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and certain Ordinary Senior 
Notes 
This Condition 10(b) only applies if the Note is (i) a Senior Non Preferred Note, (ii) a Subordinated Note 
or (iii) an Ordinary Senior Note where the relevant Final Terms expressly specify Condition 10(a) as 
being “Not Applicable”, and references in this Condition 10(b) to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i)
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the Issuer or the Issuer 
institutes such proceedings; or
(ii)
if otherwise than on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an effective resolution is passed by the Issuer’s 
shareholders for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
the Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that 
the relevant Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 6(b)(ii) together with accrued 
interest as provided in the Trust Deed. 
Without prejudice to Conditions 10(b)(i) and 10(b)(ii) above, if the Issuer breaches any of its obligations 
under the Trust Deed or the relevant Notes or relative Coupons of the relevant series (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Trust Deed or the relevant Notes or relative

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Coupons of the relevant series, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of such Notes or relative Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations), then 
the Trustee may, subject as provided below, at its discretion and without further notice, bring such 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question provided that the Issuer shall not, as 
a result of the bringing of any such proceeding, be obliged to pay any sum sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. However, nothing in this Condition 10(b) shall prevent the Trustee 
instituting proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of the Issuer 
in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to or arising from the relevant Notes, the 
Coupons relating thereto or the Trust Deed (including any damages awarded for breach of any such 
obligation). 
For the sake of clarity, the provisions of these Conditions governing the relevant Notes do not give the 
Trustee the right to accelerate the future scheduled payments of interest or principal, other than in the 
case of Condition 10(b)(i) or 10 (b)(ii), as provided for in the relevant provisions of the CRR being (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes) Article 63(l) and (in the case of MREL-Eligible Instruments which are 
not Subordinated Notes) Article 72b(2)(l). Accordingly, resolution proceedings or a moratorium imposed 
by a resolution authority in respect of the relevant Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
For the purpose of this Condition 10(b) only, notwithstanding the Trustee having given notice that the 
relevant Notes are immediately due and repayable, the Issuer may (if and to the extent required by 
Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time) only redeem such Notes prior to maturity with the 
prior consent or approval of the Competent Authority. 
There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority will give its consent or approval to any such 
redemption; Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the consent or approval of the Competent 
Authority will depend on the capital adequacy of the Issuer at the relevant time. 
(c)
In the case of both Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
(i)
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above only if 
(a) it shall have been so requested in writing by Noteholders holding not less than one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
(whether by payment in advance or otherwise) to its satisfaction. 
(ii)
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing. No Holder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
except that if the Trustee, having become bound to institute such proceedings as aforesaid, fails 
to do so or, being able and bound to submit a claim in such winding-up, fails to do so, in each 
case within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, then any such holder may itself 
institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or submit a claim in such winding-up 
to the same extent (but no further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled to do. 
11
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Notes only, the Instrument contain provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions 
of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee upon written request by Noteholders 
holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding (subject 
to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction). The quorum for

--- Page 94 ---
94 
any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, 
inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary 
the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting 
not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b)
Modifications 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is (in the opinion of the Trustee) of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any 
of the provisions of the Conditions or of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of Subordinated Notes (and, if and to the extent 
required by Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), such modifications may only be made with the prior consent, approval 
or permission of the Competent Authority. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect such 
consequential amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed as may be required in order to give 
effect to the application of Condition 5(i). 
(c)
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business or of any 
other Subsidiary of CGD in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substitute, as principal debtor under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, those referred to in this 
Condition), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and the Coupons (if any), but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. Other than as referred to in or envisaged by Condition 10 or this Condition 12, no remedy against 
the Issuer shall be available to the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the 
Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or Coupons or under the Trust Deed. 
13
Protections of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer 
without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without further enquiry and without further liability to Noteholders, Couponholders or 
any other person for so doing on a report, confirmation, certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial 
advisors, financial institutions or any other experts, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in 
relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee 
or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and 
shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation, certificate or advice and such report, confirmation, 
certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the 
Paying Agents. 
14
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note (other than Book Entry Notes), Certificate, Coupon (if any) or Talon (if any) is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the 
case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon (if any) 
or Talon (if any) is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons 
(if any), there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or Talons (if any) must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
15
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer 
may determine at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context 
requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the 
Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with 
the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed and, in relation to Book Entry 
Notes only, the Instrument contain provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders 
of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
16
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid, so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, if 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if not so listed, shall be 
mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of Notices relating to Book Entry Notes. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term and conditions of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed except Clauses 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.5, the Notes except Conditions 3 and 18(e), the 
Coupons (if any) and the Talons (if any) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, 
with respect to Book Entry Notes only, the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, 
creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. Clause 3 (with the 
exception of Clause 3.4) of the Trust Deed and Conditions 3 and 18(e) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(b)
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (if any) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons (if any) or Talons (if any) (“Proceedings”) may be brought 
in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed or the Instrument, as the case may be, irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c)
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., London representative office at 
its offices presently located at The Monument Building, 11 Monument Street, London EC3R 8AF as its 
agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
(d)
Waiver of Immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right to claim sovereign or other 
immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally 
consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including, without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of 
any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Proceedings. 
(e)
Statutory Loss Absorption Power 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 18(e), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise may result in either of the following, or a combination thereof: (a) the write down 
or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes; and/or (b) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer, the Group or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations); and/or (c) the cancellation of the Notes; 
and/or (d) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable in the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes or the Coupons will become due and payable 
or be paid after the exercise of any Portuguese Bail-in Power if and to the extent that such amounts have 
been reduced, converted, cancelled, suspended (for so long as such suspension or moratorium is 
outstanding), amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of any Portuguese Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of 
the Portuguese Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 18(e). 
The exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute a default or an event of default for any purpose and the Conditions of the Notes 
shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable

--- Page 98 ---
98 
with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect 
the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the 
Institutions Act and the SRM Regulation, relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment 
firms and/or the Group incorporated in Portugal. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Portuguese Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
The exercise of the Portuguese Bail-Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to any 
relevant laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Portugal is not dependent 
on the application of this Condition 18(e). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Amounts Due” means the outstanding principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
and additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 8(b), if any, due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior 
to the exercise of the Portuguese Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
“Institutions Act” means the “Regime Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras” 
approved by Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended or superseded from time to time, 
laying down the Portuguese legal regime governing certain aspects of incorporation, organisation and 
operation of credit institutions, financial companies and investment firms;
“Portuguese Bail-in Power” is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
incorporated in the Republic of Portugal, in effect and applicable to the Issuer, including the laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to (i) the transposition of Article 48 and the remaining Articles 
of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which amended the 
Institutions Act), (ii) the SRM Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of credit institutions or investment firms (or other affiliate 
of such entities) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such credit institutions or investment firms or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period);
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means any authority with the ability to exercise the Portuguese Bail-
in Power; and
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from 
time to time.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES CLEARED THROUGH 
EUROCLEAR OR CLEARSTREAM WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
References in this section to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the 
Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Certificates may be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. The relevant clearing system will be notified whether or not the relevant 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to 
and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
19
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Note or Definitive

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or 
in part for Registered Notes only. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a Temporary Global Note which is expressed 
to be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes at the option of Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradable only 
in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof. 
20
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of 2.1 below, Registered Notes: 
20.1
if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered 
Notes; and
20.2
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect 
of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its 
election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that 
are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the relevant 
Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of a Specified 
Denomination. 
21
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a Permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a 
clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which 
the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part: 
21.1
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so; or
21.2
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
21.3
with the consent of the Issuer, provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant 
to 3.1 or 3.2 above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
22
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions (1) 
for Registered Notes if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for 
exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any 
Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
23
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or 
procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case 
may be or, if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro 
rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to 
any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 42 set out in the Schedules to 
the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, 
procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
24
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in 
the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of 
any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks 
are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of CGNs represented by a Global Note will be made 
against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that 
such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 8(b)(iv) will apply to Definitive Notes only. If 
the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata
in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so 
made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of 
the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purposes of any payments made in respect 
of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set 
out in Condition 7(h). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
2
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of twenty years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
3
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons 
for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder 
of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
Note comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note. 
5
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon. 
6
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time 
limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be 
required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and 
accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in 
respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
7
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving 
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option 
has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at 
the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where 
the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly. 
8
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out 
above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
9
Trustee’s Powers 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Trust Deed, in considering the interests of Noteholders while 
any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee of a 
Common Depository for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by 
such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders 
with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests, and treat such 
accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate. 
10
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
notices shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and so 
long as the Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, notices will be published in such manner as the 
rules of that stock exchange may require. 
11
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of a Series which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the 
meaning of Regulation S (“Unrestricted Notes”) will initially be represented by interests in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate, without interest coupons, deposited with a common nominee for, and registered in the name 
of a common nominee of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear on its Issue Date. Registered Notes of such 
Tranche sold in the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A (“Restricted Notes”) 
will initially be represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date. Any Restricted Global 
Certificate and any individual definitive Restricted Notes will bear a legend applicable to purchasers who 
purchase the Registered Notes as described under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Each Unrestricted Note will have an ISIN and Common Code and each Restricted Note will have a 
CUSIP number.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
BOOK ENTRY NOTES HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA 
General 
Securities cleared through Interbolsa are held through a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) 
composed by interconnected securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, 
held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held 
and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the 
controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number (“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa. These Book Entry Notes will be accepted 
and registered with CVM the centralised securities system managed and operated by Interbolsa and settled by 
Interbolsa’s settlement system. 
Form of the Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be in book entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Book 
Entry Notes will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code and the applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (“CMVM”) and Interbolsa regulations. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa. 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by CGD 
with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant (as defined below) on behalf 
of the holders of the Book Entry Notes. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Book Entry 
Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Book Entry Notes 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Book Entry Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Whilst the Book Entry Notes are held through Interbolsa, (i) payment of principal and interest in euros 
in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, 
by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer) from the payment current account which 
the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf 
for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to 
the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts 
with Interbolsa are credited with such Book Entry Notes and thereafter (b) credited by such Interbolsa 
Participants from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Book 
Entry Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Book Entry Notes, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (ii) payment of principal 
and interest in currencies other than euros in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be (a) transferred, on the 
payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held 
by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda 
Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Participants, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa Participants from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of those Book Entry Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Book Entry Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Transfer of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, 
restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold 
such Book Entry Notes. No owner of Book Entry Notes will be able to transfer such Book Entry Notes, except 
in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuers under the Programme will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer for CGD Group’s general corporate purposes. If in respect of an issue of Notes there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate and other 
environmental purposes. Such Notes may also be referred to as “Green Notes”.  
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be 
for “green” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Notes”), the net proceeds from 
each issue of Green Notes (or an amount equal thereto) will be used for such purposes. For any Green Notes, 
such amount will be separately identified and applied by the relevant Issuer in financing and/or refinancing, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, Eligible Green Projects (as defined below) (as further described in the Green 
Finance Framework published on the CGD Group’s website (https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-
Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/Sustainable-Finance.aspx). 
 Pending the application of any net proceeds of Green Notes in financing the relevant Eligible Green 
Projects, such proceeds will be held by the relevant Issuer at its own discretion in cash and/or invested in short-
term liquid investments as indicated in the Green Finance Framework. If a project to which the net proceeds of 
any Green Notes are allocated ceases to fulfil the applicable eligibility criteria, the relevant Issuer will remove 
the same from the portfolio upon becoming aware of such ineligibility and endeavour to replace it with an 
eligible Green Project as soon as reasonably practicable. 
A report, as outlined in the Green Finance Framework, will be published annually by the Issuers with 
respect to each Series of Green Notes throughout their term. As noted in the Green Finance Framework, such 
reports will provide information on the allocation of the net proceeds of the applicable Series of Notes, 
including, inter alia, the portion thereof allocated to Eligible Green Projects, a description of projects being 
financed from such proceeds and the portion of such proceeds used for new financings versus refinancings. The 
Issuers may request an annual assessment on the alignment of the allocation of such proceeds with the Green 
Finance Framework’s criteria. 
For these purposes, “Green Project” means projects within the list of green categories with defined 
eligibility criteria in the Green Finance Framework at the applicable time (as such list is developed from time 
to time in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines).  
Neither the Green Finance Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or 
contents of any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section or elsewhere in this Prospectus are, 
or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CGD GROUP 
History and Introduction 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”) was created as a state bank by the legislative charter (“Carta 
de Lei”) of 10 April 1876, with the main functions of collecting and administering legally required or judicially 
ordered deposits and issuing and managing government debt. It gradually expanded its operations to become a 
savings and investment bank. CGD was converted by Decree Law no. 287/93 into a state-owned joint-stock 
company (“Sociedade Anónima de Capitais Exclusivamente Públicos”) on 20 August 1993, when its name was 
also changed to Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. CGD is a full-service bank. Its purpose consists of the provision 
of banking and investment services pursuant and subject to its articles of association and the limitations set out 
in the legislation applicable to Portuguese credit institutions and investment firms. 
CGD’s registered office is at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon, Portugal (tel.: (+351) 21 795 30 
00/(+351) 21 790 50 00). CGD is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole 
registration and taxpayer number 500 960 046. 
Between the first quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018, CGD implemented its 2017 
Recapitalisation Plan in three phases, as further described below. 
Ownership 
CGD is a public limited company (“sociedade anónima”) and is wholly owned by the Portuguese State. 
As such, it is regulated by the legislation applicable to public limited companies, in addition to the legislation 
applicable to Portuguese credit institutions and investment firms. The Portuguese State’s ownership of CGD is 
expected to be maintained and reinforced in the current context of the Portuguese financial system. However, 
CGD is fully autonomous from the Portuguese State in respect of administrative and financial matters. 
Recapitalisation Plan 
2017 Recapitalisation Plan 
In 2017, following the agreement between the Portuguese State and the European Commission for the 
recapitalisation of CGD, there was a capital increase made by the Portuguese State, in cash and in kind, made 
with the aim of maintaining CGD's total share capital in the public domain. 
Additionally, and in compliance with the criteria established at the time which allowed for such 
intervention not to be considered State aid, CGD issued Tier 1 securities amounting to €500 million and 
subscribed to by private investors. CGD specified that there would be an additional issue made within 18 
months. 
In June 2018 CGD completed the last stage of its Recapitalisation Plan with the issuance of €500 million 
Tier 2 own funds securities, once again placed exclusively with institutional investors of private sector. 
This issuance occurred following the agreement with DG Comp in 2018 to the effect that this type of 
issuance would be in compliance with the objectives set out in 2017 to strengthen capital ratios by replacing a 
second issuance of Additional Tier 1 securities. This concordance not only recognised the significant progress 
achieved by CGD in the implementation of its Strategic Plan 2017 - 2020 but also enabled significant cost 
reductions to be achieved as the yield was 5 percentage points down over the issuance of 2017. 
With this issue, CGD completed its Recapitalisation Plan with a total of €4,944 million. The successful 
completion of the Recapitalisation Plan implemented at different stages, and consequent reinforcement of its 
solvency, allowed CGD to focus on the implementation of its 2017-2020 Strategic Plan. 
Strategic Plan  
In the 2017-2020 Strategic Plan, CGD proposed to achieve the following defined objectives: 

Efficiency: to reduce operating costs, aiming to achieve a Cost-to-Income ratio in line with best 
practices of European banks - less than 43 per cent. in 2020;

Robustness: to reduce Non-Performing Loans (NPL) - less than 7 per cent. in 2020;

--- Page 108 ---
108 

Soundness: to maintain a capital ratio (CET1 - Common Equity Tier One) that complies with 
regulatory requirements and enable a relevant financial support to economic agents - of more 
than 14 per cent.; and 

Profitability: to generate an adequate remuneration of its equity (ROE - Return on Equity) - 
more than 9 per cent. in 2020. 
At the end of 2020, the NPL ratio stood at 3.9% and the CET1 ratio at 18.2 per cent., exceeding the 
objectives set. The ROE from consolidated activity and the current cost-to-income from domestic activity ratios, 
in the same period, stood at 6.1 per cent. and 49.8 per cent., respectively, below the defined objective. It is worth 
noting the reduction in income, resulting from low interest rate levels much lower than those that had been 
advocated at the time of setting the original targets - lower net interest income - and by the Covid-19 pandemic, 
which reduced transactions and commission income. The ROE lower than the target set is also a result from 
exceeding the equity target by 4 per cent. 
In April 2021, DG Comp notified CGD of its closure of the monitoring process of the 2017-2020 
Strategic Plan agreed between the Portuguese State and the European Commission in 2017. Thus, it can be 
concluded that the implementation of the assumed commitments was carried out successfully. The monitoring 
by DG Comp was initiated in June of 2012 with the issuance by CGD and underwriting by the Portuguese State 
of Capital Contingent Bonds (CoCo’s) and the succeeding state aid process which led to the 2013-2017 
Restructuring Plan, followed by the recapitalization process in 2017 with its 2017-2020 Strategic Plan. This 
notification concludes a long period of monitoring of CGD’s activity by the European authorities. 
In 2021, with the start of a new mandate of CGD’s Board of Directors, a new Strategic Plan for the 
period of 2021-2024 will be approved to guide further strategy. 
Corporate Governance 
The current corporate governance model has been in place since 31 August 2016 and ensures effective 
separation between management and oversight functions. CGD’s corporate bodies are the General Meeting 
(Assembleia Geral), the Board of Directors (Conselho de Administração), the Supervisory Board (Conselho 
Fiscal), the Statutory Auditor Firm (Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas) and the Secretary (Secretário). 
The General Meeting is conducted under the direction of a General Meeting Board (Mesa da Assembleia 
Geral). The members of the General Meeting Board, Board of Directors, Supervisory Board and the Statutory 
Audit Firm are elected at the General Meeting. As the Portuguese State holds the entire share capital of CGD, 
all members are selected by the Portuguese State. The Secretary is, however, appointed by the Board of 
Directors. 
The members of CGD’s corporate bodies are appointed for a term of four years and may be re-elected. 
The maximum number of successive terms of office of the members of the Board of Directors cannot exceed 
four terms, in accordance with CGD’s articles of association. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the management, administration and representation of CGD. 
The Board of Directors appoints the Executive Committee, to which the Board of Directors delegates wide 
management powers and the day-to-day management of CGD. 
Oversight functions are entrusted to the Supervisory Board, whose powers include supervising CGD’s 
management, ensuring compliance with the law and with CGD’s articles of association, verifying the accounts, 
supervising the procedure for preparing and disclosing financial information and the examination and auditing 
of CGD’s financial statements, as well as supervising the independence of the statutory auditor firm whose 
primary function is to examine and certify the accounts.  
Pursuant to the resolution of CGD’s sole shareholder of 25 January 2021, and acting upon supervisory 
evaluations and recommendations regarding CGD’s current management and supervision structure, CGD 
adopted the governance model provided in article 278 of the Commercial Companies Code, composed of a 
Board of Directors, in turn comprised of an Audit Committee and a Statutory Audit Company. This resolution 
shall take effect with the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors for the 2021-2024 mandate and 
upon approval by the Bank of Portugal according to article 34 of the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions 
and Financial Companies approved by Decree-Law No. 298/92.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Board of Directors 
The following members of CGD’s Board of Directors were elected for the 2017 to 2020 term. The elected 
Board of Directors has appointed the Executive Committee, which is composed of the executive members of 
the Board of Directors identified below. 
At the General Meeting, which took place on the 31 May, the members of the Board of Directors for the 
2021-2024 term were elected by way of a unanimous written resolution. 
As of 31 December 2020, CGD’s Board of Directors consists of the following members: 
Non-executive chairman 
 
Emílio Rui da Veiga Peixoto Vilar 
Vice-chairman and chief executive officer  
 
Paulo José de Ribeiro Moita de Macedo 
Executive member 
 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
Executive member 
 
João Paulo Tudela Martins 
Executive member 
 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Executive member 
 
José João Guilherme 
Executive member 
 
Maria João Borges Carioca Rodrigues 
Executive member 
 
Nuno Alexandre de Carvalho Martins 
Executive member 
 
Carlos António Torroaes Albuquerque 
Non-executive member 
 
Ana Maria Machado Fernandes 
Non-executive member 
 
José Maria Monteiro de Azevedo Rodrigues 
Non-executive member 
 
Hans-Helmut Kotz 
Non-executive member 
 
Mary Jane Antenen 
Non-executive member 
Non-executive member 
Non-executive member 
 
Altina de Fatima Sebastian Gonzalez Villamarin 
Nuno Filipe Abrantes Leal da Cunha Rodrigues 
Arlindo Manuel Limede de Oliveira 
Except as provided below, the members of the Board of Directors were elected on 31 January 2017 and 
took up office on 1 February 2017. Mrs. Maria João Borges Carioca Rodrigues was elected on 31 January 2017 
and took up office on 6 March 2017. 
On 17 March 2017, Ms. Ana Maria Machado Fernandes, Ms. Maria dos Anjos de Melo Machado Nunes 
Capote, Mr. João José Amaral Tomaz and Prof. José Maria Monteiro de Azevedo Rodrigues, who took up office 
on 20 March 2017, were all elected Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors. 
On 1 August 2017, Mr. Alberto Afonso Souto Miranda was elected Non-Executive Member of the Board 
of Directors and took up office on that same date. 
Mr. Carlos António Torroaes Albuquerque was elected Executive Member of the Board of Directors on 
2 August 2017 and took up office on that same date. 
On 19 October 2017, Professor Hans-Helmut Kotz was elected Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors and took up office on 19 October 2017. 
Ms. Mary Jane Antenen, elected Non-Executive Member on 4 April 2018, took up office on 5 April of 
the same year and Professor Altina de Fatima Sebastian Gonzalez Villamarin, elected Non-Executive Member 
of the Board of Directors on 5 April 2018, took up office on 6 April 2018. 
All of the abovementioned Members were elected for the 2017-2020 mandate, unopposed by the ECB 
in the light of the suitability assessment of the appointed Members. 
Non-Executive Board member, Ms. Maria dos Anjos Capote resigned with effect from 30 November 
2017. 
With effect from 30 April 2018, Mr. João José Amaral Tomaz resigned as Member of the Board of 
Directors.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
In addition, Non-Executive Board Member Mr. Alberto de Souto Miranda resigned on 17 February 2019 
following his appointment as Deputy Secretary of State of Communications at the Ministry of Infrastructure 
and Housing. 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. announces that, pursuant to the resolution of its sole Shareholder of 5 
July 2019, and upon regulatory approval by the ECB within the fit and proper assessment of the Members of 
the Management Body, Professor Nuno Filipe Abrantes Leal da Cunha Rodrigues has been appointed Non-
Executive Member of the Board of Directors of Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. for the remainder of the 2017-
2020 mandate, with effect from 5 July 2019, taking up office on 6 July 2019. 
Pursuant to CGD’s sole Shareholder resolution of 5 August 2020, and upon regulatory approval by the 
ECB within the fit and proper assessment of the members of the management body, Professor Arlindo Manuel 
Limede de Oliveira was appointed Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors of Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos, S.A. for the remainder of the 2017-2020 mandate, with effect from 5 August 2020, taking up office 
on 6 August 2020. 
The business address of each of the Members of the Board of Directors is the CGD’s head office, at Av. 
João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon. 
Position of the members of the Board of Directors in other companies of the Group 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Paulo José de Ribeiro Moita de 
Macedo 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Fundação Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos - Culturgest 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Banco Caixa Geral – Brasil, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Locarent – Companhia de 
Aluguer de Viaturas, S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Fidelidade – Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors
1st Vice-Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, 
S.A. 
BCG Angola 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Chairman of Board of 
Directors 
Caixa Leasing e Factoring, SFC, 
S.A. 
Banco Comercial do Atlântico – 
Cabo Verde 
João Paulo Tudela Martins 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
3rd Vice-Chairman 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino 
(Macau – China) 
Banco Comercial e de 
Investimentos, S.A. 
(Mozambique) 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Chairman of Directive 
Council 
Vice-Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações 
Banco InterAtlântico 
José João Guilherme 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, 
S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Caixa Leasing e Factoring, SFC, 
S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Fidelidade Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. 
Banco InterAtlântico

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Maria João Borges Carioca 
Rodrigues 
Chairman of the Directive 
Council 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações 
Caixa – Banco de Investimentos, 
S.A. 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, 
S.A. 
Nuno Alexandre de Carvalho 
Martins 
Vice-Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, 
S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Caixa Capital – Sociedade de 
Capital de Risco, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Caixa - Serviços Partilhados, 
ACE 
Carlos António Torroaes 
Albuquerque 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors  
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Banco Comercial e de 
Investimento, S.A. 
(Mozambique) 
Fidelidade Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Relevant activities of the members of the Board of Directors outside the Group 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Emílio Rui da Veiga Peixoto Vilar 
 
Non-executive member of 
the Board of Directors 
 
Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian 
Member of the Superior 
Council 
 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Chairman of the Board of 
Founders 
 
Fundação Casa Mateus 
Fundação Serralves 
Paulo José de Ribeiro Moita de 
Macedo 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Member of the Consulting 
Committee 
Guest Curator – Curator’s 
Council 
Member of the Consulting 
Committee 
 
Associação Portuguesa de Bancos 
Instituto Superior Técnico 
Fundação ARPAD SZENES – 
Vieira da Silva 
European Alliance for Global 
Health 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
João Paulo Tudela Martins 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
José António da Silva de Brito 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
José João Guilherme 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Fundação Eugénio de Almeida 
Maria João Borges Carioca 
Rodrigues 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
SIBS Forward Payment Solutions, 
S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Member of the Conselho 
de Curadores 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Member of Supervisory 
Board 
Vice-Chairperson of the 
Shareholders Meeting 
Member of the CIP 
Strategic Council of the 
Digital Economy 
 
SIBS SGPS, S.A. 
Fundação Universidade de Aveiro 
Fundação Ulisses (CGD’s 
representative) 
Porto Business School (CGD’s 
representative) 
Cotec Portugal (CGD’s 
representative) 
Confederação Empresarial de 
Portugal (CIP) 
Nuno Alexandre de Carvalho 
Martins 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
Carlos António Torroaes 
Albuquerque 
Member of the Conselho 
de Curadores  
 Centro de Estudos Avançados em 
Direito Francisco Soarez (CEAD) 
Ana Maria Machado Fernandes 
 
Faculty Council Member 
 
Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia 
da Universidade Nova de Lisboa 
José Maria Monteiro de Azevedo 
Rodrigues 
Statutory Auditor and 
Partner 
Sociedade Profissionais (ABC - 
Azevedo Rodrigues, Batalha, Costa 
& Associados, SROC, Lda.) 
 
Associated Professor 
ISCTE-IUL Instituto Universitário 
de Lisboa

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Associate Dean for the 
Finantial Area 
ISCTE – IUL Instituto  
Hans-Helmut Kotz 
Officer in charge of SAFE 
Policy Center 
 
Universidade Goethe (Frankfurt) 
Senior Consultant and 
Academic Advisory Board 
 
McKinsey & Co. 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Konstanz Seminar on Monetary 
Theory (Bona) 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Revue d’Économie Financière 
(Paris) 
Member of the Scientific 
Council 
Centre Cournot pour la Recherche 
en Économie 
Fellow and visiting 
Professor 
Honorary Professor 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Member of the Board of 
Editors 
 
Center for European Studies  
Harvard University 
Faculty of Economics and 
Behavioral Sciences, Freiburg 
University 
Credit and Capital Market 
Verteljahrsheftezljur 
Wirtschaftsforschung (Berlim) 
Mary Jane Antenen 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
 
Sonetec (FinTech-up) Switzerland 
Altina de Fátima Sebastian
Independent Member of 
the Board of Directors 
 
Grupo Empresarial San Jose 
Member of the Advisory 
Council 
Expansión and Actualidad 
Económica 
Councelor of the 
“Portugal in the World” 
Professor 
Professor 
 
Council of the Portuguese Diaspora 
Universidade Complutense 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa 
Nuno Filipe Abrantes Leal da 
Cunha Rodrigues 
 
Professor 
Vice-Chairman 
Vice-President 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
 
University Lisbon School of Law 
European Institute of the University 
of Lisbon School of Law 
Institute for Economic, Financial 
and Tax Law of the University of 
Lisbon School of Law 
Oficinas Gerais e Material 
Aeronáutico 
Arlindo Manuel Limede de 
Oliveira 
 
Full Professor 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Member of the Strategic 
and Innovation Council 
 
Instituto Superior Técnico 
INESC 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Member of the General 
Council 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Member of the CIP 
Strategic Council of the 
Digital Economy 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Portuguese Association for the 
Development of Information 
Systems (APDSI) 
Portuguese Association for 
Artificial Intelligence (APPIA) 
Heartgenetics S.A. 
Confederação Empresarial de 
Portugal (CIP) 
European Parliament’s Panel for 
the Future of Science and 
Technology 
Notes: 
“Not applicable*” means no activities outside the CGD Group. 
General Meeting Board 
The following individuals are the current members of the General Meeting Board of CGD appointed for 
the 2020 to 2023 term on 19 May 2020. The business address of such members is the CGD’s head office at Av. 
João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon. 
Chairman 
 
Paulo Mota Pinto 
Vice-Chairman 
 
Maria João Pessoa de Araújo 
Secretary 
 
Manuela Duro Teixeira 
Supervisory Board 
The following individuals are the current members of the Supervisory Board of CGD who were 
originally appointed for the 2016 to 2019 term but will now remain in office pursuant to an extension of 
functions until the next Supervisory Board election. The business address of such Supervisory Board Members 
is the CGD’s head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon. 
Chairman 
 
Guilherme Valdemar Pereira de Oliveira Martins 
Members 
 
António Luis Traça Borges de Assunção 
 
Manuel Lázaro Oliveira de Brito 
Position of the members of the General Meeting Board and Supervisory Board in other companies 
of the Group 
The members of the General Meeting Board and the Supervisory Board do not hold any positions in 
other companies of the Group.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Relevant activities of the members of the General Meeting Board and Supervisory Board outside 
the Group 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Paulo Mota Pinto 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
NOS SGPS, S.A. 
Maria João Passos de Araújo 
Manuela Duro Teixeira 
 
General Manager 
Not applicable* 
Finance and Treasury Directorate 
General 
Not applicable* 
Guilherme Valdemar Pereira de 
Oliveira Martins 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Caritas Portuguesa 
 
Executive Board Member 
 
Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian 
 
Corresponding Member 
 
Academia das Ciências de Lisboa 
 
Acting Member 
 
Academia da Marinha 
 
Academic Merit 
 
Academia Portuguesa da História 
 
Professor 
 
Universidade Lusíada 
 
Professor 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
President of the Conselho 
de Curadores 
Instituto Superior de Ciências 
Sociais e Políticas da Universidade 
Técnica de Lisboa (ISCSP) 
Irmandade de São Roque 
Universidade do Minho 
António Luis Traça Borges de 
Assunção 
 
. 
 
Manager 
 
VLX, Lda. 
 
Manager 
 
Sinvegere, Lda. 
 
Teacher 
 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa 
Manuel Lázaro Oliveira de Brito 
 
Manager 
DFK & Associados, Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
External Audit Firm and Statutory Auditor 
On 18 May 2017, CGD appointed Ernst & Young Audit & Associados - SROC, S.A. (“Ernst & Young”) 
as its Statutory Audit Company/External Auditor for the years 2017 to 2020. At the General Meeting that took 
place on 31 May 2021, CGD re-elected Ernst & Young as its Statutory Audit Company for the 2021-2024 term. 
As external auditors, Ernst & Young issued a report in respect of CGD’s consolidated financial statements for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and issued an unqualified opinion without emphasis of matter. As 
external auditors, Ernst & Young issued a report in respect of CGD’s consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 which contained an emphasis of matter concerning Covid-19, as set 
out below: 
“Emphasis of matter concerning COVID-19
The recent developments surrounding Covid-19 pandemic (Coronavirus) have a significant impact on 
the health of people and on our society as a whole; increasing uncertainty around the operational and financial 
performance of organisations. In note 44 to the consolidated financial statements are disclosures regarding the 
development of the pandemic together with the principal risks and challenges identified by the Board of 
Directors of CGD. On the basis of currently available information, the Board believes that the consequences of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
these developments on the activity of the Group and its ability to comply with its financial and economic 
objectives are uncertain, not being able to estimate the financial impacts including the valuation of financial 
and non-financial assets and the estimation of losses on the credit portfolio that may be recognised in the future. 
Our opinion is not modified by this matter.” 
Note 44 to the 2019 consolidated financial statements says the following: 
“Covid-19 pandemic 
The first months of 2020 were marked by the COVID-19 pandemic, a severe respiratory disease caused by the severe 
acute respiratory syndrome corona virus 2 (SARS-COV 2). The disease which was first identified in December 2019 
in Wuhan, a city in the People’s Republic of China is characterised by a high level of contagion and a higher mortality 
rate than other viruses of the same group (e.g. SARS) leading the World Health Organization to declare a pandemic 
on March 11, 2020. 
As a consequence of the spread of this disease, with cases having been confirmed in more than 200 countries, drastic 
across-the-board containment measures have been taken including restrictions on individual movements, border 
closures and restrictions on a wide range of economic activities. A state of emergency was declared in Portugal on 
March 18. This was the first time this has occurred in the framework of its current constitution. 
Worldwide economic activity at the present time is decelerating sharply and is indicative of a global recession with 
a high level of uncertainty over its depth and duration. 
The worldwide response to this situation from governments and central banks has included fiscal protection and 
monetary measures which are highly focused on stabilisang the financial conditions of diverse economic agents, 
protecting business and minimising the effects of loss of household income. 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos group’s activity, owing to its presence in several countries, has naturally been affected by 
the pandemic and its respective containment measures. CGD has defined a strategy based on prevention and the 
protection of its employees and consequent mitigation of operational risk for its companies’ business as set out in a 
specific contingency plan. To manage this plan a governance model has been introduced including the creation of a 
crisis management team reporting directly to the executive committee and responsible for: 

Coordinating CGD’s response to a crisis situation, applying emergency management principles to its 
business continuity policy;

Ensuring the implementation of the COVID-19 continuity plan;

Monitoring impacts on CGD;

Ensuring prompt, adequate internal and exernal communication;

Managing the performance of all areas involved. 
This was complemented by the creation of seven committees for the following areas, some of which meeting daily: 

Operational issues;

Macroeconomic scenarios and assessments of economic-financial impacts;

Risk assessments in various areas;

Business and customers in different segments;

International operations;

Relations with supervisors. 
The operational focus has been to protect the bank’s critical functions, namely its capacity to respond to its customers’ 
needs, either through its physical branch network with essential protection methods put in place or its remote access 
channels. In the case of critical functions, the respective teams were separated and a working-from-home solution 
devised which currently comprises more than 75% of the wokforce of central departments. Special attention was also 
paid to the principal suppliers of goods and services to CGD Group, to ensure that there will be no disruptions. 
CGD has taken a proactive approach to credit applying measures to minimise impacts, in line with those adopted by 
the government. In particular, the extension approval of the maturity of credit operations, the introduction of State 
and Associação Portuguesa de Bancos moratoria on most credit products and creation of specific lines of credit

--- Page 117 ---
117 
backed by mutual guarantee companies to mitigate the occasional and temporary treasury constraints of companies 
and individuals following the reduction of economic activity. Risk monitoring indicators were also reinforced, 
particularly in the business areas most affected by the crisis and by the effects of the containment measures adopted. 
Overall management has implemented an approach based on the anticipation of scenarios, analysis of impacts and 
preparation of the operating and monitoring measures for key indicators on various levels and structures of its 
governance model in such a way as to permit the transversal management of business areas, including international 
activities. 
We are currently in a mid-crisis. This is an unprecedented situation worldwide in which the number of people infected 
continues to grow with no concrete prospects on the lifting of the containment measures implemented, even if partial, 
by most countries and especially Europe which has been particularly affected by the pandemic. 
Although it is generally believed that 2020 will be a year of global recession, in line with the projections of several 
national and international organisations such as the International Monetary Fund and rating agencies, it is premature 
to anticipate possible impacts on the individual economies and CGD Group itself. 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos group has shown its capacity to respond to this crisis scenario either through its protection 
of people, employees and customers or the continuity of its operations and business areas. 
An impact on the group’s activity and its capacity to achieve its economic-financial goals has naturally been 
anticipated, even though with a degree of uncertainty. Its level will depend on multiple factors such as the depth of 
the economic crisis, its duration, the economic sectors most affected, type and impact of the monetary and fiscal 
policy to be implemented by diverse governments and economic blocs such as the European Union. Considering 
these uncertainties, it is not possible presently to estimate accurately the financial impacts of the pandemic crisis, 
with regard to the valuation of assets and the measurement of impairment losses in the credit portfolio, to recognize 
prospectively. 
The main identified risks and challenges are identified below: 
Business and Strategy 

Macroeconomic uncertainty in the different geographic locations in which the Group is present;

Acceleration of the digital transformation, as driven by a new societal organization, with less 
human contact, and the challenges to the traditional banking business model;

Geographical presence in certain areas of the global for which local contamination can be 
severely damanging (high population density, high human poverty index, poor quality health and 
accessibility infrastructures). 
Solvency 

Regulatory uncertainty regarding the financial solutions to be implemented in a context where 
the need to support households and corporations must be balanced with a temporary reduction of 
profitability;

Postponement of the stress exercise to 2021, which will have a boosting effect over the first 
quarter of 2020, directly affected by the pandemic;
Market 

Regulatory uncertainty regarding the financial solutions to be implemented in a context where 
the need to support households and corporations must be balanced with a temporary reduction of 
profitability;
Credit 

Capacity to maintain the current reduction strategy for NPLs, restricted by households and 
companies ability to service debt amidst the pandemic;

Even though the concentration risk has diminished in the past years, some large exposures could 
be particularly affected by the current crisis;

The capacity to maintain the current levels of exported goods and services by Portuguese 
corporations.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Operational 

Higher operational risk introduced by the need to rapidly develop new solutions and adapt 
internal processes to respond to the needs of the clients and to transition to new flexible and 
remore working;

The effects on supply chains, highly integrated in the daily processes and that will inevitably be 
affected by the pandemic nature in some instances could lead to the suspension of contractual 
agreements;

Significant behavioural changes that disrupt historic data trends and could render current risk 
models unsuitable to estimate losses 
Reputational 

The systemic significance of CGD in the Portuguese economic makes its strategy and actions an 
object of attention and scrutiny to the general public. This is particularly relevant in the current 
pandemic, where health issues are prioritised above economic and financial considerations. 
Technology and information 

Rapid and massive transition to tele-working, with higher demands on banking IT systems in 
terms of system configuration and monitoring of performance levels;

The increasing spread of cybercrime resulting from increased remote access, prominent use of 
digital channels and payment solutions, particularly encouraged by the need to reduce human 
interactions. 
Nothwithstanding this context and taking into consideration the best information available at the present time the 
board of directors considers that Caixa Geral de Depósitos is suitably prepared, in terms of capital, asset values and 
liquidity, to ensure the continuity of its operations and continue to provide its customers and the national economy 
with the necessary support.” 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to CGD of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or the Supervisory Board in respect of their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
Relationship with the Portuguese State 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 287/93 of 20 August 1993, as amended, CGD must remain fully owned by the 
Portuguese State at all times. CGD may, on a contractual basis, undertake special functions considered to be of 
national interest. 
CGD provides the Portuguese Government with banking and investment services in competition with 
other banks. CGD is also able to undertake any other functions specifically attributed to it by law, the manner 
and terms of which are defined in contracts entered into with the Portuguese Government. 
The rights of the Portuguese State as shareholder are exercised by a representative appointed in 
accordance with a regulation issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance. 
CGD and its sole shareholder are required to comply with the principles of corporate governance 
established under Decree-Law 133/2013, of 3 October, as lastly amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 December, 
which aims to establish corporate governance best practices in state-owned companies and ensure that the 
control exercised by the Portuguese State is not abused. 
These rules, amongst other things: (i) provide that the exercise of the Portuguese State’s rights as 
shareholder should observe high standards of transparency and, therefore, the members of the Government who 
exercise the shareholding rights of the Portuguese State shall be clearly identified; (ii) provide that the 
Portuguese State shall establish the strategic guidelines and targets to be met by CGD and shall actively 
participate in the general shareholders’ meetings; (iii) provide that the Portuguese State shall contribute to the 
establishment of principles of corporate responsibility and sustainable development and compliance by CGD, 
principles which should be evaluated annually by the Portuguese State; (iv) provide that the Portuguese State

--- Page 119 ---
119 
should ensure that CGD has adequate control and evaluation mechanisms, that the economic and financial 
information provided is accurate and reflects the actual situation of CGD and that CGD complies with best 
international and national corporate governance practices; (v) include rules on the structures of the 
administration and supervisory boards; (vi) include rules on remuneration and other rights; (vii) include rules 
on conflicts of interest and disclosure of material information; and (viii) provide that the Portuguese State shall 
act independently regarding the appointment of executive directors and also when acting as a client or as a 
service provider, taking into consideration market conditions. 
CGD annually discloses its level of compliance with these corporate governance practices in an annex 
to its audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the relevant financial year. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such annex is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Market Position 
The statements in this section relating to the CGD Group’s market position are based on calculations 
made by CGD using data produced by itself and/or obtained from other entities, which is contained or referred 
to in the management reports and information disclosed together with CGD’s financial statements for the 
financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. CGD is engaged in all areas of the Portuguese 
financial sector. It provides customers with a full range of financial products and services, ranging from 
traditional banking to investment banking, insurance, asset management, venture capital, brokerage, real estate 
and specialised credit services. 
CGD Group's branch office network, at the end of 2020, comprised 931 banking presences, 17 fewer 
than in the preceding year. As regards the evolution of its domestic geographical network, CGD continued to 
further its branch office network streamlining process by closing down 9 physical and 6 self-service branches 
across 2020 and opening one more new “Espaço Caixa” (Caixa space) as a new customer proximity model 
designed to provide a service to meet the requirements of smaller localities. This process was developed in full 
partnership with customers and the principal local stakeholders, as the bank’s most important assets in order to 
protect existing customer relationships.  
CGD ended 2020 with 511 active branches and Espaços Caixa, 13 self-service branches, 25 “corporate 
offices” and an additional 4 office extensions, 3 mobile units and one Caixa BI branch, coming to a total of 557 
presences in Portugal. CGD provides 3,521 items of self-service equipment, including 1,164 items of equipment 
on its own network (460 in-house machines and 704 bank passbook printers) plus 2,357 Multibanco network 
ATMs. 
The CGD Group carries out domestic investment banking operations through its investment bank 
(“CaixaBI”). 
In commercial terms, a 9.4 per cent. increase in customer deposits was indicative of customers’ 
confidence in and loyalty to CGD. This has enabled CGD to maintain its market share and leadership in 
Portugal. Loans and advances to companies in Portugal (excluding construction and real estate) were, in turn, 
up 2.7 per cent. and CGD continued to see an increase in its market share of mortgage agreements, which 
totalled 22.4 per cent. in 2020 and 24.5 per cent. in the last quarter, with an increase of 12 per cent. compared 
to 2019 in terms of annual volume. 
2020 was a key year in terms of the modernisation of physical (branch office) and technology (digital) 
platforms to service CGD’s customers, improve customer experience and strengthen customer ties with CGD. 
Accelerating digitalisation had a positive impact on business and the provision of service, which contributed to 
the significant improvement of customers’ perception of the CGD brand as the "Best Digital Bank" (up 17 
places compared to 2019). There were 1.8 million digital customers in Portugal, with more than 281 million 
accesses to the Caixadirecta service, which is up 21 per cent. compared to 2019. 
The "DABOX powered by Caixa” open banking solution is the national open banking market leader, 
with a 75 per cent. market share of the SIBS API market. SIBS API Market is a global and open application 
programming interface (“API”) platform that aims to give easy access to a wide range of API for financial 
services. SIBS API Market was developed to connect banks with third party providers for the development of 
new services and business models in the context of the recent Payment Services Directive (PSD2) and beyond. 
It is geared to innovation and a better user experience and was the first national application to permit transfers 
from other banks. It was “highly recommended” by the Banking Tech Awards.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
The strategic plan’s objective of simplifying and rationalising CGD group’s structure and concentrating 
on core activities was pursued, with the incorporation of Caixa Leasing e Factoring and Partang, SGPS, S.A. 
into Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. and, although not part of the strategic plan, investment in the share capital 
increase of Fidelidade - Companhia de Seguros S.A., in the form of an equity swap involving Multicare – 
Seguros de Saúde S.A. and Fidelidade Assistência - Companhia de Seguros, S.A., enabled a concentration of 
exposure to the insurance sector in a single company.  
CGD continues to focus on developing its client base and currently offers a wide range of financial 
products and services to its customers. The development of cross-selling of CGD Group company products, 
through its branch network, continues to be one of the main objectives of the CGD Group in the future. 
The Group’s Geographic Markets 
CGD Group continued to restructure its international presence in line with its strategic plan, focusing on 
geographies having strong relationships with Portugal. In 2020, the Spanish Branch and the Luxembourg 
Branch were closed and the process of disposing of Banco Caixa Geral Brasil and Banco Comercial do Atlântico 
(Cape Verde) continued. These operations were aimed at rationalising CGD Group’s international structure, 
enabling it to free-up capital and reduce its risk profile. Reference should be made to the opening of two new 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos (BCI) branches in Mozambique.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Group Structure
Set out below is a chart detailing the companies within the CGD Group and presenting CGD’s or its 
subsidiaries’ equity interest where appropriate, as at 31 December 2020.
Overview of Financial Information
Set out below in summary form are the audited consolidated financial statements (consolidated balance sheet, 
consolidated income statement and consolidated accounts) of the CGD Group for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020.
For further information, please also see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.
Consolidated Income Statement
(EUR Million) 
INCOME STATEMENT (CONSOLIDATED) 
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Interest and similar income 
1,828,091
1,482,206
-345,885
-18.9%
Interest and similar costs 
696,033
456,427
-239,606
-34.4%
Net interest income  
1,132,058
1,025,778
-106,279
-9.4%
Income from equity instruments 
31,496
18,539
-12,957
-41.1%
BANCO
COM. ATLÂNTICO
(Cabo Verde)
58,19%
BANCO
INTERATLÂNTICO
(Cabo Verde) 
70,0%
BANCO NACIONAL
ULTRAMARINO
(Macau)
100,0%
CAIXA CAPITAL
99,77%
A PROMOTORA
(Cabo Verde)
45,33%
CAIXA BANCO DE
INVESTIMENTO
99,77%
BANCO
CAIXA GERAL
BRASIL
100,0%
BANCO
CAIXA GERAL
ANGOLA
51,0%
B. COMERCIAL E 
DE
INVESTIMENTOS
(Moçambique) 
63,05%
OTHER 
COMMERCIAL BANKS 
HOLDING COMPANIES
INVESTMENT BANKING
VENTURE CAPITAL AND
BROKERAGE
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
CGD PENSÕES
100,0%
CAIXA GESTÃO 
DE ATIVOS, S.A
100,0%
CAIXA-
IMOBILIÁRIO 
100,0%
CAIXA – Serviços 
Partilhados, ACE 
90.0%
IMOBCI, Lda 
(Moçambique) 
46,31%
GROUPMENT 
D´INTEREST 
ECONOMIQUE 
(Paris) 
100,0%
PARBANCA
SGPS
100,0%
CAIXA
PARTICIPAÇÕES,
SGPS
100,0%
INMOBILIARIA
CAIXA GERAL
(Espanha)
100,0%
CAIXA GERAL
DE 
DEPÓSITOS

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. investm. 
1,163,553
1,044,317
-119,236
-10.2%
Fees and commissions income 
635,731
611,370
-24,361
-3.8%
Fees and commissions expenses 
139,144
114,199
-24,945
-17.9%
Net fees and commissions 
496,587
497,171
584
0.1%
Net trading income
82,529
49,730
-32,799
-39.7%
Other operating income 
130,681
35,139
-95,542
-73.1%
Non-interest income 
709,797
582,040
-127,757
-18.0%
Total operating income 
1,873,351
1,626,357
-246,993
-13.2%
Employee costs 
583,373
501,948
-81,425
-14.0%
Administrative expenses 
276,468
237,588
-38,880
-14.1%
Depreciation and amortisation 
94,255
95,828
1,573
1.7%
Operating costs 
954,096
835,363
-118,733
-12.4%
Net operating income before impairments 
919,254
790,994
-128,260
-14.0%
Credit impairment (net) 
-47,565
166,200
213,765
- 
Provisions and impairm. of other assets (net) 
-124,965
-12,349
112,616
- 
Provisions and impairments 
-172,530
153,851
326,381
- 
Net operating income  
1,091,784
637,143
-454,641
-41.6%
Income Tax 
332,045
174,218
-157,827
-47.5%
Current 
111,522
29,891
-81,631
-73.2%
Deferred 
193,494
116,463
-77,031
-39.8%
Contribution on the banking sector 
27,029
27,864
835
3.1%
Net op. inc. after tax before non-contr. int. 
759,739
462,924
-296,815
-39.1%
Non-controlling interests 
49,904
31,508
-18,396
-36.9%
Results of associated companies 
43,121
43,885
765
1.8%
Results of subsidiaries held for sale 
22,973
16,290
-6,683
-29.1%
Net income 
775,928
491,592
-284,337
-36.6%
Current Net Income (1)
(EUR Million)
2019-12
2020-12
Net income 
775.9
491.6
Non recurrent costs
143.6
41.6
Current net income 
632.3
450.0
a.
Current Net Income = Net Income – Non Recurrent Costs 
Consolidated net income for 2020 was €492 million, down 37 per cent. compared to 2019, and includes 
an extraordinary gain of €41.6 million after taxes, arising from actuarial gains in liabilities with post-

--- Page 123 ---
123 
employment benefits (pension fund and medical plan) as well as restructuring costs resulting from the staff 
reduction programme and the closure of the Spain and Luxembourg branches. In 2019, CGD’s results were also 
impacted by a non-recurring gain of €144 million due to the reversal of an impairment loss incurred in 2017 in 
connection with the sale process of its international subsidiaries Banco Caixa Geral (Spain) and Mercantile 
(South Africa).  
Thus, the current net income in 2020 was €450.0 million, which compares with €632.4 million generated 
in 2019, thus corresponding to a year-on-year reduction of 29.0 per cent. The return on equity for current activity 
was 5.6 per cent., down 2.5 per cent. compared to 2019. 
Net Interest Income 
In 2020 net interest income was down 9.4 per cent. by €106.3 million compared with the preceding year 
to €1,025.8 million mainly owing to some significant early amortization of credit to public entities that occurred 
in 2019 and by the maintenance of the fall in interest rates in 2020, particularly in the second half of the year.  
From January to December 2020, despite the maintenance of the downward trend in operating costs, the 
unfavourable evolution of total operating income impacted net operating income before impairment, which 
decreased by €128.3 million (14.0 per cent.) compared to the December 2019 amount.  
Year-on-year net commission earnings recorded a marginal increase of 0.1 per cent. Net trading income 
was €49.7 million, against €82.5 million recognised in 2019. 
In 2020 other operating income was down 73.1 per cent. by €95.5 million. This significant variation 
essentially derives from the impact of the capital gains from the sale of the Rua do Ouro building in 2019. 
As a result of these variations, total operating income generated by CGD in 2020 reached €1.626 million, 
a drop of €247 million (-13.2 per cent.) compared with 2019. 
In terms of positive contribution to the evolution of the results, reference should be made to the operating 
costs which totalled €835.4 million in 2020, corresponding to a 12.4 per cent. reduction compared with the 
previous year. 
Operating Costs 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total 
(%)
Employee costs 
583.4
501.9
-81.4
-14.0%
Administrative expenses 
276.5
237.6
-38.9
-14.1%
1,132
1,026
00
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
2019-12
2020-12

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Depreciation and amortisation 
94.3
95.8
1.6
1.7%
Total 
954.1
835.4
-118.7
-12.4%
This positive evolution was especially significant in the decrease of €81.4 million of employee costs 
( 14.0 per cent.).These costs include, in 2020, non-recurring costs of €72.1 million for early retirement and 
voluntary redundancy programmes and a positive impact of €70.7 million mentioned above, in respect of the 
actuarial gains in liabilities for post-employment benefits. The exclusion of these non-recurring impacts have 
resulted in a 6.1 per cent. reduction of employee costs. 
General administrative costs, in turn, were down 14.1 per cent. by €38.9 million. The recurring general 
administrative costs decreased by €40.4 million (-14.6 per cent.) compared to the same period of the previous 
year. Depreciation and amortisation increased €1.6 million (+ 1.7 per cent.), in 2020, partly due to investments 
made in technological platforms and particularly in digital platforms. Excluding the above referred to non-
recurring items the year-on-year reduction of operating costs as a whole was 7.9 per cent. 
Despite the aforementioned reduction in operating costs, cost-to-income, penalized by the reduction in 
total operating income, increased slightly, to 50.0 per cent. (49.8 per cent. in 2019). The cost-to-core income, 
which excludes the results of financial operations and non-recurring costs, decreased from 55.5 per cent. to 54.6 
per cent. 
Efficiency Ratios 
2019-12
2020-12
Cost-to-income (consolidated operations) (1)
49.8%
50.0%
Cost-to-core income (2)
55.5%
54.6%
Employee Costs / Total Operating Income (1)
30.4%
30.1%
Recurrent Employee Costs (2) / Total Core Oper. Income (3) (4)
32.7%
32.8%
Administrative Expenses / Total Operating Income 
14.8%
14.6%
Operating Costs / Average Net Assets (5)
1.1%
0.9%
Total Operating Income / Average Net Assets 
2.1%
1.9%
(1) Calculated in accordance with Bank of Portugal Instruction 6/2018.
(2) Recurrent employee costs = Employee costs – Non-Recurrent employee costs
(3) Cost-to-core income ratio = Operating costs /Total operating income of core activity. 
(4) Total operating income of core activity = Net interest income + net fees and commissions. 
(5) Average net assets = Average of 13 months observations 
Recurrent Employee Costs (1)
(EUR Million)
2019-12 
2020-12
Employee Costs 
583.4 
501.9
Non Recurrent Employee Costs
50.7 
2.0
Recurrent Employee Costs 
532.6 
500.0
1.
Recurrent employee costs = Employee costs – Non-Recurrent employee costs 
As a result of the referred to evolution, net operating income before impairments was down by €128.3 
million, reaching, nevertheless, €791 million.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Net operating income before impairments by segment of activity 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12 
2020-12
Total
(%)
Domestic commercial banking 
511.7 
507.7
-4.1
-0.8%
International activity 
270.3 
222.7
-47.6
-17.6%
Investment banking  
26.5 
12.0
-14.5
-54.6%
Other 
110.7 
48.6
-62.1
-56.1%
Net Operating Income before Impairments 
919.3 
791.0
-128.3
-14.0%
Reference should be made to the sale of subsidiaries in Spain and South Africa that occurred in 2019 
and was largely responsible for the reduction observed in the contribution of international activity to the group's 
net operating income before impairments. In 2020 these entities no longer had any contribution, while in 2019 
they still contributed during a significant period of the year. Also, the currency devaluation that occurred in 
some of the geographies, namely in the subsidiaries in Mozambique and Angola, led to a decrease in the result 
when translated into euros, compared to the previous year. 
In 2020 profitability was also affected by the preventive reinforcement of provisions and impairments 
designed to tackle the expected impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The reinforcement of provisions for banking 
guarantees reached €37.9 million, an increase of €47.8 million compared to 2019, while the reinforcement of 
credit impairments net of recoveries was up €213.8 million over the same period of the previous year, to €166.2 
million thus reflecting a prudent attitude towards the possible deterioration of the credit portfolio. 
Provisions and Impairment for Period 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12 
2020-12 
Total 
(%) 
Provisions (net) 
-22.5 
-26.1 
-3.6
- 
Credit impairment 
-47.6 
166.2 
213.8
- 
Impairment losses, net of reversals  
61.0 
271.3 
210.3
344.8% 
Credit recovery 
-108.6 
-105.1 
-3.5
-3.2% 
Impairments of other financial assets 
49.1 
30.8 
-18.4
-37.4% 
Impairments of other assets 
-151.6 
-17.0 
134.6
- 
Provisions and impairments for period 
-172.5 
153.9 
326.4
- 
Based on the above, the credit impairment aggregate reflects, in the period under analysis, a cost of credit 
risk of 33 basis points (“bps”), which compares with a negative credit risk cost (-9 bps) in 2019. Operating 
income was down 41.6 per cent. to €637.1 million, against €1,091.8 million in 2019.  
Income tax for 2020 amounted to €174.2 million against €332.0 million in December 2019. The referred 
to tax includes a banking sector contribution of €27.9 million in 2020.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The results of subsidiaries put up for sale amounted to €16.3 million, reflecting a reduction of €6.7 
million compared to the previous year given the sales were made in 2019. In turn, income from companies 
measured by the equity accounting method totalled €43.9 million, similar to the amount of the previous year. 
The referred to evolution resulted in consolidated net income of €491.6 million for CGD in 2020, against 
€775.9 million for the preceding year, down 36.6 per cent. 
Balance sheet 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
Assets 
2019-12 
2020-12 
Total 
(%) 
Cash and cash equivalents with central banks 
7,304 
10,278 
2,974 
40.7% 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
3,218 
3,312 
94 
2.9% 
Securities investments   
20,452 
23,445 
2,993 
14.6% 
Loans and advances to customers 
47,974 
47,903 
-71 
-0.1% 
Assets with repurchase agreement 
11 
14 
3 
29.3% 
Non-current assets held for sale  
1,333 
1,159 
-175 
-13.1% 
Investment properties 
186 
189 
3 
1.7% 
Intangible and tangible assets 
659 
681 
21 
3.3% 
Investm. in subsid. and associated companies 
462 
505 
43 
9.4% 
Current and deferred tax assets 
1,870 
1,751 
-119 
-6.4% 
Other assets 
2,307 
2,140 
-168 
-7.3% 
Total assets 
85,776 
91,375 
5,599 
6.5% 
Liabilities 
Central banks' and credit institutions' resources 
1,078 
2,040 
963 
89.3% 
Customer resources 
65,792 
72,033 
6,241 
9.5% 
Debt securities 
2,463 
1,371 
-1,092 
-44.3% 
Financial liabilities 
909 
921 
13 
1.4% 
Non-current liabilities held for sale  
981 
864 
-116 
-11.9% 
Provisions 
1,044 
1,037 
-07 
-0.7% 
Subordinated liabilities 
1,116 
1,117 
1 
0.1% 
Other liabilities 
3,827 
3,290 
-537 
-14.0% 
Sub-total 
77,210 
82,675 
5,465 
7.1% 
Shareholders' equity 
8,566 
8,701 
135 
1.6% 
Total 
85,776 
91,375 
5,599 
6.5% 
CGD’s consolidated net assets were up 6.5 per cent. compared with €85,776 million at end of the 
preceding year to €91,375 million at 31 December 2020. This evolution derived from the €2,993 million growth 
(+14.6 per cent.) in securities investments, and by cash and deposits with central banks which increased by 
€2,974 million (+40.7 per cent.) compared with December 2019, highlighting CGD's liquidity surplus.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Non-current assets held for sale were down 13.1 per cent. by €175 million. 
Total liabilities were up 7.1 per cent. by €5,465 million compared with December 2019. Special 
reference should be made to the 9.5 per cent. increase of €6,241 million in customer resources and central 
banks´ and credit institutions´ resources which were up 89.3 per cent. by €963 million. 
The contribution to consolidated net assets from the various Group entities was as follows: 
CGD Group’s Consolidated Net Asset – Outstanding Balances At 31 December 
(EUR Million) 
2019-12 
2020-12 
CGD'S GROUP 
Total
Structure
Total
Structure
Caixa Geral de Depósitos (1)
68,551
79.9%
77,551
84.9%
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, SA (Macau) 
787
0.9%
793
0.9%
Caixa Banco de Investimento 
579
0.7%
463
0.5%
Caixa Leasing e Factoring 
19
0.0%
20
0.0%
Banco Comercial do Atlântico (Cape Verde) 
216
0.3%
213
0.2%
BCG Angola 
154
0.2%
157
0.2%
Other companies (2)
15,470
18.0%
12,178
13.3%
Consolidated net assets 
85,776
100.0%
91,375
100.0%
(1) Separate activity; (2) Includes units consolidated by the equity accounting method. 
The securities investments balance, including securities with repurchase agreements and trading derivatives, 
was up 14.6 per cent. by €2,996 million compared with the preceding year amount to €23,459 million at the end of 
2020. This evolution was determined by the increase in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and by investments at amortized cost, which were up by €3,261 million and €2,238 million, respectively, 
compared to the end of 2019. 
Securities Investments (Consolidated) (a) - Outstanding Balances At 31 December) 
(EUR Million)
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%) 
Fin. assets at fair value through profit or loss 
7,835
5,333
-2,502
-31.9%
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
3,609
6,870
3,261
90.3%
Other investments at amortized cost 
9,019
11,257
2,238
24.8%
Total 
20,463
23,459
2,996
14.6%
(a) After impairment and includes assets with repo agreements and trading derivatives.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Credit 
The customer loan portfolio totalled €50,149 million, representing a slight increase compared with the previous 
year. 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Gross)
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Companies 
18,692
18,723
32
0.2%
General government 
3,176
3,171
-5
-0.2%
Individual customers 
28,255
28,255
0
0.0%
Mortgage loans 
26,067
25,948
-119
-0.5%
Other  
2,188
2,307
119
5.4%
Total 
50,122
50,149
27
0.1%
Loans and Advances by Corporate Sector 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
345
312
-33
-9.6%
Mining and manufacturing 
2,679
2,768
89
3.3%
Construction and real estate activities 
4,678
4,939
261
5.6%
Electricity, gas and water 
799
1,037
238
29.8%
Wholesale and retail trade 
2,089
2,273
184
8.8%
Transports and warehousing 
1,025
903
-122
-11.9%
Accommodation and restaurants 
690
868
178
25.8%
Consulting, scientific, technical and similar 
3,701
3,050
-651
-17.6%
Other 
2,686
2,575
-111
-4.1%
Total 
18,692
18,723
32
0.2%
Loans and advances to corporates were up 0.2 per cent. by €32 million. Reference should be made, in terms of 
activity sectors, to the increases in construction and real estate (+5.6 per cent.), electricity, gas and water (+29.8 per 
cent.), and wholesale and retail trade (+8.8 per cent.), which offset the reduction in consulting, scientific technical 
activities and similar.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
The loans and advances to individual customers balance of €28,255 million was similar to the one recorded in 
the previous year. 
Mortgage Credit – New Operations (Portugal) 
The adverse environment seen since the end of the first quarter of the year had the effect of slowing the rate of 
growth of new agreements significantly in some periods. 
However, special reference should be made to the very significant evolution dynamics recorded in the last 
quarter of the year, making it possible to reach, for 2020 as a whole, a total of 20,809 new mortgage lending operations 
totalling €2,319 million at CGD Portugal, which corresponds to an increase of €246 million in the contracted amount 
(+11.9 per cent.) compared with 2019. 
Loans and Advances to Customers – Market Shares (Portugal) 
Agriculture
2%
Mining and 
Manufacturin
g
15%
Construction 
and real estate
26%
Electricity, gas 
and water
6%
Retail sale
12%
Transportation
5%
Accomodatio
n and 
restaurants
5%
Consulting, 
scientific, 
technical and 
similar
16%
Others
14%
2,073
2,319
2019-12
2020-12
11.9%

--- Page 130 ---
130 
2019-12
2020-12
Corporate 
14.6%
14.5%
Individual customers  
19.7%
19.5%
Mortgage loans 
23.6%
23.3%
Consumer 
3.3%
3.8%
General government 
26.3%
25.9%
Total 
18.2%
18.0%
Source: Financial and Monetary Statistics – Bank of Portugal 
CGD’s credit market shares reached 18.0 per cent. in December 2020, 14.5 per cent. for corporate credit and 
23.3 per cent. for individual mortgage loans. 
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio
The NPL ratio was 3.9 per cent., against 4.7 per cent. in December 2019. If considered the total credit impairment, 
we achieve an NPL coverage ratio of 97.0 per cent. (total coverage ratio of 125.9 per cent. including assigned 
collaterals), giving an NPL ratio, net of impairment, of 0.05 per cent. This evolution also reflects increased 
impairment as a preventative measure in 2020.
47,974
47,903
65,710
71,918
2019-12
2020-12
Loans and advances to customers (net)
Customer Deposits
73.0%
66.6%

--- Page 131 ---
131 
NPL Evolution (1)
(1) NPL – Non Performing Loans – EBA definition.        
(2) NPL net of impairments. 
Asset Quality (Consolidated) 
2019-12
2020-12
NPL ratio (1)
4.7%
3.9%
NPE ratio (2)
3.8%
2.9%
Forborne ratio for loans and advances (3)
3.5%
3.4%
NPL coverage by impairments
79.3%
97.0%
NPE coverage by impairments
73.5%
91.3%
Coverage ratio on forborne loans and advances (3)
94.8%
89.2%
Crd. imp. (P&L) / Loans & adv. custom. (aver.) 
-0.09%
0.33%
(1) NPL - Non Performing Loans (EBA definition) (2) NPE - Non Performing Exposure (EBA definition) (3) EBA definition 
Resources 
The fact that customer resources increased their proportion of CGD’s total liabilities from 85 per cent. in 
December 2019 to 87 per cent. at the end of 2020 is clearly indicative of the characteristics of a bank geared to the 
Portuguese retail market, operating for the benefit of households and companies. 
Total resources taken from domestic activity were up 8.5 per cent. compared with the same period last year to 
€79,120 million at the end of 2020. Reference should be made to the performance of domestic customer deposits 
(increase of €6,791 million, +12.2 per cent.), confirming the commitment and confidence of CGD´s customers.  
10.6
-2.2
-1.8
-2.6
-1.3
2.7
-0.23
-0.17
-0.09
+0.11
2.3
NPL
2016-12
Cures
Recov.
Sales
Write-offs
and other
NPL
2019-12
Cures
Recov.
Sales
Write-offs
and other
NPL
2020-12
5.0(2)
0.6(2)
0.05(2)

--- Page 132 ---
132 
In Group terms the resources taken balance was up 6.6 per cent. by €5,987 million to €97,302 million compared 
with December 2019. A contributory factor was the 9.4 per cent. increase of €6,208 million in customer deposits. 
Resources Taken By Group – Balances 
(EUR Million)
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Balance sheet 
70,449
76,562
6,113
8.7%
Central banks' & cred institutions' resources 
1,078
2,040
963
89.3%
Customer deposits (Consolidated) 
65,710
71,918
6,208
9.4%
Domestic activity 
55,877
62,668
6,791
12.2%
International activity 
9,832
9,250
-582
-5.9%
Covered bonds 
2,290
1,258
-1,032
-45.1%
EMTN and other securities 
1,290
1,230
-59
-4.6%
Other 
82
115
33
40.4%
Off-balance sheet 
20,866
20,741
-125
-0.6%
Unit trust investment funds 
4,386
4,798
412
9.4%
Property funds 
796
931
135
16.9%
Pension funds 
4,100
4,435
335
8.2%
Financial insurance 
8,528
7,634
-893
-10.5%
OTRV Portuguese Government Bonds 
3,056 
2,942 
-114
-3.7%
Total 
91,315
97,302
5,987
6.6%
Total resources from domestic activity (1)
72,946
79,120
6,174
8.5%
(1) Includes customer deposits, investment funds, financial insurance, OTRV and other bonds, owned by customers. 
Customer deposits were up 9.4 per cent. compared with the end of December 2019, with a growth in domestic 
deposits (up 12.2 per cent. by €6,791 million) compensating for a decrease in international activity (a decrease of 5.9 
per cent. or €582 million). 
By category, €34,535 million (48.0 per cent. of total customer deposits) comprised term deposits and savings 
accounts. Sight deposits were up €5.2 billion compared with the end of 2019, to €37,084 million. Interest is not usually 
paid on sight deposits in Portugal in accordance with the respective SIS (Standardised Information Sheet).  
The reduction of off-balance sheet products in comparison to the same period last year derived from the 
financial insurance component and variable-income treasury bonds which were down 10.5 per cent. by €893 million 
and 3.7 per cent. by €114 million, respectively. The remaining components, on the other hand, showed positive 
variations: unit trust investment funds were up €412 million, real estate investment funds up €135 million and pension 
funds up €335 million. 
Customer Resources - Balances 
(EUR Million)

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Change 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Customers deposits 
65,710
71,918
6,208
9.4%
Sight deposits 
31,884
37,084
5,200
16.3%
Term and savings deposits 
33,543
34,535
992
3.0%
Mandatory deposits 
283
299
16
5.6%
Other resources 
82
115
33
40.4%
Total 
65,792
72,033
6,241
9.5%
Customer Deposits – Market Shares (Portugal) – By Customer Sector 
2019-12
2020-12
Corporate 
12.3%
12.9%
General government 
24.2%
33.2%
Individual customers  
29.0%
29.7%
Emigrants 
52.2%
53.6%
Total 
25.1%
25.8%
CGD retained its leading position in the domestic market with a 25.8 per cent. share of total deposits in 
December 2020. Individual customers’ deposits market share accounted for 29.7 per cent. 
Debt Securities 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2019-12 
2020-12 
Total
(%) 
Senior debt 
170 
114 
-56
-33.1%
Covered bonds 
2,290 
1,258 
-1,032
-45.1% 
Subordinated debt 
1,116 
1,117 
1
0.1% 
Other 
4 
0 
-4
-113.0% 
Total 
3,580 
2,488 
-1,092
-30.5% 
The total of securities, comprising debt securities and subordinated liabilities, stood at €2,488 million, which 
represented a decrease of 30.5 per cent. compared to the end of 2019. This evolution was due to the repayment of 
covered bonds. 
Liquidity 
CGD continues to enjoy ample liquidity, allowing it to redeem a covered bond for the amount of €1 billion in 
January 2020, without recourse to market refinance.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
In the sphere of Eurosystem monetary policy measures and in consideration of the alterations made by the ECB 
in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, CGD obtained €1 billion in funding from the ECB in the form of a TLTRO-
III in June 2020. 
Simultaneously, CGD increased the value of its assets on the Eurosystem collateral pool to €14.1 billion. This 
was an increase of €3.3 billion compared with the end of 2019, maintaining a high level of collateral available. 
The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) of 449 per cent., at the end of December 2020, was much higher than the 
current liquidity regulatory requirement of 100 per cent. In turn, the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) reached 173.0 
per cent. on the same date (156.0 per cent. in December 2019). 
Capital management 
Consolidated shareholders’ equity, at 31 December 2020, was up €135 million compared with 2019 to €8,701 
million, highlighting the evolution of other revaluation reserves, which recorded a positive evolution of €465 million 
(up 15.9 per cent.). 
Shareholders’ Equity (Consolidated) 
The other reserves reflected the change in actuarial assumptions of the pension fund, reduction of the discount 
rate to 1.05 per cent. (1.40 per cent. in December 2019), partially offset by actuarial gains in post-employment benefits 
liabilities. The other capital instruments account for an amount of €500 million and refers to the Additional Tier 1 
market issuance at the end of March 2017. 
The CET1 and Total ratios at 31 December 2020, calculated on a consolidated basis under CRD IV / CRR rules 
were 18.2 per cent. and 20.9 per cent., respectively, in phasing-in and full implementation. 
Solvency Ratios (Consolidated) 
(EUR Million)
CRD IV / CRR Regulation 
2019-12 
2020-12 
Own funds 
Common equity tier 1 (CET 1) 
7,493
7,620
Tier 1 
8,002
8,124
Tier 2 
637
624
Total 
8,639
8,748
Weighted assets 
44,325
41,819
Solvency ratios 
CET 1 
16.9%
18.2%
Tier 1 
18.1%
19.4%
Total 
19.5%
20.9%
In the assessment of its consolidated own funds and prudential ratios at 31 December 2020, communicated to 
the supervisor, a net profit of around €405.0 million was considered, in conformity with the ECB’s authorisation under 
no. 2 of article 26 of regulation (EU) 575/2013 and article 5 of ECB decision (EU) 2015/656 of 4 February 2015 (on 
the inclusion of provisional profit or end of period income in Tier 1 own funds).This amount was based on the 
prudential perimeter’s net accounting profit of around €489.5 million, net of around €84.5 million concerning the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
value of payment of dividends (amount determined pursuant to Recommendation ECB / 2020/62, of 15 December 
2020 on the payment of dividends during the Covid-19 pandemic). 
In the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, the ECB, on 27 March 2020, adopted recommendation 
ECB/2020/19(2) recommending that, at least until 1 October 2020, no dividends should be distributed and no 
irrevocable dividend payment commitments should be undertaken by credit institutions and that credit institutions 
should refrain from share buy-backs for the purpose of remunerating shareholders. This measure was intended to 
increase banks’ capacity to absorb losses and support loans to households and businesses during the Covid-19 
pandemic.  
The ECB thus admitted two situations, namely: 
a)
the maintenance of the initial dividend distribution proposal, but conditioning effective payment to a 
reassessment of the situation when the uncertainties caused by Covid-19 have disappeared (in any event not 
prior to 1 October 2020); and 
b)
a proposal for a change in the dividends policy pursuant to which no dividend will be distributed for 2019, 
committing to a possible distribution of reserves subject to a reassessment of the situation once the 
uncertainties caused by Covid-19 have disappeared (in any event not prior to 1 October 2020). 
Following this guideline, the shareholders’ meeting approved the non-distribution of dividends for 2019, with 
net profit being appropriated to free reserves, following deduction of the legal reserve (option b) of the ECB 
recommendation referred above). 
On 27 July 2020, the ECB extended this recommendation until 1 January 2021 based on the adoption of 
recommendation ECB/2020/35. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB issued a new recommendation (ECB/2020/62) on the distribution of dividends 
during the Covid-19 pandemic (repealing recommendation ECB/2020/35), considering, in general terms, that credit 
institutions deciding to make dividend distributions or undertake share buy-backs should comply with two limits: 15 
per cent. of the respective accrued profits for the financial years 2019 and 2020 or more than 20 bps in terms of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, whichever the lower. 
The variation of the CET1 ratio between December 2019 and December 2020 is explained by the improvement 
in own funds and reduction in Risk Weighted Assets (RWA). 
The increase of around €126 million in CET1 represents a positive contribution of 30 bps to the CET1 ratio 
and essentially comprises the contribution made by the following components: 

The amount of net profit authorised by the ECB and calculated in own funds (around €405 million) was 
the principal component making a positive contribution in accounting of 97 bps to the change in the CET1 
ratio; 

The reduction of the amounts of the deduction related to the fact that the prudential limits on own funds 
was exceeded by 10 per cent. and 17.65 per cent., in the total of around €100 million, which translated 
into a positive impact of around 24 bps to the change in the CET1 ratio; 

A negative variation of around €311 million in other reserves and retained earnings, which translated into 
a decrease of around 74 bps in the variation of the CET 1 ratio, essentially on account of the negative 
impact of around €147 million explained by exchange rate variations related to international activity, a 
negative variation of around €110 million in actuarial deviations related to employee benefits and 
additional Tier 1 interest charges (negative €54 million); 

A negative deduction of around €53 million of intangibles, translating into a negative variation of 16 bps 
in the CET1 ratio; and 

The decrease of around €13 million in revaluation reserves contributed to a negative impact of 4 bps to 
the change in the CET1 ratio. 
The reduction of around €2,505 million in RWAs was responsible for a 101 bps increase in the change in 
CET1 ratio and is essentially explained by the following factors:

--- Page 136 ---
136 
a)
Extension of the scope of the SME support factor, provided for in Regulation (EU) no. 873/2020, with a 
positive impact of around 20 bps on CET1; 
b)
Increase, by approximately €1,000 million, of the exposure guaranteed by the European Investment Fund 
or the Mutual Counter-Guarantee Fund. This increased exposure, offset by the decrease in unsecured 
credit, fits in the context of credit granted under the Covid-19 lines, with a positive contribution to the 
CET1 ratio of around 40 bps; 
c)
Reduction of BCI Mozambique's RWA through the metical exchange rate depreciation (MZN), with a 
positive contribution of 30 bps in the CET1 ratio. At BCG Angola, the reduction in RWA due to the 
devaluation of the Kuanza (AO) was offset by the worsening of the risk weight of the portfolio, as a result 
of the downgrade of the country rating; 
d)
Reduction of exposure to other debtors justified by the settlement of the sale transactions of non-
performing asset portfolios, reduction of the derivatives portfolio subject to counterparty credit risk and 
decrease of exposure in non-current assets held for sale, with a global positive contribution of 17 bps in 
CET1; and 
e)
Reduction of RWA for operational risk by €382 million, up 16 bps in CET1. 
SREP capital requirements on consolidated activity for 2020 
Based on Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) results, the ECB defined the minimum capital 
requirements (further detailed) starting 1 January 2020 on CGD's consolidated activity whereas the Bank of Portugal 
defined the amount of the additional own funds reserve required by its O-SII (“Other Systemically Important 
Institution”) status. 
In a letter issued on 4 December 2019, the minimum (phased-in) CET1 required of CGD on a consolidated 
basis is 10 per cent. This includes i) the minimum CET 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. required under Pillar 1; ii) the 
minimum CET 1 capital ratio of 2.25 per cent. required under Pillar 2 (P2R); iii) the capital conservation buffer (CCB) 
of 2.50 per cent.; iv) the 0.75 per cent. reserve for “Other systemically important institutions”; and v) the counter-
cycle own funds reserve of 0 per cent. 
However, as part of a set of initiatives to mitigate the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, the ECB informed 
CGD on 8 April 2020 of the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) amendment, dated 4 December 2019, 
maintaining the requirement for a total SREP capital requirement (TSCR) of 10.25 per cent. (of which 8 per cent. for 
Pillar 1 and 2.25 per cent. for Pillar 2 - P2R), in which the value of the P2R set for CGD, originally to consist 
exclusively of instruments classified as CET 1, would be changed to be 56.25 per cent. covered by CET 1 instruments, 
18.75 per cent. by AT 1 instruments and 25 per cent. by Tier 2 instruments, to be implemented from and including 
March 2020. 
CGD has a minimum phased-in CET1 requirement of 9.02 per cent., on a consolidated basis. It includes: i) a 
minimum CET1 of 4.5 per cent. required by Pillar 1; ii) a minimum CET1 of 1.27 per cent. required by Pillar 2 (P2R); 
iii) a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.50 per cent.; iv) the 0.75 per cent. reserve for “Other systemically 
important institutions”; and v) the own funds countercycle buffer of 0 per cent. (as defined by the Bank of Portugal 
for fourth quarter 2020). 
CGD must also comply with a minimum Tier 1 of 10.94 per cent. and total capital requirements of 13.50 per 
cent. in 2020. 
Phased-in capital ratios and SREP requirements for 2021  
In its last SREP Decision, the supervisor left the minimum requirements for CGD group unchanged and, 
according to the Bank of Portugal announcement of May 2020, it was decided to postpone for a year the gradual 
implementation period, defined in 2017 and revised in 2019, of the reserve of own funds for “other institutions of 
systemic importance” (O-SII). 
Therefore, the requirements for minimum ratios in 2021 remain at the same levels as in 2020.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
SREP - Capital Requirements (Consolidated) 
2020 and 2021 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
9.02% 
Pillar 1 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 Requirement 
1.27% 
Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB) 
2.50% 
Other Systemically Important Institutions (OSII) 
0.75% 
Tier 1 
10.94% 
Total 
13.50% 
MREL
CGD was informed by the single resolution board of its Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities (“MREL”) requirements during the first half of 2020. However, MREL requirement resolution is based on 
current legislation and is subject to a review by the supervisor over the course of time. CGD’s MREL requirements 
were consequently reviewed once again in February 2021, under the new European Banking Resolution Directive 
(BRRD2), under the following terms: 
From 1 January 2024, the requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to: 
• 
22.08 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent., 
corresponding to a total requirement of 25.58 per cent.; and 
• 
6.00 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
From 1 January 2022, under the intermediate requirement, the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
will be equivalent to: 
• 
19.63 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent.,
corresponding to a total requirement of 23.13 per cent.; and 
• 
6.00 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
The requirements apply to the sub-consolidated basis for the determined resolution perimeter (the European 
perimeter and Banco Nacional Ultramarino in Macau). The preferred resolution strategy is the “multiple point of 
entry” approach. On this date, a minimum subordination requirement was not applied to CGD. 
In assessing the MREL requirement, CGD considers that it is in line with its expectations and consistent with 
its financing plan that provides for the issuance of up to €2.0 billion of eligible liabilities by the end of 2023, in 
addition to the 2019 issue of senior non-preferred in the amount of €500 million. 
Rating 
In 2020, the expected deterioration of economic conditions in Portugal deriving from the Covid-19 pandemic 
and its expectable consequences on CGD’s profitability and balance sheet, led the rating agencies to take the following 
actions.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
In April 2020 Fitch Ratings left its IDR (Issuer Default Rating) on CGD’s long term senior debt unchanged at 
BB+, with a change of outlook from stable to negative. For the first time, Fitch also announced a BBB- rating on 
CGD’s deposits. This was one notch higher than the rating on senior debt and only one notch lower than the rating on 
Portuguese public debt. This rating reflects greater protection for deposits in the event of resolution. The rating agency 
lowered its rating on CGD’s tier 2 subordinated debt on the same date owing to alterations to its analysis methodology 
starting February 2020. 
Later in the year, in October, Fitch affirmed the ratings and outlook it had given CGD in April 2020. According 
to Fitch, the unchanged rating reflects the marked improvement CGD has achieved in its capital levels, operational 
efficiency and asset quality giving it the capacity to face and absorb the expected deterioration of economic conditions 
in Portugal. On the other hand, the negative outlook reflects a recessionary view of the Portuguese economy, in 
particular, if it proves to be deeper and more prolonged than current expectations. 
In December 2020, Moody's published an update of its Credit Opinion on CGD, explaining that the stable 
outlook of its ratings, which remain unchanged, is due to the expectation that CGD will be able to execute its funding 
plan in order to comply with the MREL requirements. 
In turn, in May 2020, DBRS Morningstar confirmed its long term issuer rating of BBB, its short term issuer 
rating of R-2 (high) and its long and short term deposit rating of BBB (high) and R-1 (low), respectively. The trend 
on these ratings was revised from “stable” to “negative”.  
In July 2020, DBRS Morningstar updated its Rating Report on CGD, stating that the trend in the above 
mentioned ratings is explained by the growing economic turmoil resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
consequent deterioration of the operating environment in Portugal. 
Credit ratings assigned by rating agencies to CGD at 31 December 2020 are summarized in the following table: 
CGD’S Rating 
Short Term
Long Term
Date (last 
assessment) 
Fitch Ratings 
B 
BB+ 
2020-10 
 
Moody’s 
P-3 
Baa3 
2021-07 
 
DBRS Morningstar 
R-2 (high) 
 
BBB 
2020-07 
 
Activity and Unaudited Financial Information for the First half of 2021 
CGD Group’s activity in the first six months of 2021 naturally continued to be affected by the epidemiological 
situation and containment measures taken by the competent authorities. CGD posted a consolidated profit of €294.2 
million in the first half of 2021, in comparison to a net profit of €248.6 million for the same period of the preceding 
year. This 18.3 per cent. increase was equivalent to a return on equity (ROE) of 7.2 per cent. 
Net interest income in the first six months of 2021 was down 8.4 per cent. by €43.6 million compared to the 
same period of the preceding year, having been particularly affected by lower market interest rates, which were directly 
reflected in portfolio indexers, in addition to across-the-board decreases of spreads on new operations owing to a 
competitive market. 
Net commissions were up 10.1 per cent. by €24.7 million compared to the same period of the preceding year. 
This increase is mainly supported by commissions associated with the placement of investment funds and financial 
insurance and, to a lesser extent, by commissions associated with means of payment, due to the resumption of 
economic activity that occurred in the second quarter. 
Income from financial operations also increased more sharply, having reached €122 million, thus recording a 
positive variation of €82.8 million compared to 2020. This was offset by the €15.2 million decrease of other operating 
income over the same period in 2020, essentially on account of the fact that no significant gains were made from real

--- Page 139 ---
139 
estate assets. Given the evolution of the different aggregates, CGD Group’s total operating income in the first half of 
2021 was up 5.9 per cent. by €47.9 million compared to the same period in 2020. 
Operating costs also had a very positive evolution, totalling €304.1 million in the first half of 2021. This positive 
evolution essentially derived from the sharp decrease of employee costs. This amount includes a non-recurring 
impact of €96.4 million, essentially owing to the provisions adjustments associated with post-employment benefits 
and adjustment of the costs foreseen with the pre-retirement programme. This impact is partially offset at the level 
of net income under provisions. The exclusion of such non-recurring factors would result in a 0.1 per cent. decrease 
of employee costs. General administrative costs, on the other hand, were down 8.1 per cent. by €9.1 million owing 
to continued improvements in the group’s operational efficiency. 
Operating income, up 22.7 per cent. by €83.1 million compared to the first half of 2020, was also positively 
impacted by the evolution of impaired credit, net of recoveries which was down €30 million compared to the first 
six months of 2020. Even so, the aggregate of provisions and impairments increased by €72.4 million compared to 
the same period of the previous year, reflecting a prudent attitude towards the current macroeconomic context. 
The impaired credit aggregate in the period under review reflects a cost of credit risk cost of 19 bps, in 
comparison to 31 bps for the first six months of 2020. 
Income from subsidiaries held-for-sale was up €1.7 million compared to the same period last year to €8.4 million. 
In turn, results from associated companies were up 66.3 per cent. by €10.5 million, compared to the same period 
of the preceding year, to €26.2 million. This evolution largely derived from the contribution of €19 million in income 
from Fidelidade Companhia de Seguros SA, up €7.8 million compared to June 2020, affected by first quarter 2020 
losses resulting from the impact of Covid-19. 
Balance Sheet 
At the end of first half 2021, CGD’s consolidated net assets were up 10.5 per cent. by €9,625 million, compared 
to December 2020, to €101 billion. This evolution particularly derives from the 81.7 per cent. increase of €8,397 
million in loans and advances to central banks, compared to December 2020, from resources deriving from the TLTRO 
programme and the evolution of the commercial gap arising from the strong increase in customer deposits despite the 
significant increase in the loan portfolio. 
Gross loans and advances to customers of €51,523 million were up 2.7 per cent. across the half year. 
CGD Portugal entered into 13,093 mortgage loan agreements for €1,572 million in first half 2021. This was 
up 52 per cent. by 4,471 operations and up 65 per cent. by €618 million compared to the same period of 2020. 
Special reference should be made this half year to the 5.4 per cent. growth of corporate loans in Portugal 
(excluding the construction and real estate sectors), which reflects CGD’s commitment to back the most dynamic 
sectors of the national economy. 
(EUR Million)
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
Restated
Change 
2021-06 vs 2020-12 
2020-12
2021-06
Total 
(%) 
CGD Portugal 
43,478
44,543
1,064
2.4%
Corporate 
15,761
16,278
517
3.3%
General government and other 
2,841
3,268
427
15.0%
Individual customers 
24,586
24,996
410
1.7%
Mortgage loans 
23,782
24,172
389
1.6%
Other 
804
825
21
2.6%
Other CGD Group companies 
6,670
6,981
310
4.7%

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Total 
50,149
51,523
1,374
2.7%
Note: Gross loans and advances to customers 
CGD achieved an 18 per cent. share of the domestic credit market in May 2021, with 15 per cent. for 
corporate loans and 23 per cent. for mortgage loans to personal customers. 
Customer deposits were up 6.3 per cent. by €4,508 million compared to the end of 2020, essentially on 
account of higher levels of household savings, deriving from restrictions on consumption, as a consequence of the 
pandemic and respective lockdowns. 
CGD retained its leading position in the national market, both in terms of total customer deposits with a 
May 2021 market share of 26 per cent. and personal customers’ deposits with a market share of 30 per cent. 
Total resources taken from domestic activity at the end of June 2021 were up 5.6 per cent., compared to 
December 2020, to €83,566 million. The increase in off-balance sheet products in the same period essentially derived 
from the unit trust investment funds component which was up 19.6 per cent. by €941 million. The other variable-
income treasury bonds component was down 11.9 per cent. by €351 million, as a result of the maturity of some 
bonds.  
(EUR Million)
RESOURCES TAKEN  
Change 
2021-06 vs 2020-12 
2020-12
2021-06
Total 
(%) 
Balance sheet 
76,562
85,808
9,246
12.1%
Central banks' & cred instit. resources 
2,040
6,771
4,730
231.8%
Customer deposits (Consolidated) 
71,918
76,426
4,508
6.3%
Domestic activity 
62,668
66,505
3,837
6.1%
International activity 
9,250
9,921
672
7.3%
Covered bonds 
1,258
1,254
-4
-0.3%
EMTN and other securities 
1,230
1,204
-26
-2.1%
Other 
115
153
38
32.9%
Off-balance sheet 
20,741
21,412
672
3.2%
Investment funds 
4,798
5,739
941
19.6%
Real estate investment funds 
931
930
-1
-0.2%
Pension funds 
4,435
4,508
73
1.6%
Financial insurance 
7,634
7,645
10
0.1%
OTRV Portuguese Governm. Bonds 
2,942
2,591
-351
-11.9%
Total 
97,302
107,220
9,918
10.2%
Total resources (domestic activity) (1) 
79,120
83,556
4,435
5.6%
(1) Includes customer deposits, investment funds, financial insurance, OTRV and other bonds, owned by customers.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
The loans-to-deposits ratio, as a reflection of the sharp increase in deposits, totalled 64 per cent. in June 
2021, in comparison to 68 per cent. in June 2020. 
Asset quality continued to trend to improvement with NPLs (non-performing loans as defined by the EBA) 
down 11.1 per cent. by €281 million, compared to June 2020, owing to the positive evolution of cured credit and 
recovery components. The NPL ratio stood at 3.2 per cent. in comparison to 4.4 per cent. in June 2020. The overall 
volume of impaired credit resulted in a coverage ratio of 103.8 per cent. (total coverage of 134.5 per cent. including 
the allocation of collateral), resulting in an NPL ratio net of impairment of 0 per cent. This evolution also reflects 
higher levels of impaired credit in 2020 and the first half of 2021. 
Liquidity 
Under Eurosystem monetary policy measures, CGD raised further funding of €2.3 billion from the European 
Central Bank in June 2021, increasing the overall amount of financing obtained from the third series of targeted 
longer term refinancing operations (TLTRO-III) to €5.8 billion. 
In parallel, CGD Group increased the value of its assets in the Eurosystem collateral pool of €18.9 billion, 
resulting in an increase of €4.8 billion in comparison to the end of 2020, maintaining a large amount of available 
collateral (€13.1 billion). 
The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) of 393 per cent., at the end of June 2021, was much higher than the current 
liquidity regulatory requirement (100 per cent.). 
Capital 
Consolidated shareholders’ equity was up €701 million, compared to the same period of 2020, to €9,234 million 
at 30 June 2021. Other reserves and retained earnings registered an increase of €607 million, (up 17.4 per cent.), 
largely justified by the incorporation of the positive results, deducted from the dividend paid. 
“Other capital instruments” of €500 million refers to the market issue of additional tier 1 funds securities 
at the end of March 2017. 
(EUR Million)
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Change 
2020-06 vs. 2021-06 
2020-06 
2021-06 
Total 
(%) 
Share capital 
3,844 
3,844 
0 
0.0%
Other capital instruments 
500 
500 
0 
0.0%
Revaluation reserves 
237 
269 
32 
13.6%
Other reserves and retained earnings 
3,489 
4,096 
607 
17.4%
Non-controlling interests 
214 
231 
17 
7.8%
Net income 
249 
294 
46 
18.3%
Total 
8,533 
9,234 
701 
8.2%
The fully loaded CET1, Tier 1 and Total ratios, (including net income for the period) were 18.9 per cent., 
20.0 per cent. and 21.5 per cent. respectively, meeting CGD’s current capital requirements. These ratios, which are 
above the Portuguese and European average, show CGD's robust and adequate capital position.
MREL
CGD was informed of the Single Resolution Board’s decision to revise its MREL requirements under the 
European Banking Resolution Directive (BRRD2) in first the half of 2021. Starting on 1 January 2024, CGD’s own 
funds and eligible liabilities must be equivalent to 25.58 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets (including a 
combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent.) and a total leverage exposure of 6 per cent.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
From 1 January 2022, pursuant to the interim requirement, the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities to 
be held is equivalent to 23.13 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets (including a combined buffer requirement of 
3.5 per cent.) and a total leverage exposure of 6 per cent. 
To fulfil its MREL requirements, CGD estimates a need to issue approximately €2 billion in eligible 
liabilities in the form of preferred and non-preferred senior debt by the end of 2023, together with the non-preferred 
senior debt issuance of €500 million which took place in 2019. 
The MREL requirement resolution is based on current legislation and is subject to a review by the supervisor 
in due course 
Domestic and International Activity 
Domestic activity’s contribution to CGD Group’s net income in the first half of 2021 was up 12 per cent., to 
€232.7 million, in comparison to €207.8 million for the same half of the preceding year.  
Two positive factors made a decisive contribution to this growth in net income: the 10% increase in income 
from services and commissions and the €84.2 million increase in income from financial operations together with the 
33.2 per cent. reduction of operating costs.  
Net interest income and income from equity instruments were down €32.6 million and €1.1 million, 
respectively. However, the evolution of income from financial operations was highly favourable with an increase of 
€84.2 million. 
The evolution of income from services and commissions, comprising an increase of €20.7 million in the same 
period, was also highly positive. 
Core operating income was up by a year-on-year €84.4 million from €250 million to €334.4 million (33.8 per 
cent.). This increase is due to the exceptionally favourable evolution of operating costs (down €97.3 million) and, to 
a lesser extent, the €20.7 million increase in commissions earnings which offset the €33.6 million reduction in net 
interest income, including income from equity instruments. 
In the first half of 2021, impaired credit net of reversals was up €8.3 million compared to the same period of 
2020 in order to address the possibility of a deteriorating credit portfolio arising from the current context. 
(EUR Million)
Domestic Activity 
International Activity 
CONTRIBUTION TO CONSOLIDATED P&L (*) 
Change 
Change 
2020-06 2021-06 Total 
(%) 
2020-06 2021-06
Total 
(%) 
Net interest income 
332.1
299.5
-32.6
-9.8%
188.5
176.8
-11.7
-6.2%
Income from equity instruments 
4.9
3.8
-1.1
-22.4%
0.0
0.3
0.3
-
Net fees and commissions 
206.5
227.2
20.7
10.0%
37.1
41.4
4.3
11.6%
Net trading income 
20.3
104.5
84.2
414.8%
19.0
17.8
-1.2
-6.3%
Other operating income 
16.3
-1.4
-17.7
- 
-0.3
-0.2
0.2
- 
Total operating income 
580.0
633.7
53.7
9.3%
244.2
236.1
-8.1
-3.3%
Employee costs 
179.7
82.5
-97.1
-54.1%
73.6
69.0
-4.5
-6.3%
Administrative expenses 
80.9
76.6
-4.3
-5.3%
44.9
37.4
-7.5
-16.7%
Depreciation and amortisation 
32.9
37.0
4.1
12.5%
13.2
12.5
-0.7
-5.3%
Operating costs 
293.5
196.1
-97.3
-33.2%
131.6
119.0
-12.7
-9.6%
Net operating income before impairments 
286.6
437.5
151.0
52.7%
112.6
117.1
4.5
4.0%

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Credit impairment (net) 
28.9
37.3
8.3
29.1%
49.1
10.7
-38.4
-78.2%
Provisions and impairments of other assets (net) 
-48.1
45.5
93.6
- 
3.2
12.0
8.8
275.0%
Net operating income  
305.8
354.8
49.0
16.0%
60.3
94.4
34.1
56.5%
Income Tax 
112.2
146.9
34.7
30.9%
11.5
22.7
11.2
97.4%
Net operat. inc. after tax and before non-
controlling interests 
193.6
207.9
14.3
7.4%
48.8
71.7
22.9
46.9%
Non-controlling interests 
1.5
1.1
-0.3
-26.7%
14.8
18.8
4.0
27.1%
Results from subsidiaries held for sale 
0.0
0.0
0.0
- 
6.7
8.4
1.7
25.4%
Results of associated companies 
15.6
26.0
10.3
66.7%
0.1
0.3
0.1
-
Net income  
207.8
232.7
25.0
12.0%
40.8
61.5
20.7
50.7%
(*) Pure intragroup transactions with no impact on consolidated net income are not eliminated. 
The international business area’s contribution to consolidated net income in June 2021 was up 50.6 per 
cent., compared to the first half of 2020, to €61.5 million. The main contributions to income from international 
activity in the first half of 2021 were from BNU Macau (€24.7 million), BCI Moçambique (€13.9 million) and CGD’s 
France branch (€9.1 million). 
In the first half of 2021, total operating income from international activity was down 3.3 per cent. 
compared to the same half of the preceding year. In turn, the performance of operating costs was favourable, with a 
9.6 per cent. reduction of €12.7 million. The contribution to the CGD Group from international activity is partly due 
to the €29.5 million decrease of net provisions and impairment. 
Consolidated accounts and separate accounts 
(EUR Thousand)
Consolidated Activity 
Separate Activity 
INCOME STATEMENT 
Change 
Change 
2020-06 
2021-06 
Total
(%) 
2020-06 2021-06
Total
(%) 
Interest and similar income 
781,950
689,554
-92,396
-11.8% 554,041 499,532
-54,509
-9.8%
Interest and similar costs 
262,047
213,268
-48,779
-18.6% 205,363 166,653
-38,710
-18.8%
Net interest income   
519,903
476,285
-43,618
-8.4% 348,678 332,879
-15,799
-4.5%
Income from equity instruments 
4,922
4,097
-825
-16.8%
85,315
68,527
-16,788
-19.7%
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. investm. 
524,825
480,382
-44,443
-8.5% 433,993 401,406
-32,587
-7.5%
Fees and commissions income 
297,738
324,905
27,167
9.1% 246,814 266,036
19,222
7.8%
Fees and commissions expenses 
54,138
56,590
2,452
4.5%
42,210
44,384
2,174
5.2%
Net fees and commissions 
243,600
268,314
24,714
10.1% 204,604 221,652
17,048
8.3%
Net trading income 
39,393
122,242
82,849
210.3%
31,770
98,723
66,953
210.7%
Other operating income 
3,012
-12,174
-15,186
- 
-6,220
-18,072
-11,852
- 
Non-interest income 
286,005
378,383
92,378
32.3% 230,154 302,303
72,149
31.3%
Total operating income 
810,830
858,765
47,935
5.9% 664,147 703,709
39,562
6.0%
Employee costs 
253,205
151,558 -101,647
-40.1% 183,592
89,447
-94,145
-51.3%

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Administrative expenses 
112,371
103,302
-9,069
-8.1%
84,995
79,513
-5,482
-6.4%
Depreciation and amortisation 
46,108
49,248
3,140
6.8%
35,125
39,359
4,234
12.1%
Operating costs 
411,685
304,108 -107,577
-26.1% 303,713 208,319
-95,394
-31.4%
Net operating income before impairments 
399,145
554,657 155,512
39.0% 360,434 495,389 134,955
37.4%
                 Credit impairment (net) 
78,000
47,978
-30,022
-38.5%
48,479
27,440
-21,039
-43.4%
Credit impairment 
146,679
90,168
-56,511
-38.5% 115,678
67,934
47,753
-41.3%
Credit recoveries 
-68,679
-42,190
26,489
- 
-67,209
-40,493
26,715
- 
Provisions for reduction of employees 
-74,486
35,422 109,908
- 
-74,205
35,422 109,627
- 
Provisions for guarantees and other commitments 
35,104
-281
-35,385
- 
34,045
-618
-34,663
- 
Other provisions and impairments 
-5,568
22,342
27,910
- 
9,209
8,943
-266
-2.9%
Provisions and impairments 
33,050
105,461
72,411 219.1%
17,528
71,188
53,660 306.1%
Net operating income  
366,095
449,196
83,101
22.7% 342,907 424,202
81,295
23.7%
Income Tax 
123,709
169,617
45,908
37.1% 104,904 146,149
41,245
39.3%
Current 
9,654
37,944
28,290
293.0%
-6,053
21,307
27,360
- 
Deferred 
86,079
102,941
16,862
19.6%
83,280
96,287
13,007
15.6%
of which Contribution on the banking sector 
27,976
28,733
757
2.7%
27,677
28,555
878
3.2%
Net op. inc. after tax and before non-controlling int. 
242,386
279,578
37,192
15.3%
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Non-controlling interests 
16,265
19,980
3,715
22.8%
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Results of associated companies 
15,770
26,230
10,460
66.3%
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Results of subsidiaries held for sale 
6,703
8,378
1,675
25.0%
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Net income 
248,594
294,206
45,612
18.3% 238,003 278,053
40,050
16.8%
Note: Jun 21 figures includes leasing contracts which are previously the business of subidiary CLF. This unit incorporated into Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
on December 31st, 2020 
(EUR Million)
Consolidated Activity 
Separate Activity 
BALANCE SHEET 
Change 
Change 
2020-12 
2021-06 
Total
(%) 
2020-12 
2021-06 
Total
(%) 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equiv. with central banks 
10,278
18,675
8,397
81.7%
9,513
17,711
8,198
86.2%
Loans and advances to credit instit. 
3,312
3,022
-290
-8.8%
2,129
1,996
-133
-6.3%
Securities investments   
23,445
23,415
-30
-0.1%
24,866
24,339
-528
-2.1%
Loans and advances to customers 
47,903
49,207
1,304
2.7%
44,174
45,229
1,055
2.4%
Assets with repurchase agreement 
14
122
109
782.5%
0
109
109
-
Non-current assets held for sale  
1,159
1,144
-15
-1.3%
208
192
-16
-7.8%
Investment properties 
189
192
4
1.9%
8
8
0
0.0%
Intangible and tangible assets 
681
677
-4
-0.6%
517
499
-18
-3.4%
Invest. in subsid. and assoc. companies 
505
509
3
0.7%
1,301
1,301
0
0.0%

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Current and deferred tax assets 
1,751
1,643
-108
-6.2%
1,699
1,593
-107
-6.3%
Other assets 
2,140
2,395
256
12.0%
1,035
1,168
133
12.9%
Total assets 
91,375
101,000
9,625
10.5%
85,452
94,145
8,693
10.2%
LIABILITIES 
Central banks' and cred. instit. resources 
2,040
6,771
4,730
231.8%
2,532
7,290
4,759
188.0%
Customer resources 
72,033
76,579
4,546
6.3%
65,978
69,931
3,953
6.0%
Debt securities 
1,371
1,355
-16
-1.2%
1,371
1,355
-16
-1.2%
Financial liabilities 
921
644
-277
-30.1%
921
636
-284
-30.9%
Non-current liabilities held for sale  
864
848
-16
-1.8%
0
0
0
-
Provisions 
1,037
927
-110
-10.6%
996
887
-109
-11.0%
Subordinated liabilities 
1,117
1,103
-14
-1.3%
1,117
1,103
-14
-1.3%
Other liabilities 
3,290
3,538
249
7.6%
4,730
4,684
-45
-1.0%
Sub-total 
82,675
91,766
9,092
11.0%
77,645
85,887
8,242
10.6%
Shareholders' equity 
8,701
9,234
533
6.1%
7,807
8,257
451
5.8%
Total 
91,375
101,000
9,625
10.5%
85,452
94,145
8,693
10.2%

--- Page 146 ---
146 
DESCRIPTION OF CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, FRANCE BRANCH 
General 
CGD’s operations in Paris commenced with the opening of a branch in 1974. In 2001, the CGD Group 
completed its restructuring process for its French operations, pursuant to which Banque Franco Portugaise was 
merged into Caixa Geral de Depósitos and its assets absorbed by the France branch of CGD (“CGDFB”). The 
two institutions were officially merged on 26 October 2003. CGDFB ‘s address is 38 Rue de Provence, 75009 
Paris, France. 
Business 
CGDFB is geared to the “natural” market comprising the Portuguese community in France and is one 
of CGD Group’s major foreign operations. The branch also caters for other communities (particularly 
Portuguese speaking communities) and also assists Portuguese companies operating in France, both in the 
sphere of bilateral trade between the two countries and in the sphere of freedom to provide services. 
It was in an uncertain macroeconomic context, marked by the Covid-19 pandemic and that of a banking 
market in the midst of a technological and regulatory revolution, characterized by exacerbated competition in 
an environment of historically low interest rates that the branch pursued its domestic activity in 2020. Credit 
distribution stands out with an increase of 7.8 per cent. compared to last year, as well as the resource taking in 
the form of customer deposits (+11.4 per cent.) and transfers to Portugal (-1.8 per cent.). 
Reference should be made to the branch's efforts in granting loans guaranteed by the State (PGE) and 
moratoriums, with €86.5 million of PGE, corresponding to 886 operations. With regard to non-performing 
credit, the branch's rigorous monitoring, which translated into less than 1 per cent. of default in irregular 
situations on 31 December, stands out. 
The branch's activity in the French market generated an operating result of €23.7 million, a decrease of 
27.4 per cent. compared to the previous year. This increase was due to the slight increase in operating costs 
(+3.4 per cent.), proportional to the total operating income (+2.7 per cent.), but above all, the important 
reinforcement of impairments and provisions (up €9.5 million) anticipating possible future losses. Even so, the 
achieved net result was positive, amounting to €15.5 million. 
CGDFB remains committed to promoting bilateral business between Portugal and France and actively 
contributes to the promotion of the sale of CGD Group properties in the French market, although this activity, 
that includes, inter alia, the participation in the salons of the Portuguese real estate in France, has been reduced 
due to the pandemic. 
France Branch – Indicators 
(EUR Million) 
Change 
2020-12 vs 2019-12 
2019-12
2020-12
Total
(%)
Net interest income
70.7 
72.1 
1.5 
2.1% 
Total operating income 
95.8 
98.4 
2.6 
2.7% 
Operating costs 
59.9 
62.0 
2.0 
3.4% 
Net op. income before impairments
35.8 
36.4 
0.6 
1.6% 
Provisions and impairments 
3.2 
12.7 
9.5 
300.1% 
Net income
29.2 
15.5 
-13.7 
-47.1% 
Net assets 
3,057.9 
3,248.1 
190.1 
6.2% 
Loans and adv. to customers (net) 
2,474.8 
2,668.2 
193.4 
7.8% 
Customer deposits 
2,543.7 
2,779.9 
236.3 
9.3%

--- Page 147 ---
147 
CGDFB’s contribution to CGD Group’s consolidated net income in 2020 was €16.3 million.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
TAXATION 
Portugal  
General 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may be 
relevant to decisions regarding the purchase of Notes. Notably, the following general discussion does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser of the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the 
date of this Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, 
under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. 
Notes issued by CGDFB are subject to the following specific tax considerations 
Payments to be made by CGDFB of interest and principal on Notes issued by it to an individual or legal 
person non-resident in Portuguese territory for tax purposes, are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax 
whenever those payments correspond to costs or charges concerning the activities of that branch. If that is not 
the case, pursuant to Orders (Despachos) no. 935/2006 – XVII, of 31 July and no. 1132/2006 – XVII, of 12 
September, both of the Secretary of State for Fiscal Affairs (Secretário de Estado dos Assuntos Fiscais), the 
Portuguese tax authorities consider that interest derived from notes, issued by Portuguese resident entities, 
acting through their branches located outside Portuguese territory which proceeds are transferred to the head 
office or other branches, shall be deemed to be obtained in Portuguese territory and therefore payment of such 
interest to entities with no residence, head office, effective management or permanent establishment in Portugal 
is subject to withholding tax at the rate of 25 per cent. (in case of legal persons) or at the rate of 28 per cent. (in 
case of individuals) or at the rate of 35 per cent. in the case of investment income payments made to (i) accounts 
opened in the name of one or several account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties and the 
relevant beneficial owners of the income is/are not identified; or (ii) individuals and legal persons domiciled in 
a country, territory or region subject to a tax regime which is clearly more favourable, included in the blacklist 
approved by Order issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance (currently Portaria no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time), which may be reduced as a rule between 5 and 15 per cent. according 
to applicable double taxation treaties, if any, entered into by the Portuguese Republic and other countries, 
subject to certain formalities being met, and even eliminated if certain exemptions are applicable. 
Notes issued by CGD are subject to the following specific tax considerations: 
The economic advantages deriving from interest amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other 
types of remuneration arising from Notes issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes acquired on the secondary market are 
qualified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General Tax Regime Applicable to Debt Securities 
Resident 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that 
income unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the current 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax 
rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence 
the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special 
tax rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between such gains and gains on other securities and 
losses on securities unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the 
current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €50,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as interest, rather than as capital gains, for tax purposes. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and 
are subject to corporate income tax at a 21 per cent. rate or at a 17 per cent. rate on the first €25,000 in the case 
of small or small and medium-sized enterprises, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (“derrama 
municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. A state surcharge (“derrama estadual”) also applies at 
3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in 
excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000 and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. As 
general rule, withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is 
deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Financial institutions subject to tax in Portugal, pension 
funds, venture capital funds or undertakings for collective investment incorporated and operating under the 
laws in Portugal and some other exempt entities are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence, the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Non-resident 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per 
cent. which is the final tax on that income. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-
resident legal persons without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. which is the final tax on that income. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. applies in the case of investment income payments to individuals 
or companies domiciled in a “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 
of 13 February, as amended, from time to time. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced as a rule to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the 
applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax 
authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may 
apply at source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes may 
be available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation 
unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 
February, as amended (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis), from time to time. Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not entitled to 
said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate. Under the tax treaties entered into by 
Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income tax, but the applicable rules should 
be confirmed on a case by case basis. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for 
tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident entity is more than 25 per cent. 
directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, 
territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list 
approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from time to time (Lista dos 
países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the 
tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income tax, but 
the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Special Debt Securities Tax Regime 
Resident 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that 
income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive 
rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part of the 
taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. The relevant tax shall be withheld by the relevant direct registering entity. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special 
tax rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between such gains and gains on other securities and 
losses on securities unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, subject to tax at the 
current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as interest, rather than as capital gains, for tax purposes. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and 
are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate or at a 17 per cent. tax rate on the first €25,000 in 
the case of small or small and medium-sized enterprises, to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. A state surcharge (“derrama estadual”) also 
applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable 
profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000 and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of 
€35,000,000. 
As general rule, withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, 
which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. The relevant tax shall be withheld by the relevant 
direct registering entity. Financial institutions subject to tax in Portugal, pension funds, venture capital funds 
and collective investment undertakings incorporated under the laws in Portugal and some exempt entities are 
not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates 
applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Non-resident 
Pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005, 
investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of the Notes, to 
non-Portuguese resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt

--- Page 151 ---
151 
securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes 
in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a 
managing entity established in an EU Member State other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area 
Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters 
existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered above provided 
that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and 
the beneficiaries are: 
(i)
central banks or governmental agencies; or
(ii)
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or
(iii)
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement; or
(iv)
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in 
a blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial order no. 150/2004, as amended. 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these procedures (which are 
aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder), the beneficial owner is required to hold the Notes 
through an account with one of the following entities: 
(v)
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened;
(vi)
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered 
entities”, is a client of the latter; or
(vii)
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
The special regime approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to 
be followed on the proof of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the Instruments to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is required to obtain and retain proof, in the form described 
below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the 
proof of non-residence should be provided to, and received by, the direct register entities prior to the relevant 
date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), and, in the case of 
domestically cleared Notes, prior to the transfer of Notes, as the case may be. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Domestically Cleared Notes 
The beneficial owner of Notes must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory substantially 
in the terms set forth below: 
(i)
If a holder of Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international organisation 
recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the holder of Notes, 
duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below;
(ii)
If the beneficial owner of Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision regime or 
administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax

--- Page 152 ---
152 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration confirming the legal existence of the holder of Notes and its domicile; or (C) proof 
of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below;
(iii)
If the beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective investment 
undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or jurisdiction with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force, certification 
shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the 
entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming 
its legal existence and the law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the 
terms of paragraph (iv) below;
(iv)
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities or, (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued 
by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only 
indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) is not acceptable. There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents, in 
particular that the holder of Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the 
date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3-year period 
starting on the date such document is issued. 
In cases referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, proof of non-residence is required only once, 
the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any changes that impact the entitlement to the 
exemption. The holder of Notes must inform the register entity immediately of any change that may preclude 
the tax exemption from applying. 
Internationally Cleared Notes 
If the Notes are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the relevant date 
for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), the entity managing such system 
is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the identification and number of securities, as well 
as the income and, when applicable, the tax withheld, itemised by type of beneficial owner, as follows: 
(i)
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax;
(ii)
entities domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from 
time to time, which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax;
(iii)
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are exempt from tax and are not subject to withholding tax;
(iv)
other non-Portuguese resident entities. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register entity, 
in relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, if applicable, identification 
of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree Law No. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions 
shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, 
tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005. 
The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Notes within 6 months from the date the 
withholding took place. A special form for these purposes is yet to be approved. 
The refund of withholding tax after the above 6 months period is to be claimed to the Portuguese tax 
authorities through an official form available at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt, within 2 years from the 
end of the year in which tax was withheld. The refund is to be made within 3 months, after which interest is 
due. 
France
The description below is only intended as a basic summary of certain French withholding tax 
consequences that may be relevant to holders of Notes issued by CGDFB who do not concurrently hold shares 
of the Issuers. This summary is based on the laws of France (as interpreted by the tax authorities and case law) 
currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date of this Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, 
possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. This description is for general information only and does not 
purport to be comprehensive. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional 
tax adviser. 
Notes issued as from 1 March 2010 
Pursuant to the French General Tax Code, payments of interest and other revenues made by CGDFB, in 
its capacity as issuer, with respect to Notes issued on or after 1 March 2010 (other than Notes (described below) 
which are assimilated (assimilables) for the purpose of French law with Notes issued prior to 1 March 2010 
having the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French General Tax Code) will not be subject to the withholding 
tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code unless such payments are made outside 
France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of Article 
238-0 A of the French General Tax Code (a “Non-Cooperative State”), other than those mentioned in Article 
238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French General Tax Code. If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French General Tax Code, a 75 
per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions 
of any applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other revenues on 
such Notes will not be deductible from CGDFB’s taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on a bank account opened in a financial institution 
established in such a Non-Cooperative State. Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and 
other revenues may be characterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Article 109 of the French General 
Tax Code, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax 
set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code, at a rate of (i) 12.8 per cent. for payments 
benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 
1 January 2021 and 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2022 for payments benefiting legal 
entities which are not French tax residents, or (iii) 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the French General Tax Code 
(subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax nor, to the extent the relevant 
interest or other revenues relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the 
non-deductibility set out under Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code (and therefore the withholding 
tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code which may be levied as a result of such non-
deductibility) will apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes if CGDFB can prove that the main purpose and 
effect of such issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in 
a Non-Cooperative State (the “Exception”). Pursuant to the French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-
DG-20-50-20 n°290 dated 24 February 2021, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 n°150 dated 24 February 2021, BOI-
RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40 dated 20 December 2019, and BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60, n°10 dated 
20 December 2019) an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without CDGFB having to provide any 
proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(i)
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411.1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the registration or 
submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or
(ii)
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, 
or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or
(iii)
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
payment and delivery systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Notes assimilated (assimilables) with Notes issued before 1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by CGDFB, in its capacity as issuer, with respect to (i) 
Notes issued (or deemed issued) outside France as provided under Article 131 quater of the French General Tax 
Code, before 1 March 2010 and whose term has not been extended as from such date and (ii) Notes issued on 
or after 1 March 2010 and which are assimilated (assimilables) with such Notes, will continue to be exempt 
from the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code. 
Notes issued before 1 March 2010, whether denominated in Euro or in any other currency, and 
constituting obligations under French law, or titres de créances négociables or other debt securities issued under 
French or foreign law and considered by the French tax authorities as falling into similar categories, are deemed 
to be issued outside the Republic of France for the purpose of Article 131 quater of the French General Tax 
Code, in accordance with the French administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30, n° 40 to 90 
dated 20 December 2019. 
In addition, interest and other revenues paid by CGDFB on Notes issued before 1 March 2010 (or Notes 
issued on or after 1 March 2010 and which are to be assimilated (assimilables) for the purpose of French law) 
will be subject neither to the non-deductibility set out under Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code nor 
to the withholding tax set out in Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code solely on account of their 
being paid or accrued to persons established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account 
opened in a financial institution established in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A of the 
French General Tax Code, subject to certain limited exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received 
from by individuals fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other similar revenues paid to individuals 
fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
The United States
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) and, only as specifically addressed 
below under “FATCA Withholding”, certain U.S. tax considerations applicable to non-U.S. investors. This 
summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may 
be issued under the Programme, and the relevant Final Terms may contain additional or modified disclosure 
concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. 
This summary deals only with purchasers of Notes at the “issue price” (as defined below) in the initial offering 
that are U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all aspects of 
U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters described 
herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by particular investors (including

--- Page 155 ---
155 
consequences under the alternative minimum tax or net investment income tax), and does not address state, 
local, non-U.S. or other tax laws. In particular, this summary does not discuss all of the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws 
(such as financial institutions, insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred 
accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part 
of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons that 
have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes 
in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. citizens or lawful permanent 
residents living abroad, persons required for U.S. federal income tax purposes to accelerate the recognition of 
any items of gross income with respect to the Notes as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable 
financial statement, or investors whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar). Moreover, the summary deals 
only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning Notes 
with a longer term will be discussed in the relevant Final Terms. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organised under the laws 
of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject 
to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able 
to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic 
trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner and the activities 
of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by the 
partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to 
change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Bearer Notes (including Exchangeable Bearer Notes while in bearer form) are not being offered to U.S. 
Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS 
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT 
THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF 
OWNING THE NOTES, INCLUDING THEIR ELIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS UNDER AN 
APPLICABLE INCOME TAX TREATY, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, 
NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
Characterisation of the Notes 
The discussion below assumes that Notes issued under the Programme will be classified as indebtedness 
of the relevant Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The determination whether an obligation represents 
a debt or equity interest, or another form of financial instrument, is based on all the relevant facts and 
circumstances, and courts have held that obligations purporting to be debt constituted equity (or some other 
form of financial instrument) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, depending on the terms of a 
particular Series or Tranche of Notes, the Notes may not be characterised as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes despite the form of the Notes as debt instruments. If a particular Series or Tranche of Notes are not 
characterised as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then the U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder would be materially different than as 
described below. In the event that the relevant Issuer determined that there was a significant likelihood that a 
Series or Tranche of Notes would not be characterised as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing such Notes will be discussed in a 
supplement to the Prospectus. Each prospective investor should consult its own tax adviser about the proper

--- Page 156 ---
156 
characterisation of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the consequences to such investor of 
acquiring, owning or disposing of the Notes. 
Payments of Interest 
General 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency, composite currency or basket of 
currencies other than U.S. dollars (a “foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not 
“qualified stated interest” (each as defined below under “Original Issue Discount – General”), will be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on such U.S. Holder’s 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, reduced by the allocable amount of amortisable 
bond premium, subject to the discussion below. Interest paid by an Issuer on the Notes and original issue 
discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original Issue 
Discount”) generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States. 
Effect of Portuguese and French Withholding Taxes 
As discussed in “Taxation – Portugal” and “Taxation – France”, payments of interest made to U.S. 
Holders may, in some circumstances, be subject to Portuguese or French withholding tax, as applicable. In those 
circumstances, the relevant Issuer is (except if an exception applies in accordance with the Conditions of the 
Notes) liable for the payment of additional amounts to U.S. Holders (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Taxation – Additional Amounts”) so that U.S. Holders receive the same amounts they would have received had 
no such withholding taxes been imposed. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders will be treated as 
having received the amount of taxes withheld by the relevant Issuer with respect to a Note, and as then having 
paid over the withheld taxes to the relevant taxing authorities. As a result, the amount of interest income 
included in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes by a U.S. Holder with respect to a payment of 
interest or OID may be greater than the amount of cash actually received (or receivable) by the U.S. Holder 
from the relevant Issuer with respect to the payment. 
Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder generally will be entitled to a credit against its U.S. federal 
income tax liability, or a deduction in computing its U.S. federal taxable income, for income taxes withheld by 
the relevant Issuer. Interest will generally constitute “passive category income” for purposes of the foreign tax 
credit. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of Portuguese and French withholding taxes. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised as contingent 
payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event an Issuer issues contingent payment 
debt instruments, the relevant Final Terms will describe the material U.S. federal income tax consequences 
thereof. 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated 
redemption price at maturity” over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. 
of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). 
An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an 
“instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price 
at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at 
maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the 
sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial 
amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, 
brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or 
wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note 
that are not payments of “qualified stated interest.” A qualified stated interest payment is generally any one of 
a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed

--- Page 157 ---
157 
rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances 
described below under “Variable Interest Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. 
Solely for purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, the relevant Issuer will be deemed to exercise any 
call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise 
any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly 
greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includable in income by a U.S. 
Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each 
day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note 
(“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual period” a pro rata
portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length 
selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is 
longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the 
final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of 
(a) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the 
Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period 
and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of interest on the 
Note allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any 
accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual 
period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not interest 
payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess of its 
adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does not make the election 
described below under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”, is permitted to reduce the 
daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in 
the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is 
the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of 
qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted issue price. 
Market Discount 
A Note generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a “Market Discount Note”) if the 
“revised issue price”, in the case of a Discount Note, or the stated principal amount of the Note exceeds the 
amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s revised issue price 
or stated principal amount, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years from the date acquired by 
the U.S. Holder to the Note’s maturity. If such excess does not cause the note to be a Market Discount Note, 
then such excess constitutes “de minimis market discount.” For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note 
generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased 
by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note generally will be treated as 
ordinary income to the extent of the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a 
Market Discount Note may avoid such treatment by electing to include market discount in income currently 
over the life of the Note. This election applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the 
electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year for which the election is made. This election 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not 
elect to include market discount in income currently may be required to defer deductions for interest on 
borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible when paid or 
incurred to the extent of income from the Market Discount Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds 
such income, such excess is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion of the 
market discount allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Market Discount Note was held by 
the U.S. Holder.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Market discount on a Market Discount Note will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder 
elects to accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Note with 
respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-
yield method described above under “Original Issue Discount – General,” with certain modifications. For 
purposes of this election, interest includes interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount and de minimis
market discount, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under “Notes Purchased at a 
Premium”) or acquisition premium. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it 
is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield 
method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will 
be treated as having made the election discussed above under “Market Discount” to include market discount in 
income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of 
this election. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will bear 
interest at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under Treasury 
regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt 
instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due under the 
Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de minimis amount and (b) it provides for stated interest, 
paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one 
or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate 
that is a qualified inverse floating rate. 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in 
which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute 
a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to 
the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, 
increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more 
qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the 
term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis 
points of each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified 
floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a 
cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a 
qualified floating rate unless the cap or floor is fixed throughout the term of the Note. 
Under proposed Treasury Regulations, Notes referencing an IBOR that are treated as having a qualified 
floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because the terms of the Notes 
provide for a replacement of the IBOR in the case of a Benchmark Event (as applicable). In particular, under 
the proposed regulations, the IBOR referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a single qualified 
rate. Taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations adopting the rules are published in 
the Federal Register. The Issuers intend to rely on these proposed regulations. Investors should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the consequences to them of the potential occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as applicable).  
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or more 
qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an objective 
rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the relevant Issuer (or a related party) or that is 
unique to the circumstances of that Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the 
relevant Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the 
credit quality of the relevant Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so 
designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate 
Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during 
the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater

--- Page 159 ---
159 
than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified 
inverse floating rate” is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, 
as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in 
the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial 
period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate 
for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is intended to 
approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value 
of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute 
either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be 
set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no 
earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following 
that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate 
or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then any 
stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of 
the relevant Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, 
a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will generally 
not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount 
(i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de minimis amount. 
OID on a Variable Interest Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the 
constant-yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case 
of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified 
inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate 
Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will 
be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual 
of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a Variable Interest Rate Note must 
be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate 
equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the 
Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided 
for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies 
as a “variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or 
more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a 
qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a 
qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an 
otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating 
rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note is then converted into an “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified stated 
interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate 
adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or 
paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that such amounts differ from the 
actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference to 
an index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate Note will be 
treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of Variable 
Interest Rate Notes that are treated as contingent payment debt obligations will be more fully described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fungible Issue 
An Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders of outstanding Notes, issue additional Notes with 
identical terms. These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series 
as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In 
such a case, the additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with OID even if the original Notes 
had no OID, or the additional Notes may have a greater amount of OID than the original Notes. These 
differences may affect the market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise 
distinguishable from the original Notes. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the relevant Issuer under 
the Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new notes issued by the new 
obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital gain or loss 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new notes 
(as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Notes. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in 
obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable bond premium,” in 
which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year with respect to interest 
on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note’s yield 
to maturity) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other than bonds the 
interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder 
at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, 
and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also “Original Issue Discount – Election to Treat All 
Interest as Original Issue Discount”. 
Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis of the 
Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any 
OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, 
of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income 
with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. The 
amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable 
as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. 
Except to the extent described above under “Original Issue Discount – Market Discount” or “Original 
Issue Discount – Short Term Notes” or attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or 
loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain 
or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the Notes exceeds one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder 
on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount 
of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based

--- Page 161 ---
161 
on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest 
payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two 
methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in 
effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a 
U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the 
basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that 
spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable 
year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the 
accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars 
at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments 
held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of 
receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. 
dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, 
a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same 
manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon receipt of an 
amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of the Note), a U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will 
be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, the 
accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period 
(or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued 
market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does 
not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the sale or retirement of the Note, 
the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued 
market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium 
that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the foreign currency. On the 
date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange gain 
or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the 
amount of such bond premium (i) on the date such bond premium offsets interest income and (ii) on the date 
on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Notes. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other 
than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
Sale or Retirement 
As discussed above under “Sale and Retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain 
or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or 
retirement and its adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note that is denominated 
in a foreign currency will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency generally will be the U.S. 
dollar value of such amount on the settlement date of such sale or retirement in the case of a cash basis U.S. 
Holder, or the trade date in the case of an accrual basis U.S. Holder. On the settlement date, an accrual basis 
U.S. Holder generally will recognise U.S. source foreign currency gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) equal to the difference (if any) between the U.S. dollar value of the amount received (as adjusted for any 
amortised bond premium, if any) based on the exchange rates in effect on the trade date and the settlement date. 
Any such exchange rate gain or loss (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued 
but unpaid interest) will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement. 
However, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury 
Regulations, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may elect to determine the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised 
on the sale or other taxable disposition of the Notes based on the settlement date, and no exchange gain or loss 
will be recognised on such date. 
Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and 
cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax 
basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that is 
purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of 
purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to 
purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” is required to disclose its participation to 
the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may be 
required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds 
the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual 
or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders) and to disclose its investment by filing Form 
8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in 
all other cases is generally imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS 
with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the application of these rules. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Payments of principal, interest, and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale or other disposition 
(including exchange) of Notes, by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary will be reported to the IRS 
and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding may apply to these 
payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer 
identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with applicable certification 
requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers about these rules and any other reporting obligations that may apply to the ownership or 
disposition of Notes, including requirements related to the holding of certain foreign financial assets. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” 
may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail 
to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Each Issuer believes it is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal and France) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six

--- Page 163 ---
163 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional 
notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.
Luxembourg
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of tax consequences in relation to the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax 
position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect subject to certain exceptions (as described below), no 
Luxembourg withholding tax is due on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or 
repayments of principal. 
Luxembourg non-residents 
Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to non-resident individual Noteholders are no longer 
subject to any Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Luxembourg residents 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Book Entry Notes 
CGD will make applications to Interbolsa, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Book Entry Notes. Book Entry Notes will only 
be issued in dematerialised form and therefore no certificates will be deposited in custody on behalf of the 
clearing systems. 
For a summary description of rules applicable to Book Entry Notes see section “Book Entry Notes Held 
Through Interbolsa”. 
Bearer Notes 
The relevant Issuer will make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Bearer Series of Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in CGN 
form, a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. In respect of Bearer Notes 
in NGN form, the Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be delivered to a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxemburg. Transfers of interests in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note will be made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
Registered Notes 
The relevant Issuer will make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate. Each Unrestricted Global Certificate will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The relevant Issuer and Citibank, N.A. will make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry 
settlement system of the Restricted Notes represented by each Restricted Global Certificate. Each Restricted 
Global Certificate will have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions 
on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Note, as set out under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of Registered Notes”, transfers of interests in a 
Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such legend is no longer applicable. 
The custodian with whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited (the “Custodian”) and DTC 
will electronically record the principal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors 
in Notes of such Series may hold their interests in a Unrestricted Global Certificate only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in an Restricted Global Certificate directly through 
DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in 
such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the name 
of DTC’s nominee will be to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such Restricted Global 
Certificate. The relevant Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately 
credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as shown on the records of DTC 
or the nominee. The relevant Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in such Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such DTC 
participants. None of the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the Restricted 
Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership 
interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or a Restricted 
Global Certificate. Individual Definitive Registered Notes will only be available, in the case of Unrestricted 
Notes, in amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, in the case of Restricted Notes, in amounts of

--- Page 165 ---
165 
U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances described below. 
Individual Definitive Registered Notes 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or for DTC will not be permitted unless in the case of Restricted Notes, DTC notifies 
the relevant Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with 
respect to the Restricted Global Certificate, or ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or is at any time no longer eligible to act 
as such and the relevant Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of 
such ineligibility on the part of DTC, (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Notes, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do so, or (iii) the Trustee 
has instituted or has been directed to institute any judicial proceeding in a court to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders under the Notes and the Trustee has been advised by counsel that in connection with such 
proceeding it is necessary or appropriate for the Trustee to obtain possession of the Notes. In such 
circumstances, the relevant Issuer will cause sufficient individual Definitive Registered Notes to be executed 
and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A 
person having an interest in a Global Registered Certificate must provide the Registrar with: 
(i)
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the relevant Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual Definitive Registered 
Notes; and
(ii)
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of 
such exchange, or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that 
the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Individual Definitive 
Registered Notes issued pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall bear the legends applicable to 
transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Registered Certificates within DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
The laws of some states in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to such 
persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, 
may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may be held only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in a Unrestricted Global 
Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global Certificate 
for the same Series of Notes provided that any such transfer made on or prior to the expiration of the Distribution 
Compliance Period (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”) relating to the Notes represented by such 
Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a 
written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, (based on a written 
certificate from the transferor of such interest) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom 
the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any 
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter of the Notes represented 
by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon request through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent and 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of details of that account at DTC to be credited with the relevant interest

--- Page 166 ---
166 
in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the Restricted Global 
Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Unrestricted Global Certificate will only 
be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a certificate setting forth compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Registered 
Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described above 
and under “Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Custodian, the Registrar 
and the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements 
for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Registered Certificates will be effected through the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account 
for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the 
disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Registered Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary 
certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery 
versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment 
must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions”. 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of 
Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for exchange 
as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in 
Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant or participants has or have given such 
direction. However, in the circumstances described above, DTC will surrender the relevant Restricted Global 
Certificates for exchange for individual Definitive Registered Notes (which will, in the case of Restricted Notes, 
bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under 
the laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a member 
of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange 
Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions between participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of 
its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, 
that clear through, or maintain a custodial relationship with, a DTC direct participant, either directly or 
indirectly. 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in 
order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Registered Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Clearstream,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the Custodian, Restricted Notes represented 
by individual Definitive Registered Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue Date, 
which could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, trades in the United States secondary market 
generally are required to settle within three business days (T+3), unless the parties to any such trade expressly 
agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or 
the next succeeding business days until the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the 
Notes initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be 
affected by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date 
of pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 
August 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, between the Issuers, 
the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuers to the 
Permanent Dealers. However, each of the Issuers has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf 
to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by 
each Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer may pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuers have agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. 
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer 
affiliates arrange for the offer resale of Notes within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers in 
reliance on Rule 144A. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. The Issuers and the Dealers reserve 
the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, other than any qualified institutional 
buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the Dealers or its 
U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or

--- Page 169 ---
169 
by any qualified institutional buyer in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-
U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuers of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-
U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer, 144A is prohibited. 
Each issuance of index-, commodity- or currency-linked Notes may be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the relevant Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase 
or, as the case may be, subscription of such Notes. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such 
Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is (one or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant 
State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and

--- Page 170 ---
170 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of UK MiFIR; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other selling restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; 
and 
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Portugal
No offer or sale of Notes may be made in Portugal except in circumstances that will result in compliance with 
the rules concerning marketing of Notes and the laws of Portugal generally. 
The Prospectus has not been nor will be subject to the approval of or passported for public offer purposes with 
the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the “CMVM”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold, and it will not offer or sell any Notes in Portugal or to residents of or having an establishment 
in Portugal otherwise than in accordance with applicable Portuguese Law.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed with the Issuers, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree with the Issuers that (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken 
any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or 
delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather 
investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code and other applicable securities 
legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portugal, as the case 
may be; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have been and will only be made in Portugal in 
circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, qualify as a private placement of Notes only 
(oferta particular); and (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes to the public in Portugal.
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in France to, and that it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or 
cause to be distributed in France, the Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes to, qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) 
or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes issued by CGDFB or CGD (or any interest therein) are not and 
may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in the Netherlands, on their 
issue date or at any time thereafter, and neither this Prospectus nor any other document in relation to any offering 
of the Notes (or any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in the Netherlands, other than to qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, provided that these parties acquire the Notes for their own 
account or that of another qualified investor. However, the Notes may be offered free of any restrictions (i) 
provided that each such Note has a minimum denomination in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof 
in non-Euro currency) and (ii) unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the standard exemption wording and

--- Page 172 ---
172 
logo required by Section 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) is not 
applicable, subject to the standard exemption wording and a logo being disclosed as required by Section 5:20(5) 
of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes 
or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)), pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based contracts (each term as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, each of the Issuers have determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuers, nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of 
this Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1)
It is (a) a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such Restricted 
Notes for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and (c) aware, and each 
beneficial owner of such Restricted Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Restricted Notes to it 
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2)
The Restricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that 
it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer, (b) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3)
Such Restricted Notes, unless the relevant Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE 
HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS 
NOTE. 
(4)
It understands that the relevant Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is 
acquiring any Restricted Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(5)
It understands that the Restricted Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by the 
Restricted Global Certificate. Before any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the 
Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification 
(in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the dis-application 
of non-applicable provisions, is set out below:  
[[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]] 
[[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [Consider any negative target market]. 
[Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][A distributor] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][A distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)][the EUWA]; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the 
Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]3
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore – In 
connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [‘prescribed capital markets 
products’]/[capital markets products other than ‘prescribed capital markets products’] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]4
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., acting through its France branch] 
[Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
2 
Include where item 36 of Part A – Contractual Terms of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
3 
 Include where item 37 of Part A – Contractual Terms of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
4 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the relevant Issuer is to consider whether it needs to reclassify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the Offer.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated 5 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [●]] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus [and 
the supplement[s] to the Prospectus] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/EMTN-Programme.aspx.] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs.] 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [●] on the [Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i) 
Series: 
 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
 
[●] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[EURIBOR[+/-] [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14/15] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Put] 
[Call] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
12 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Ordinary Senior Notes] 
[Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
(ii) 
Date [Board] [Executive 
Committee] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[●] [and [●], respectively][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear]] 
[(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [●]/not adjusted]] 
[(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]] 
[(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA]] 
[(vi) 
Determination Date(s) 
(Condition 5(i)(vii)): 
 
[[●] in each year /Not Applicable]] 
14 
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
[(ii) 
First Margin: 
 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
[(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]] 
[(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date[[in each case,] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]] 
[(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]] 
[(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●][subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
15(xv)]] 
[(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable][subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 15(xv)]] 
[(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[●]] 
[(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[(xii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[●]] 
[(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
 
[●]] 
[(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[●]]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
[(xv) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[●] in each year] 
[(xvi) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[●]] 
[(xvii) Business Centre(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(xviii) Calculation Agent: 
 
[●]] 
[(xix) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
 
[●]] 
[(xx) 
Swap Rate Period: 
 
[●]] 
15 
Floating Rate Provisions
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●]] 
[(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●]] 
[(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
 
[●] 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
[(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[●]] 
[(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]] 
[(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[●]] 
[(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
[●] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[●]] 
[(x) 
ISDA Determination:
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
[(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]] 
[(xii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
[(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[●]] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph). 
[(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17 
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iii) 
Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(f) apply] 
[(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]]  
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]]  
[(v) 
Notice period: 
 
[●]] 
18 
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iii) 
Notice period: 
 
[●]] 
19 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
 
[●] per Calculation Amount]
20 
Early Redemption Amount 
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption:
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] [Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
Registered Notes: 
[[Restricted Global Certificate] [and Unrestricted Global 
Certificate] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
[Book Entry Note] 
22 
Cash Bond Note (obrigações de caixa): 
 
[Yes][No] 
23 
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[New Global Note][New Safekeeping Structure][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
24 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates:
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
 
[Yes. The Talons mature on [●]][No] 
[26] [Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-
Off]  
 
[Condition 3(c) is [Not]5 Applicable] 
[27] [Ordinary Senior Notes: Negative Pledge] 
 
[Condition 4(a) is [Not] Applicable] 
[28] [Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of 
Default] 
 
[Condition 10(a) is [Not]6 Applicable]] 
29 
[Capital Disqualification Event: 
Substitution and Variation] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[30] [MREL Disqualification Event: 
Substitution and Variation] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
31 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
32 
If syndicated names of Managers:  
 
Not Applicable/[●] 
33 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
 
Not Applicable/[●] 
34 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
 
Not Applicable/[Name and address] 
35 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
36 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, sales of such Notes to EEA Retail 
Investors 
should 
be 
prohibited 
and, 
therefore, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, sales of such Notes to EEA Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified.)
37    Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, sales of such 
Notes to UK Retail investors should be prohibited and, 
therefore, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, sales of such Notes to UK Retail Investors do not 
need to be prohibited and, therefore, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
RESPONSIBILITY ON THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from ([●])] which, when read together with the Prospectus referred to above, 
contains all information that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes. The Issuer confirms that such 
5 
Select “Applicable” for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be eligible as MREL  
6 
Select “Not Applicable” for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be eligible as MREL

--- Page 182 ---
182 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, [and is able to ascertain from 
information published by ([●]),] no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ______________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 183 ---
183 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
[Listing and Admission to Trading]
[(i) Listing and Admission to trading:]
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] 
of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market/[●]] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official 
List] of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market/[●]] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
[(ii) Estimate of total expense related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●]] 
2
Ratings 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been 
rated] 
[DBRS: 
[Moody’s: 
[Fitch: 
[[●]: 
[●]] 
[●]] 
[●]] 
[●]] 
(Include a description of the ratings) 
[[DBRS Ratings GmbH]/[Moody’s Investors Service España]/[Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd.]/[●] is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”), and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation] / [[●] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][the CRA 
Regulation]; however, the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation] 
3
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Give details] [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
Green Notes]  
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer is different from general corporate 
purposes or Green Notes will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
4
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement 
[Save for [●], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.] 
5
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Indication of yield:
 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
6
Operational Information 
ISIN:
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Interbolsa Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários S.A., Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable (in the case of Notes issued in 
NGN form) 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name][appears/does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
(as 
amended, 
the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the

--- Page 185 ---
185 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[Not Applicable] 
Green Notes: 
 
[Yes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third-party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
(ii)
[Date of Second Party 
Opinion(s):] 
 
[●]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1
Each of the Issuers has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Portugal and France, 
respectively, in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CGD passed on 15 September 1999. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of CGD 
passed on 26 May 2021. The issue of each non-syndicated Tranche of Notes is subject to a prior resolution by 
the Board of Directors (or the Executive Committee) of CGD. The issue of each syndicated Tranche of Notes 
is subject to a prior resolution by the Board of Directors (or the Executive Committee) of CGD and the provision 
of a legal opinion from CGD’s external legal advisers in Portugal. 
2
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of CGD, CGDBF or the 
Group since 31 December 2020, being the date to which the most recent published accounts were published, 
and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2020, the date to which the 
most recent published audited annual consolidated financial statements were prepared, with the exception of 
the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, which continues to bring uncertainty to the Group’s activity and its 
capacity to achieve its economic and financial goals. The extent of the pandemic’s impact remains contingent 
upon a multiplicity of factors such as the depth of any resulting economic crisis, its length, the recovery of the 
most affected economic sectors and the type and impact of monetary and fiscal policy measures adopted and to 
be adopted by the diverse central banks in the European Union. In light of these uncertainties, and based on the 
information available at this time, CGD re-evaluated the financial effects of the Covid-19 pandemic in the first 
semester of 2021, including the valuation of financial assets and the measurement of expected losses in the loan 
portfolio, which will be subject to continuous reassessment. 
3
None of the Issuers nor any of its/their subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which any of the 
Issuers is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have had in the 
recent past significant effects, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability 
of the Group.  
4
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
5
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems and 
through Interbolsa for Book Entry Notes. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, the relevant Issuer will make an 
application with respect to each Series of Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A for such Notes to be accepted for 
trading in book entry form by DTC. Acceptance of each Series and the relevant CUSIP number applicable to a 
Series will be confirmed in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
6
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. is 
Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
7
For so long as Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be obtainable, free of charge, during usual 
business 
hours 
on 
any 
weekday 
(weekends 
and 
public 
holidays 
excepted) 
at 
https://www.cgd.pt/english/investor-relations/debt-issuances/prospectus/pages/emtn-programme.aspx: 
7.1
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons) as amended;
7.2
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of each Issuer – see: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Institutional/Corporate-Governance/Documents/CGD-Articles-of-
Incorporation.pdf);
7.3
the Instrument (which constitutes the Book Entry Notes);

--- Page 187 ---
187 
7.4
the published annual report and audited consolidated accounts of the CGD Group as at and for the two 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (together with respective audit reports) 
– see: 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2019/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2019.pdf 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2020/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2020.pdf 
7.5
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus; and 
7.6
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange. 
In addition, this Prospectus and the final terms for Notes that are listed on the Official list and admitted to 
trading on the Market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and 
available 
on 
CGD’s 
website 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-
Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/EMTN-Programme.aspx. 
8
The website of CGD and CGDFB is (https://www.cgd.pt/English/Institutional/Pages/Institutional_v2.aspx). 
The information on this website does not form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
9
Copies of the latest and future annual reports, annual accounts, including non-consolidated accounts and 
consolidated accounts of CGD and the latest and future unaudited semi-annual interim non-consolidated and 
consolidated accounts of CGD may be obtained once available, and copies of the Trust Deed as amended will 
be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, 
so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. CGDFB do not prepare any publicly available unaudited or audited 
financial statements. All relevant financial information concerning CGDFB is included in the consolidated 
accounts of CGD. 
10
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. (which are members of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory 
Auditors – Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas), registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20161480, with registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6th floor, 1600 – 206, Lisbon, Portugal, have 
audited the consolidated financial statements of CGD for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020. The aforementioned audited financial statements of CGD were prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union. 
11
Please refer to the complete versions of the auditor’s report included in the annual reports of CGD, together 
with the respective financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The Issuers 
have agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A (d)(4). 
12
The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) for Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. is TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57. 
13
The Issuers are companies or banking institutions organised under the laws of Portugal. None of the Directors 
of the Issuers are residents of the United States. All or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuers and such 
persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service 
of process within the United States upon the Issuers or the directors of the Issuers or to enforce against any of 
them in the United States courts judgments obtained in United States courts predicated upon the civil liability 
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
14
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their respective affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or their respective

--- Page 188 ---
188 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In addition to the financial information contained in this Prospectus prepared in accordance with the 
financial reporting framework applicable to CGD, some Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), in 
accordance with ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures dated 5 October 2015 
(ESMA/2015/1415en) (the “ESMA Guidelines”), are disclosed in this annex. CGD discloses these APMs for 
better understanding of its financial performance. These APMs constitute additional financial information and 
shall not, in any circumstance, replace the financial information produced under the applicable reporting 
framework. The definition and calculation of APMs by CGD may differ from the definition and calculation of 
APMs used by other issuers and may not be compared. 
ESMA Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, 
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial 
reporting framework. Following the recommendations of ESMA Guidelines, the following APMs are used in 
this Prospectus. 
Average net assets  
Average of the last 13 monthly observations. 
Credit at risk ratio(1)
Ratio between loans and advances to customers at risk (gross) and total loans and advances to customers 
(gross). 
Credit at risk ratio, net(1)
Ratio between loans and advances to customers at risk and total loans and advances to customers, both 
aggregates net of accumulated impairment on loans and advances to customers (on Balance Sheet). 
Credit more than 90 days overdue ratio 
Ratio between the loans and advances to customers with instalments of principal or interest more than 
90 days overdue and the total loans and advances to customers balance. 
Cost-to-core income ratio
Ratio between Operating costs and Total operating income of core activity. 
Cost-to-income(1)
Ratio between operating costs and the sum of total operating income and results of associates and jointly 
controlled entities. 
Cost of credit risk 
Ratio between loans impairment (net of reversals and recoveries) (P&L) and the average loans and 
advances to customers balance (gross and average of the last 13 monthly observations). 
Coverage ratio on forborne loans and advances(4)
Accumulated impairment on forborne loans under probation / Total forborne exposures. 
Coverage ratio on Non-performing exposure(4)
(Accumulated impairment on: Debt securities + Loans and advances to customers + Off balance-sheet 
exposures) / Total non-performing exposures (gross). 
Coverage ratio on Non-performing credit 
Ratio between accumulated impairment on loans and advances to customers (Balance Sheet) and loans 
and advances to customers in default. 
Coverage ratio on credit more than 90 days overdue 
Ratio between accumulated impairment on loans and advances to customers (Balance Sheet) and loans 
and advances to customers more than 90 days overdue. 
Current net income 
Difference between net income and non-recurrent costs.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Employee costs/total operating income(1)
Ratio between employee costs and total operating income. 
Forborne ratio for loans and advances(4) 
Forborne loans and advances under probation / Total loans advances to customers (gross). 
Gross return on assets (ROA)(1) (3)
Ratio between income before tax and non-controlling interests and average net assets (average of the 
last 13 monthly observations). 
Gross return on equity (ROE)(1)(3)
Ratio between income before tax and non-controlling interests and average shareholders’ equity (average 
of the last 13 monthly observations). 
Loans-to-deposits ratio(1)
Ratio between total loans and advances to customers net of accumulated impairment on loans and 
advances to customers (on Balance Sheet) and customer deposits. 
Net core operating Income before impairments 
Net interest income incl. income from equity investments + net fees and commissions – Operating Costs. 
Net interest income 
Interest and similar income net of interest and similar expenses. 
Net interest income including income from equity instruments 
Net interest income plus income from equity instruments. 
Net operating income 
Net operating income before impairments net of provisions and impairments. 
Net operating income before impairments 
Total operating income net of operating costs. 
Net return on assets (ROA)(3)
Ratio between income after tax and non-controlling interests and average net assets (average of the last 
13 monthly observations). 
Net return on equity (ROE)(3)
Ratio between income after tax and non-controlling interests and average shareholders’ equity (average 
of the last 13 monthly observations). 
Non-interest income 
Sum of income from services rendered and commissions, net of results from financial operations and 
other operating income. 
Non-performing credit ratio(1)
Ratio between loans and advances to customers in default (gross) and total loans and advances to 
customers (gross). 
Non-performing exposure ratio(4)
(Non-performing: Debt securities + Loans and advances to customers + Off balance-sheet exposures) / 
(Gross: Total debt securities + Loans and advances to customers + Off balance-sheet exposures). 
Operating costs 
Sum of employee costs, other administrative costs and depreciation and amortisation.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Operating costs/average net assets 
Ratio between operating costs and average net assets (average of the last 13 monthly observations). 
Overdue credit ratio 
Ratio between the loans and advances to customers with overdue instalments of principal or interest and 
the total loans and advances to customers balance. 
Provisions and Impairments of other assets (net) 
Provisions and impairments of other assets = Provisions net of reversals and other assets impairments 
net of reversals and recoveries. 
Recurrent Employee Costs 
Difference between employee costs and non recurrent employee costs. 
Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) 
Net income / (Average* shareholders’ equity – Average* intangible assets 
Restructured credit ratio(2)
Ratio between restructured and total loans and advances to customers. 
Restructured credit ratio not included in credit at risk(2)
Ratio between restructured loans and advances to customers not included in loans and advances to 
customers at risk and total loans and advances to customers. 
Results from services and commissions 
Income from services rendered and commissions net of costs of services and commissions. 
Securities investments 
Sum of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, available for sale financial assets, held to 
maturity investments and financial assets with repurchase agreement (securities). 
Texas Ratio 
Non Performing Exposure EBA (Impairment + Tangible Equity) 
Total operating income 
Net interest income including income from equity instruments and non-interest income. 
Total operating income/average net assets(1)
Ratio between the sum of total operating income and results from associates and jointly controlled 
entities and the average of net assets (average of the last 13 monthly observations). 
Total operating income of core activity 
Sum of net interest income and net fees and commissions 
(1)
As defined by Bank of Portugal Instruction 6/2018. 
(2)
As defined by Bank of Portugal Instruction 32/2013. 
(3)
Income after tax: net income for the period attributable to the shareholder of CGD and net income for the period 
attributable to non-controlling interests. 
(4)
As defined by EBA. 
* 
Average of the last 13 monthly observations

--- Page 192 ---
192 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., 
acting through its France branch 
38 Rue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal
DEALERS 
Bayerische Landesbank
Brienner Strasse 18 
D-80333 Munich 
Germany
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
FRANCE 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A.
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.
Avenida João XXI 
No. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal
Commerzbank  
Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
 J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 
1-20121 Milan 
Italy
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Natixis
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany
 Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
 UBS Europe SE
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 193 ---
193 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited
Agency & Trust 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT,  
EXCHANGE AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.
Avenida João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg
69 Route d’Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC S.A.
Avenida da República, no. 90, 6º 
1600-206 Lisboa 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
 as to Portuguese law 
as to English law 
 Vieira de Almeida & Associados
Sociedade de Advogados, SP R.L.
Rua Dom Luís I, no. 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
as to English law and United States law 
as to French law 
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France