--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. 
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of 
the Portuguese Republic) 
 
Registered Office: Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon 
Share Capital: €2,420,000,000 
 Registered with the Lisbon Commercial Registry Office under the sole 
commercial registration and taxpayer number 500 792 615 
 
 
€5,000,000,000 CONDITIONAL PASS-THROUGH COVERED 
BONDS PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “Banco Montepio”) is an authorised 
credit institution, savings bank (caixa económica bancária) under Portuguese Law, for the purposes of Decree-law 59/2006, of 20 
March 2006 (as amended, the “Covered Bonds Law”). The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute mortgage covered 
bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Under this €5,000,000,000 conditional pass-through covered bonds programme (the “Programme”), described in this 
Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may from time to time issue conditional pass- through 
mortgage covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
The Conditional Pass-Through structure will become relevant after an Issuer Event, upon which the maturity date of the 
affected outstanding Series is extended, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund shall be applied on each 
Interest Payment Date in making the payments in the order of priority as set on Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) of the Terms 
and Conditions, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line and the Hedging Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool 
Monitor of the Available Funds ahead of such Interest Payment Date. 
The circumstances that may or will trigger the Pass-Through mechanism (Issuer Event) are an Insolvency Event or a 
Default of Payment Event. 
See Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme and Final Terms of the Covered Bonds for further information to 
be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme was approved by the Issuer on 26 June 2008, as amended from time to time, following the approval of 
the amended Programme on Noteholder meetings held and subsequent signature of the relevant updated Programme Documents. 
Covered Bonds will be represented in book-entry form (escriturais) with Interbolsa and in registered (nominativas) form. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under Overview of the Covered Bonds 
Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and 
together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds. 
 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Covered Bonds issued during the period of twelve months after the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Market”). 
Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”), and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, reference(s) to the EEA include(s) the United Kingdom (the “UK”). This Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of 
approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered 
Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated market. The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Covered Bonds may, after notification by the Central Bank of Ireland to the supervision 
authority of the Relevant Member States of the European Union , in accordance with article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be 
admitted to trading on the regulated Market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock exchange(s) of any other Member States of 
the EEA (and for these purposes, references to the EEA include the UK). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or 
Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Confirmation on whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) will be given in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in either the 
European Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified by the rating 
agency at any time. The list of registered and certified rating agencies is published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the 
issue price of Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be 
delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, if admitted to trading on the regulated market, to Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https:// www.ise.ie). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “A1” by Moody’s, “A, Outlook Negative” by Fitch and 
“BBB (high)” by DBRS. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus for admission to trade on a regulated market is 4 December 2020.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
 
Dealers 
 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden- 
Württemberg 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to Banco Montepio and its subsidiaries and 
affiliates taken as a whole (the “CEMG Group” or the “Group”) and the Covered Bonds which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms of the Covered Bonds. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, other than to the extent subparagraph (ii) 
below may apply, any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA or the UK (each, a 
“Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Covered Bonds which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those 
Covered Bonds may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus pursuant to, respectively, Articles 3 and 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State and (in either 
case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State and such offer is made in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or its final 
terms, as applicable. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Common Representative (as defined in 
“Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL 
INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area and United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 (as amended) on insurance 
distribution (recast), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance / Professional investors and Eligible Counterparties only target market” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) which are provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) respectively, 
which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus,are included1 on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, 
the “BMR”). 
The ICE and EMMI have been included in the register of administrators established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The 
Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). If TEFRA C is specified as 
“Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, then the Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents 
of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be 
liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations 
will not be the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, an investment in Covered Bonds involves 
the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect 
the market value of the relevant Covered Bonds. See “Risk Factors”.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers 
or any person other than the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Covered 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should:

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated;  
iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and  
v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not 
invest in Covered Bonds unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of such Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
An investment in Covered Bonds is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an 
investment in Covered Bonds may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or 
with any other investment firm in the Group, an investment in Covered Bonds carries risks which are very 
different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Covered Bonds are expected to have greater liquidity than a 
bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, Covered Bonds may have no 
established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  
Investments in Covered Bonds do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national 
implementing measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes 
insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in Covered Bonds in a worst-case scenario could 
lose their entire investment. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Programme is rated “A1” by Moody’s, 
“A, Outlook Negative” by Fitch and “BBB (high)” by DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating agency. 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered 
Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds 
may not be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Definitions”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” and 
“euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain 
amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, the 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede 
them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100 per cent. when aggregated. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written 
forward-looking statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial statements, 
in their offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their 
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements 
about Banco Montepio’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are 
based on current plans, estimates and projections and such statements reflect Banco Montepio’s judgement 
at the date of this document and are not intended to give any assurances as to future results. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as at the date they are made, and Banco Montepio undertakes no obligation to update 
publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Banco Montepio will comply with their 
obligations to publish updated information as required by law or by any regulatory authority but assume no 
further obligation to publish additional information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). Accordingly, these APMs should not be 
considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations 
of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of 
the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the 
Glossary at the back of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base 
Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative 
Performance Measures.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Arranger, the Dealers and to Euronext Dublin that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds, notably in light of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, whose 
inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would reasonably 
be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer and Euronext Dublin 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and Euronext Dublin may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus 
following this page, and you are therefore required to read this carefully before reading, accessing or making 
any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a 
result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO 
SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES 
LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND, IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART 
IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of the Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the securities, you must not be a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act) and must be outside the United States. This Base Prospectus is being sent at your 
request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you will be deemed to have 
represented to us that you are not a U.S. Person, that you are outside the United States, the electronic mail 
address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S., its 
territories and possessions, and that you consent to delivery of this Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base Prospectus to any other 
person. 
The materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any underwriter or any affiliate of any 
underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the potential offering will be deemed to be made 
by such underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, (the "Issuer") in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances will this Base Prospectus constitute an offer or invitation to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy nor will there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation 
or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of this Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or purchase the 
securities are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information 
contained in the final prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
does not apply to the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently the 
Dealers, any person who controls any of the Dealers, any director, officer, employee or agent of any of the 
Dealers or any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version (if 
any) available to you on request from any of the Dealers.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION........................................................................................................................ 4 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ................................................................................................................................... 10 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME ...................................................................... 13 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................ 24 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................. 60 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ............................................................................................................... 62 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT ....................................................................... 65 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS .............................................................................................. 68 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ....................................................................... 85 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ........................................................................................ 117 
ISSUER EVENTS ........................................................................................................................................... 126 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS .................................... 128 
COVER POOL MONITOR ........................................................................................................................... 130 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK ...................................................................................................................... 132 
REPURCHASE COMMITMENT ................................................................................................................ 133 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER................................................................................................................ 136 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER CORPORATE AND GOVERNING BODIES OF THE 
ISSUER ............................................................................................................................................................ 175 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. AND ITS 
RELATIONSHIP WITH MGAM ................................................................................................................. 190 
THE PORTUGUESE MORTGAGE MARKET .......................................................................................... 191 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR ................................................................................................ 197 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS ................................... 225 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 233 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW .................................................................................................................... 234 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 241 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS .............................. 248 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 253 
DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................................................ 257 
ANNEX I – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (GLOSSARY) ........................................ 267

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in 
any Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including any 
documents incorporated by reference. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Delegated Regulations, notably Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 
2019/980, as amended from time to time. 
Subject to the application of the domestic laws of each member state of the EEA or the UK in 
accordance with Article 11(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, no civil liability will attach to the persons who 
have responsibility for this overview in any such member state solely on the basis of this overview, including 
any translation thereof, unless it is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other 
parts of this Base Prospectus. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is brought before a court in a member state of the EEA or in the UK, the plaintiff may, under the national 
legislation of the member state where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Covered Bonds, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
Capitalised terms used in this overview and not otherwise defined below or under Definitions have 
the respective meanings given to those terms elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
DESCRIPTION: 
Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme. 
PROGRAMME SIZE: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, all calculated as 
described under General Description of the Programme) aggregate principal 
amount (or, in the case of Covered Bonds issued at a discount, their aggregate 
nominal value) of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the 
Programme, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Programme Agreement. 
ISSUER: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco 
Montepio") (see Description of the Issuer). 
ISSUER LEGAL 
ENTITY 
IDENTIFIER (LEI): 
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537 
AUDITOR: 
The Issuer’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at CMVM with the number 
20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 
number 1 – 3, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques 
Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 
1737), and was elected for the term 2019-2021 in the General meeting held on

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
27 May 2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
(Ordem 
dos 
Revisores 
Oficiais 
de 
Contas). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, Lda. has no material interest in the Issuer. 
ARRANGER: 
NatWest Markets Plc, in its capacity as Arranger acting through its office at 
250 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 4AA. 
DEALERS: 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Merrill Lynch 
International, Natixis, NatWest Markets Plc, Société Générale and UniCredit 
Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
COMMON 
REPRESENTATIVE: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, 
in its capacity as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Agent, with head office at Rua Castilho, 
5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
PAYING AGENT: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Paying Agent, with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, and any other Paying Agent appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents. 
COVER POOL 
MONITOR: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of 
the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas”), with its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, n.º 1, 3, 1069-316, in Lisbon. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
RESERVE 
ACCOUNT BANK: 
Elavon Financial Services DAC, a designated activity company registered in 
Ireland with the Companies Registration Office (registered number 418442), 
with its registered office at Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, 
Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D 18 W319, acting through its UK Branch 
(registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, 
London, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank 
Global Corporate Trust Services, acting in its capacity as bank at which the 
Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 
September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank 
contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described 
above), acting through its office in Ireland. See Reserve Account Bank.  
ACCOUNTS BANK: 
Banco Montepio, in its capacity as Accounts Bank, with head office at Rua

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
HEDGE 
COUNTERPARTIES: 
The parties or party (each, a “Hedge Counterparty” and together, the “Hedge 
Counterparties”) that, from time to time will enter into Hedging Contracts 
with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
RISK FACTORS: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under Risk Factors and include, inter alia, exposure to adverse changes 
in the Portuguese and in the global economy, the credit risk of borrowers and 
clients of the Issuer, the risk of increased competition in the Portuguese market, 
risks related to the legal and regulatory framework and other market risks to 
which the Issuer is or may become exposed. In addition, there are risk factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the other risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These are also set out in detail 
under Risk Factors and include, inter alia, the dynamics of the legal and 
regulatory requirements, the fact that the Covered Bonds may not be suitable 
investments for all investors, the risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Covered Bonds, among others. 
Where Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than the reference 
currency used by the investor, changes in currency exchange rates may have 
an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the Covered Bonds. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement and on a 
non-syndicated or syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds will be issued and placed only outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). See 
Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
CURRENCIES: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Covered Bonds may be issued in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
REDENOMINATION: The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds not 
denominated in euro on issue may be redenominated in euro. 
RATINGS: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated 
at least by one rating agency which has applied to be registered with ESMA 
under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating addresses the likelihood that the holders of Covered Bonds will 
receive ultimate repayment of principal and interest. 
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
time by any of the assigning rating organizations. 
European regulated investors should be aware that in general they are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, unless the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). 
LISTING AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to approve this 
document as a Base Prospectus and further application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the admission of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Market. 
Covered Bonds may, after notification by the Central Bank of Ireland to the 
supervision authority of the relevant member state(s) of the European Union in 
accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock exchange(s) 
of any other member states of the EEA (and for these purposes, references to 
the EEA include the UK). Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued under the Programme. The relevant 
Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or 
regulated market(s). Listing and/or admission to trading of the Covered Bonds 
on a UK regulated market under this Base Prospectus will cease to be possible 
from the end of the Transition Period (as defined below). 
SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds in the 
United States, Japan, the EEA (including Italy and Portugal) and the UK as set 
out in Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds in a particular jurisdiction, which 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
UNITED STATES 
SELLING 
RESTRICTION: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Covered 
Bonds are being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance 
upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. See Subscription and Sale and 
Secondary Market Arrangements. 
USE OF PROCEEDS: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes. 
STATUS OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. The 
Covered Bonds will be mortgage covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and, 
accordingly, will be secured on cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool 
maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds 
Law, and will rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF 
THE COVERED 
BONDS: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
completing the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out in Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
CLEARING 
SYSTEMS: 
The clearing systems in which Interbolsa participates in order to ensure the 
clearing of the securities settled through it (together the “Clearing Systems” 
and, each, a “Clearing System”). See Form of the Covered Bonds and 
Settlement. 
FORM OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be in book-entry form and in 
registered (nominativas) form and thus title to such Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Decree-Law 
486/99 of 13 November 1999 (as amended, the “Portuguese Securities 
Code”) and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title 
will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. See Form 
of the Covered Bonds and Settlement. 
TRANSFER OF 
COVERED BONDS: 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the provisions of 
Interbolsa and the Portuguese legislation. The transferability of the Covered 
Bonds is not restricted. 
MATURITIES: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), 
the Covered Bonds Law or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. Currently the Covered Bonds Law establishes 
that Covered Bonds may not be issued with a maturity term shorter than 2 years 
or in excess of 50 years. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
ISSUE PRICE: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
INSOLVENCY 
EVENT: 
Issuer Insolvency. See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE: 
None. 
CROSS DEFAULT: 
None. 
GUARANTOR: 
None. 
FIXED RATE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between   
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
FLOATING RATE 
COVERED BONDS: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series); or 
• 
on the basis of a Reference Rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; or 
• 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
may be used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
 
ZERO COUPON 
COVERED BONDS: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
REDEMPTION: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
will specify either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity, save as provided for in the Covered Bonds Law (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable – see The Covered Bonds Law), or 
(ii) that the relevant Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the holder of Covered Bonds upon giving notice to the holder of 
Covered Bonds or the Issuer, respectively on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The applicable Final 
Terms may provide that the Covered Bonds may be redeemable in two or more 
instalments of such amounts and on such dates as are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
EXTENDED 
MATURITY DATE: 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms for 
each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law, the Extended Maturity Date may not fall later than 50 
years after the Issue Date of such Series. 
Such Extended Maturity Date, as defined in the Final Terms of each Series of 
Covered Bonds, will apply if an Issuer Event occurs. In this case the maturity 
of the principal amount outstanding of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
programme will be automatically extended to the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. In that event, the Issuer and/or any entity managing the Cover Pool may 
redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of all or (in case of

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
a default of Payment Event) the relevant Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.9 (Pass-through 
provision) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer, or if applicable the SCI, shall give to the holders of Covered Bonds 
(in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds), the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention 
to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
in full at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer, or the 
SCI, to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any 
redemption by the Issuer of Covered Bonds on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any 
such person. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, Covered Bonds will 
bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date. Interest will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date following the Maturity Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date in 
arrear or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms at the rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date 
so applies, those Covered Bonds may for the purposes of the Programme be: 
a) Fixed Interest Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to 
(and including) the Maturity Date; 
b) Fixed Interest Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect 
of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date, for the purposes of Condition 6.8 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds the principal amount outstanding shall be the amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6.7 (Late payment on Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
PASS-THROUGH 
COVERED BONDS 
Upon an Issuer Event occurring, the maturity of all outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme is deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, and any Available Fund 
shall be applied on each Interest Payment Date in making the payments in the 
order of priority as set on Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) of the Terms 
and Conditions, on a pro rata basis in the same priority line. 
PASS-THROUGH 
REDEMPTION 
UNDERTAKINGS: 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered Bonds 
that have been extended to their Extended Maturity Date to such date, the Issuer 
and/or the SCI shall use and employ its best efforts to sell an amount sufficient 
to redeem, in whole or in part, all outstanding Covered Bonds that have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth Interest

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Payment Date following an Issuer Event, the assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool along commercial acceptable terms, provided that such sale and 
subsequent redemption of the respective Covered Bonds will not result in a 
breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, outlined in Condition 14.1 
(Maintenance of overcollateralisation), on and between any Interest Payment 
Dates. Failure by the Issuer and/or any entity managing the Cover Pool to sell 
or refinance the assets comprised in the Cover Pool will not constitute an event 
of default. Moreover, provided that (if required) relevant procedures are put in 
place (including Chinese walls and appropriate disclosures) to properly 
manage any potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of information, 
the Issuer may participate as purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined 
above. The disposals of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be 
disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular reporting on the 
Covered Bonds. 
COVERED BONDS 
WITH A 
REPURCHASE 
COMMITMENT: 
If a Repurchase Commitment is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and 
unconditionally undertake to repurchase such Series of Covered Bonds on the 
Repurchase Date at par plus accrued interest (or any other repurchase amount 
as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms for such Series of Covered Bonds), if so requested by the holders of 
such Series of Covered Bonds which are Qualified Investors and subject to 
such Series of Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to ten Business Days 
after the Maturity Date. Holders who are not Qualified Investors will not be 
eligible for this Repurchase Commitment. This undertaking does not form part 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, accordingly, non-
compliance by the Issuer with such undertaking will not constitute an event of 
default under such Terms and Conditions. See “Repurchase Commitment”. 
DENOMINATION OF 
THE COVERED 
BONDS: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with the applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements and provided that each Series will have Covered Bonds of 
one denomination only. See Certain Restrictions above. 
MINIMUM 
DENOMINATION: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in 
denomination per unit not lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency, all calculated as described under General Description of the 
Programme) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Covered 
Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, in which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
BENCHMARK  
DISCONTINUATION: 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
may be used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
RESERVE 
ACCOUNT: 
 
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the benefit 
of a Reserve Account held by the Issuer with the Reserve Account Bank in 
respect of the Programme and the Reserve Account and any balances standing 
to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The Issuer 
shall ensure that the legal requirements as required by the Covered Bonds Law 
for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover Pool are met 
at all times. The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times in the Reserve 
Account funds in an amount equal to or in excess of the Total Target Reserve 
Amount. As long as the funds in the Reserve Account equal or exceed the Total 
Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer will not be required to transfer any 
additional amounts to the Reserve Account. If the amounts standing in the 
Reserve Account exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer may, in 
case no Issuer Event has occurred, release the excess amounts, without 
prejudice to the obligation of compliance with the maintenance of the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. Upon (i) the occurrence of an Insolvency 
Event, the Issuer or the SCI (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business 
Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the 
Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 
(Pass-through Provision) on the second Business Day after the notification has 
been made towards the payment of interest due (if any) on the Covered Bonds 
that have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date; (ii) a 
Series not having been repaid in full on its Maturity Date, the Issuer or the SCI 
(if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve 
Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be 
made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through 
Provision) on the Business Day following the occurrence of the related Default 
of Payment Event; (iii) interest due under a Series not having been paid in full 
on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer or the SCI (if applicable) shall no later 
than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant 
funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied 
pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day 
following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event. The funds 
available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount shall 
be monitored by the Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool 
Monitor identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet 
the Total Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next quarterly 
report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon procedures 
as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
The Reserve Account Bank will at all times have the minimum rating 
(currently, “A-”) and comply with other requirements as required by the 
Covered Bonds Law for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the 
Cover Pool. The Reserve Account will form part of the Cover Pool associated 
with the Programme, provided that the amounts standing to the credit of such 
Reserve Account (together with the remaining Other Assets) do not at any time 
exceed 20 per cent. of the value of the mortgage loans and other eligible assets 
allocated to the Cover Pool. 
Funds held in the Reserve Account, given their nature of Cover Pool assets, are 
available to meet amounts due in relation to the Covered Bonds and shall not 
be applied towards a partial principal redemption of the Covered Bonds prior 
to their Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 6.8 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision). See 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
credit of the Reserve Account will be paid to the Issuer. 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by a liquidity 
facility, through a Liquidity Facility Agreement to be agreed with a Liquidity 
Facility Provider pursuant to which the Issuer, or the SCI, will be entitled to 
make liquidity drawings equal to the interest payable on the Covered Bonds on 
any Interest Payment Dates following the occurrence of a Liquidity Event up 
to a maximum amount equal to Total Target Reserve Amount. This 
replacement will be subject to obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent 
and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies that 
such replacement would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or 
placement on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered 
Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies that it does not have 
any comments to said replacement; or (iii) a written communication by the 
Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said replacement, it does 
not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after each of the 
Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional 
period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other 
written communication from the Rating Agencies. 
LIQUIDITY 
FACILITY 
PROVIDER: 
An eligible entity the short-term unsecured debt obligations of which are rated 
as required by the Covered Bonds Law for liquidity facility providers or such 
other rating that will not result in a reduction or qualification of the ratings then 
assigned to the Covered Bonds or is otherwise approved by these rating 
agencies for the purposes of entering into any Liquidity Facility Agreement, in 
any case in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
TAXATION OF THE 
COVERED BONDS: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without deduction 
for, or on account of, withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction, unless 
the Issuer shall be obliged by law to make such deduction or withholding. The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any 
such withholding or deduction imposed. See Taxation. In order for withholding 
tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. 
THE COVERED 
BONDS LAW: 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced into Portuguese Law a framework for the 
issuance of certain types of asset covered bonds. Asset covered bonds can only 
be issued by (i) credit institutions for the purpose of the Credit Institutions 
General Regime or (ii) by special credit institutions created pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law, whose special purpose is the issue of covered bonds. The 
Covered Bonds Law establishes that issuers of mortgage covered bonds shall 
maintain a cover assets pool, comprised of mortgage credit assets and limited 
classes of other assets, over which the holders of the relevant covered bonds, 
have a statutory special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial). 
The Covered Bonds Law also provides for (i) the inclusion of certain hedging 
contracts in the relevant cover pool and (ii) certain special rules that shall apply 
in the event of insolvency of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds Law and the Bank 
of Portugal Regulatory Notices further provide for (i) the supervision and 
regulation of issuers of covered bonds by the Bank of Portugal, (ii) the role of 
a cover pool monitor in respect of each issuer of covered bonds and the relevant 
cover pool maintained by it, (iii) the role of the common representative of the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
holders of covered bonds, (iv) restrictions on the types and status of the assets 
comprised in a cover pool (including loan to value restrictions, weighted 
average interest receivables and weighted average maturity restrictions), and 
(v) asset/liability management between the cover pool and the covered bonds, 
See Characteristics of the Cover Pool, Insolvency of the Issuer, Cover Pool 
Monitor, Common Representative of the Holders of Covered Bonds and The 
Covered Bonds Law. 
The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer will qualify as mortgage covered 
bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
The Covered Bonds will be senior obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
equally with all other Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer. In the 
event of an insolvency of the Issuer, the holders of the Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, together with the Other Preferred Creditors, will have recourse 
under the Covered Bonds Law to the Cover Pool in priority to other creditors 
(whether secured or unsecured) of the Issuer who are not preferred creditors 
under the Covered Bonds Law. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool - 
Insolvency of the Issuer. 
GOVERNING LAW: 
Except for the Hedging Contracts, which are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, English Law, unless otherwise specifically 
provided, the Covered Bonds and all other documentation relating to the 
Programme are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese Law.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The Programme was approved by the Issuer on 26 June 2008, as amended from time to time, following the 
approval of the amended Programme on Noteholder meetings held and subsequent signature of the relevant 
updated Programme Documents. 
The amendments of the Covered Bond Programme into a Conditional Pass-through Covered Bond 
Programme are summarized below: 
 
Overview 
Amendment of the Issuer’s former covered bond programme to a 
conditional pass-through covered bond structure whereby an Issuer 
Event in relation to one or more Series of Covered Bonds results in a 
move into Pass Through format. 
Issuer Events 
Issuer Events are the following: 
(i) Issuer Insolvency Event; and 
(ii) Issuer Default of Payment Event. 
The process upon the occurrence of each Issuer Event shall be as follows: 
a) In the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all series of Covered Bonds 
(which up to that point are not yet in Pass-Through format) shall 
become Pass Through and be due on their respective Extended 
Maturity Date. A Substitute Credit Institution (“SCI”) will be 
appointed in line with the Covered Bond Law. The Cover Pool shall 
be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate and the SCI shall 
manage the Cover Pool in the place of the Issuer. 
b) In the case of an Issuer Default of Payment Event on a Series of 
Covered Bonds, that Series shall become Pass Through and be due 
on their Extended Maturity Date. 
Should an Issuer Event occur, or should a breach of the obligation of 
compliance of the Overcollateralisation Percentage occur, a Programme 
Account shall be set up and the cash received in relation to the Cover 
Pool will be swept to the Programme Account on a daily basis. 
Issuer Default of Payment 
Event 
 
The Issuer, fails to pay: 
(i) any principal due on a Maturity Date (although a failure to pay on the 
Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds shall not constitute an 
event of default) or on the following two Business Days; or 
(ii) any interest due on an Interest Payment Date (subject to any 
applicable grace period or the availability of any Reserve Amount) or 
on the following five Business Days. 
For the sake of clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the 
relevant repayment (or interest payment, as applicable) is not done by the 
end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days 
mentioned above. 
Extended Maturity Date 
Up to 50 years after the issuance date of any Covered Bond (the date in 
relation to each series to be defined in the applicable final terms).

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Overcollateralisation 
Percentage 
The Value of the Cover Pool as a percentage of the aggregate Value of 
all outstanding Covered Bonds shall equal or exceed the greater of: 
(i) 109.0 per cent. (the “Overcollateralisation Test”), and; 
(ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage (the “Contractual Asset Cover 
Test”). 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is 
required to monitor, for the benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
compliance by the Issuer with the overcollateralisation percentage 
requirements. 
Contractual Asset Cover 
Test and Asset Percentage 
The Issuer contractually commits to maintaining overcollateralisation at 
a level greater than that required by law (as covered separately in the 
Overcollateralisation Test). The size of the commitment is determined by 
the Asset Percentage. 
"Asset Percentage" means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other 
percentage determined by the Issuer from time to time. 
As of 30 June 2020, the Asset Percentage was 83.924 per cent.. The 
Issuer may at any time reduce the Asset Percentage but it may only 
increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject to obtaining 
the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and to the extent that the Rating 
Agencies confirm that the increase would not result in the reduction, 
removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of the credit ratings 
currently assigned to each of the outstanding Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. 
The Asset Percentage will be notified to holders of Covered Bonds as 
part of the regular reporting. 
Reserve Account 
 
On any date, an amount equal to the interest due on the Covered Bonds 
(plus certain Expenses and Owed Hedging Payments) during the 
following 3 (three) months shall be held in the Reserve Account. The 
Reserve Account shall be maintained with a counterparty with credit 
ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and 
in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by law (currently, 
“A-“). 
The amount deposited in the Reserve Account shall be available on any 
interest payment date towards the payment of interest due on the Covered 
Bonds that have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity 
Date and certain Expenses and Owed Hedging Payments, to the extent 
that there are otherwise insufficient available funds or towards the 
payment of principal due on the Covered Bonds if all Series of Covered 
Bonds can be fully redeemed on such payment date if the Reserve 
Account funds are made available. 
The Reserve Account required level shall be monitored by the Cover 
Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor identifies 
that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total 
Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that fact in the next quarterly 
report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon 
procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
The Issuer may replace the Reserve Account with a liquidity facility of 
an equivalent size. This liquidity facility will be subject to confirmation 
that the credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Agencies will not be reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit 
watch and in any case the relevant liquidity facility provider’s credit 
rating shall meet the minimum rating required by law (currently, “A-“). 
Priority of Payments 
Following any Covered Bonds becoming Pass Through, the available 
funds shall be applied on each payment date in the following order of 
priority: 
1. Expenses, Common Representative and any hedging payments; 
2. Interest due; 
3. Replenish Reserve Amount up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
4. Principal due to the extent that the Issuer or the SCI will not breach 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
5. Remaining amounts to be retained as part of the Cover Pool until all 
series of Covered Bonds have been repaid in full, should there be any 
excess cash; and 
6. Any remainder to the Issuer. 
Programme Account 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, or upon the occurrence of a 
breach of the obligation of compliance of the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage, the Programme Account shall be established with a 
counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of 
the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating 
required by law (currently, “A-“). 
Sale of Assets 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered 
Bonds that have been extended to their Extended Maturity Date, prior to 
such date, the Issuer and/or the SCI (as applicable) shall undertake on a 
best efforts basis to sell randomly selected Assets of the Cover Pool, on 
every sixth Interest Payment Date following an Issuer Event, in an 
amount sufficient to redeem, pari passu, the Series of Covered Bonds 
under such a format, in whole or in part, covering all outstanding Covered 
Bonds that have been extended to their respective Extended Maturity 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Sale of Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool shall be done in commercial acceptable terms, provided that such 
sale and subsequent redemption of the respective Covered Bonds will not 
result in a breach of the Overcolateralisation Percentage on and between 
any Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Payment Date means the date specified as interest payment date 
in the Final Terms of a Series of Covered Bonds and, upon the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, following such 
occurrence, for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series 
in case of a Default of Payment Event.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Early Redemption 
The Issuer, or the SCI on its behalf, as applicable, may redeem Pass 
Through bonds via a Sale of Assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may elect to participate as a 
purchaser in the Sale of Assets if it is willing and able to do so and must 
abide by the terms outlined in the above-mentioned Sale of Assets 
section. 
 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject as set out herein. An overview of the terms and 
conditions of the Programme and the Covered Bonds appears under Overview of the Covered Bonds 
Programme. The applicable terms of any Covered Bonds will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of those Covered Bonds and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds endorsed on, or attached to, the Covered Bonds as completed by the 
applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Covered Bonds (the “Final Terms”), as more 
fully described under Final Terms of the Covered Bonds below. 
This Base Prospectus was prepared for the purposes of the Programme and will be valid for a period of 
12 months from the date this Base Prospectus is approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (completed 
by any supplement in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) for admitting Covered 
Bonds to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market or any other regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended, until no more Covered Bonds concerned with this Programme are 
issued in a continuous or repeated manner in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the 
aggregate nominal amount then outstanding on all Covered Bonds previously or simultaneously issued 
under the Programme, does not exceed €5,000,000,000 (subject to increase in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement (as defined below) or its equivalent in other currencies). For the purpose of 
calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme from time to time: 
a) 
the euro equivalent of Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, described under Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which 
agreement is reached for the issue of Covered Bonds or on the preceding Business Day, in each 
case, on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified 
Currency in the Lisbon foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected 
by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, described under Final Terms of the Covered Bonds) and other 
Covered Bonds issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above 
by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in financial instruments, including securities, involves risk. Before making any investment decision, 
one must take into consideration all the information described in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the 
risks mentioned herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should carefully read and consider all the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any investment 
decision. The Issuer believes that the factors described below identify the risks that are considered more 
relevant prior to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, based on the probability of their occurrence and on the 
expected extent of their negative impact, should they occur. Although these are the specific risks which are 
considered to be more significant and capable of affecting the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, they may not be the only risks to which the Issuer is exposed, and the Issuer 
may be unable to make payments on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons or for the 
identified risks having materialised differently.  
The Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds 
are exhaustive. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or which the Issuer 
currently considers immaterial may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments on 
or in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
incorporated by reference herein and make their own assessments prior to making any investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the Definitions section shall have the same meaning in this section. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that, as far as the Issuer is 
aware, it has accurately reproduced such information. The Issuer accepts responsibility to the extent that no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer 
calculates its market share data using official sources of information, governmental or otherwise (as 
applicable).  
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer and 
that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Covered Bonds. The risk factors 
have been organised into the following categories: 
- Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária); 
- Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business; 
- Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
- Risks related to Covered Bonds generally; 
- Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; and 
- Other Risks. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer has 
assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category of 
risk is more material than any other category.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
Change in legal framework of the Issuer 
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated (caixa 
económica anexa) to MGAM into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a 
public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. The nature 
of the Issuer as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can 
hold the majority of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, 
charities and beneficial institutions. This legal limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its capital requirements and a failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations.  
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider 
Banco Montepio was established by Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista ("MGAM") in 1844, as an 
affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of MGAM, in order to support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes 
are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, 
their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. 
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution or instituição titular, 
as per the Savings Banks Act) of Banco Montepio with 99.99 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s share capital, 
pursuant to article 6 no. 2 of the Savings Banks Law. 
If MGAM is not in a position to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders in 
Banco Montepio’s capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its operations. 
Moreover, MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues and the subscribed members’ savings 
plans (modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of financial and 
non-financial assets, including different types of securities and equity participations (including its interest in 
Banco Montepio) and real estate. Among these investments, and as at 30 June 2020, MGAM held €190.3 
million of debt securities issued and other subordinated debts issued by Banco Montepio, which represents 
approximately 1.15 per cent. of Banco Montepio’s total liabilities and an amount of €2,420 million of Banco 
Montepio’s share capital (representing 99.99 per cent of its share capital).  
If MGAM’s performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide 
additional share capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco 
Montepio’s ability to meet its capital requirements and the cost of its funding and, as a result, its prospective 
financial performance and condition. 
The Issuer cannot predict the negative consequences, if any, that may arise from MGAM ceasing to own 
99.99 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital and corresponding voting rights 
Being a full service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the majority 
of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and 
beneficial institutions. 
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio’s shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity 
as Banco Montepio’s owner institution (instituição titular).  
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders 
as a sign of MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material 
adverse effect on investor confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
The Issuer cannot predict the negative consequences, if any, that may arise from change in the supervisory 
entity and rules applicable to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista 
MGAM is currently supervised by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and Social Security 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code (Código das 
Associações Mutualistas). 
According to the rules set forth in amended Mutual Associations Code (Código das Associações Mutualistas), 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2018, of 2 August, MGAM became subject to a special supervisory regime 
which entails the submission, with the necessary adaptations, to the Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of 
the Insurance and Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico de Acesso e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e 
Resseguradora) (the “RJASR”) and the financial supervision of the Portuguese insurance and pension funds 
authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões) (the “ASF”). 
A 12-year transitional period for adaptation to the specific supervisory regime was initiated on 27 November 
2018, during which the concerned mutual associations (including MGAM) must take the necessary steps 
with a view to ensuring a gradual adaptation to the new regulatory framework. Only at the end of that 
transitional period, and provided that the legal requirements for that purpose are met, will the concerned 
mutual associations become fully subject to the specific financial supervision regime, subject to the RJASR. 
During this transitional period and without prejudice to the powers of the member of the Government 
responsible for the area of Social Security, the ASF has powers to monitor the actions and diligences adopted 
by the relevant mutual associations with a view to progressively adapting to the new regulatory and 
supervisory framework. 
Some powers have been granted to the ASF to exercise during the transitional period for adaptation to the 
specific supervisory regime, in order to allow monitoring and verification of the convergence of mutual 
associations with the RJASR, requiring the preparation of a convergence plan and collecting information on 
the entity, activities, products and other information that is necessary to assess the adequacy of the 
convergence plan and its compliance. Only at the end of the 12-year transitional period for the adaptation of 
mutual associations to the RJASR will the ASF have full supervisory powers. Until then, the Government 
member responsible for the social security area will be responsible for the effective supervision of MGAM. 
The ASF is responsible for assessing whether the mutual associations covered by the transitional period 
comply with the acts necessary for the gradual adaptation of these institutions to the future regulatory 
framework, and it is up to the competent social security department to determine the application of the 
measures provided for by law in the event of non-compliance. New rules that restrict MGAM from providing 
additional share capital to the Issuer may be introduced. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict other rules 
which the authorities may introduce and the effects such rules may have on MGAM’s organisation and 
performance and, in particular, its relationship with the Issuer. 
Please refer to the section “Change in legal framework of the Issuer” for a description of the possible 
consequences arising from the change of Banco Montepio’s legal nature into a public limited liability 
company in 2017. 
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio’s business 
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of 
which are credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control these risks may result 
in a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit risk 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to the 
credit risk of its counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and 
amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could affect 
recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s provision 
for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Group and on the results of the Issuer 
and/or the Group’s operations. As at 30 June 2020, Banco Montepio’s total credit risk exposure was €16,596 
million (€16,214 million as at 31 December 2019). The balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) 
amounted to €1,477 million as at 30 June 2020 (€1,488 million as at 31 December 2019), representing 11.9 
per cent. (12.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) of the Issuer’s gross loan portfolio. 
An increase in Non-Performing Loans (“NPLs”) would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality 
metrics and adversely impact the Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPLs in accordance with the 
Transformation Plan (as defined in “Description of the Issuer - Strategy”). 
The Issuer’s activity is subject to market risk 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments 
which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets. 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by Banco 
Montepio’s risk division (Direção de Risco - DRI). 
The Issuer’s net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted due to the 
materialisation of market risks. It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market 
conditions and to anticipate the effect that such changes could have on the Issuer’s financial condition and 
on the results of its operations. 
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity 
price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin 
realised between lending and borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The 
performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment and trading 
portfolios. 
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, assets and liabilities sensitivity to interest rate changes are 
aggregated by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest rate 
mismatch is calculated. As at 30 June 2020, the interest rate gap was €4,068 million compared to €3,513 
million as at 31 December 2019. 
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies through 
active money markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing exchange rate 
gaps are essentially due to possible mismatches between the periods of the application of funds and of the 
resources. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, results 
and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value of the 
assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity.  
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or net 
interest income. As at 30 June 2020, a shift in interest rates by 1.0 percentage point would have led to a 
decrease in the expected economic value of the bank portfolio of approximately €37.0 million, compared 
with a reduction of €31.6 million as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
The most relevant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Portuguese sovereign debt. Please refer to the risk 
factor headed “Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk” for additional information. 
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, human error, 
changes in operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with which the 
Issuer does business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
The Issuer faces the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures may prove 
to be inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer’s business. The Issuer’s business is dependent 
on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and 
losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain 
proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, 
equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems such as, for example, those of the 
Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties. The occurrence of any of these operational risks may adversely impact 
the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the European Central Bank funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or from 
the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk). 
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of high quality liquid assets, which comply with the European 
Central Bank’s (the “ECB”) Eligibility Criteria. 
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As of 30 June 2020, the Issuer had a portfolio of available assets eligible for 
obtaining additional funding from the ECB, totalling €4,057 million. The total funding obtained by the Issuer 
from the ECB amounted to €1,637 million at the end of June 2020, corresponding entirely to funds raised 
under the TLTRO (Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations). 
In March 2019, the ECB announced that a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(“TLTROIII”) would be launched, starting in September 2019 and ending in March 2021, each with a 
maturity of two years in order to help preserve favourable bank lending conditions and the smooth 
transmission of monetary policy.  
On 12 March 2020, in the context of the spread of the coronavirus (see the risk factor entitled “The potential 
impacts of COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks” below), the ECB further announced the easing 
of conditions for TLTRO III operations. The more favourable conditions are aimed at supporting bank lending 
to those most affected by the pandemic, particularly households and small and medium-sized enterprises. 
The eased conditions include: 
(a) lower interest rates from June 2020 to June 2021 for all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that 
period; 
(b) raised borrowing allowance; and 
(c) removal of bid limit per operation on all future operations.  
On 18 March 2020, the ECB announced its decision to launch a temporary asset purchase programme of 
private and public sector securities of up to €750,000,000,000 to protect monetary policy transmission in the 
Eurozone (the “Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme” or “PEPP”). Purchases under PEPP will be 
conducted until the end of 2020. The ECB also announced the expansion of the range of eligible assets under 
the corporate sector purchase programme (“CSPP”), which now includes non-financial commercial paper of 
sufficient credit quality.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
On 7 April 2020, the ECB further announced the relaxation of collateral eligibility requirements for 
participation in liquidity providing operations, including TLTRO III operations, such as: 
(a) temporary increase in the maximum share of unsecured debt instruments issued by credit institutions; 
(b) waiver of the minimum credit quality requirement for marketable debt instruments issued by Greece for 
acceptance as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations, subject to specific margin assessments; and 
(c) temporary increase in its risk tolerance level in credit operations through a general reduction of collateral 
valuation haircuts. 
On 30 April 2020, the ECB decided to further ease TLTRO III operations, notably by reducing the interest 
rate on these operations from June 2020 to June 2021. The ECB also introduced a series of non-targeted 
pandemic emergency longerterm refinancing operations (“PELTROs”) – seven refinancing offerings 
commencing in May 2020 and maturing from July to September 2021.The Issuer has a limited exposure to 
the capital markets. The majority of the Issuer's liquid assets are in the form of deposits and ECB eligible 
assets.  
Bearing in mind the measures announced from 12 March 2020 are temporary and specifically aimed at 
tackling the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy, the duration, extent and existence of 
ECB liquidity support more broadly cannot be predicted. If it were to be withdrawn or reduced, the Issuer 
would need to seek alternative sources of funding, which it may not be possible, whether on equally 
favourable cost terms or at all. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
The Issuer’s development is dependent on successful implementation of its Transformation Plan 
In March 2018, the Issuer adopted a new strategy to improve the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of 
Banco Montepio's business model, and subsequently launched a Transformation Plan to analyse Banco 
Montepio's existing position and establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific 
business goals for the medium and long term. For more information, see "Business Description – Strategy". 
There may be risks and unforeseen circumstances related to the Transformation Plan that the Issuer is not 
aware of, or that were considered immaterial by the Issuer. Expected revenue and cost synergies, operational 
efficiencies, business growth and other benefits may not materialise because the assumptions upon which 
informed the Group's decision to proceed with its strategy might be incorrect or the economic environment, 
or the competition landscape, might have changed since March 2018. Any such risks and unpredictable 
circumstances may adversely affect the business and performance of the Issuer.  
The Issuer's Strategic Plan includes targets that may not be achieved 
The Issuer’s strategic plan aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
comfortable liquidity levels, defining as priorities the increase of core net operating income and capital 
management, risk management reinforcement, platform efficiency, liquidity management, human resources 
management and the governance model (the “Strategic Plan”). 
The Board of Directors, which took up office on 21 March 2018, undertook the commitment to enhance the 
efficiency, profitability of the operation and adequacy of Banco Montepio's business model to the most 
modern and demanding forms of customer relations. 
The Board of Directors launched a Transformation Plan aimed at producing a diagnosis of Banco Montepio's 
baseline position and defining a strategy with clear choices and specific business goals for the medium and 
long-term. 
Banco Montepio's Transformation Plan will define the Issuer's strategy and business goals for the medium 
and long-term, aiming to achieve six critical goals: (i) A sustainable business model, through an economically 
profitable business model with adequate creation of value for the shareholder; (ii) Strengthen Banco

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Montepio's position as a reference financial institution, by supporting the social economy, working among 
the segments of the population that are least benefited by banking services; (iii) Develop new value 
propositions and service models, affirming itself as a reference bank for small and medium-sized enterprises 
(SMEs) and for the different segments of individual customers; (iv) Increase the efficiency of the commercial 
structures, developing new internal processes and new forms of working; (v) Enhance Banco Montepio's 
robustness as a bank of relations and proximity, whether personally or through technological innovation; (vi) 
Improve assets quality, focusing on the sustained improvement of credit quality ratios and the continuous 
reduction of concentration of risk in the activity sectors of construction and real estate development. 
If any of the targets are not met, the Issuer will consequently seek to take additional measures in order to 
achieve them, but there is no guarantee that they will be met. They have not been set for the purpose of the 
offering of any Covered Bonds and are not, and should not be, regarded by potential investors as a forecast 
of future performance by Banco Montepio. Failure by the Issuer to implement such additional measures could 
have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its 
assets.   
The Issuer’s activity is subject to reputational risk  
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts on 
the Issuer resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among 
customers, suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may 
be related, or even public opinion in general.  
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could 
materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or 
prospects. 
Litigation and Conduct risks  
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and 
regulatory requirements, ethical issues, and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds strategic 
investments or joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the 
amount of damages asserted against Banco Montepio, or subject Banco Montepio to regulatory enforcement 
actions, fines and penalties. Banco Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, in particular: 
(i) 
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority 
(Autoridade da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that 
Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the 
exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 
2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , and imposed on 
Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million; 
(ii) 
as at 30 June 2020, Banco Montepio has been the subject of several administrative offense processes 
instituted by the Banco de Portugal, for alleged practices and infractions in regulatory matters in a 
maximum global amount of possible fines that amounts to approximately €30 million. For some of 
these processes, the Banco de Portugal issued decisions in the scope of summary proceedings, 
whereby it proposed a single fine in an amount substantially less than the potential maximum fine. 
Other processes are still in a preliminary phase, with the evidence requested by the defendants still 
not having been produced, which significantly limits the risk analysis. Nevertheless, the risk of 
conviction still exists in relation to some of the imputed infractions, not exceeding, however, the 
amount of provisions recognized by Banco Montepio as at 30 June 2020. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above described 
proceedings. For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see "Description of the Issuer –

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings”. Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such legal or 
regulatory proceedings or an unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely impact on 
Banco Montepio's business, reputation and operating results. 
International Activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. (“Finibanco Angola”), Banco MG Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. and, until December 2018, 
BTM – Banco Terra, S.A. (“BTM”) in Mozambique.  BTM was sold in December 2018 and is no longer part 
of the Group as at 31 December 2018. 
The Issuer believes its operation in Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse 
political, governmental or economic developments in Angola.  
In addition, the Issuer’s operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Often, 
these regulations are complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of 
applicable regulations may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of 
licences to operate. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, business and its 
operating results. 
A downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they 
mature, are an important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer had been assigned a rating of: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of “B-” and Short 
Term Issuer Default Rating of “B” by Fitch; Baseline Credit Assessment of “b3” by Moody’s and Long Term 
Issuer Rating of “B” and Short Term Issuer Rating of “R-4” by DBRS. The ratings assigned to the Issuer by 
Fitch indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains, financial 
commitments are currently being met, however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration 
in the business and economic environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's indicates that the 
Issuer is judged to have speculative intrinsic, or standalone, financial strength, and is subject to high credit 
risk absent any possibility of extraordinary support from an affiliate or a government. The rating assigned to 
the Issuer by DBRS indicates that the Issuer is of speculative, non-investment grade credit quality; its 
capacity for the payment of financial obligations is uncertain; and it is vulnerable to future events. A 
downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings, or being placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase its cost of 
borrowing and have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects. 
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its 
ability to raise funding or capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or the 
credit ratings of the Covered Bonds (if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Covered 
Bonds. In addition, ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds (if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and other factors may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Information on the ratings granted to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the 
preceding paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer’s rating, is available on CMVM’s website 
(www.cmvm.pt) and on the Issuer’s website (www.bancomontepio.pt). 
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating agency 
methodologies relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the perception by 
ratings agencies of the Issuer's rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
the Issuer's current ratings or outlooks or those of Portugal. 
Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk 
Even if there is a strong improvement in demand from international investors for the yield on Portuguese 
sovereign debt, which would be evidenced by the narrowing of the spread between the yield on Portuguese 
sovereign debt and the yield on German public debt with equivalent maturities, there is no guarantee that this 
trend will be maintained. The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that 
Portugal may fail to meet its fiscal targets, combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth 
potential of the domestic economy, may result in an increase in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese 
public debt securities in secondary debt markets and restrict access of the Portuguese Republic to primary 
debt markets. Such risk could be exacerbated by reduced confidence in international financial markets or be 
triggered by weak performance in the domestic economy or adverse developments in the local political 
environment. 
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the 
Issuer’s liquidity position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer’s pool of assets 
eligible for discount at the ECB, in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer’s capacity to increase 
its loan and asset portfolio. This could have a negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and 
operating results of the Issuer. This scenario could be further aggravated by persistent volatility in the 
financial sector and capital markets or by financial difficulties, including the possible default of one or more 
financial institutions or sovereigns, which could lead to significant liquidity problems in the market in 
general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions.  
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and other 
markets. The most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to Portuguese sovereign debt, comprised 
in its own securities portfolio. As at 30 June 2020, the exposure of the Issuer to Portuguese sovereign debt 
was €1,563.5 million, being €3.8 million in the trading portfolio, €259.1 million in the fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVOCI) portfolio and €1,300.6 million in other financial assets at amortised 
cost portfolio. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in Portuguese sovereign debt creating 
a risk of substantial losses. 
As at 30 June 2020, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds amounted to 
€11.5 million compared to €10.0 million as at 30 June 2019. There is a risk that the Issuer may not receive 
these capital gains in the future or even that losses may be recognised in the future if market appetite for 
Portuguese securities turns subdued compared to other peripheral economies. 
Concentration risk and significant exposure to the real estate market 
The Issuer has significant credit exposure to certain groups of clients. The Issuer has a well-diversified loan 
portfolio, with the top 10 exposures representing 6.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s total credit exposure (which 
includes the Gross loans and advances to customers in the aggregate amount of €12,417 million and the 
guarantees and sureties provided in the aggregate amount of €499 million and the irrevocable credit facilities 
amounting to €698 million) as at 30 June 2020. 
In particular, the Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its high exposure 
to the Portuguese real estate market through mortgage loans, loans granted to construction companies, assets 
obtained in lieu of payment (disclosed as “Non-current Assets Held for Sale” in its balance sheet till 31 
December 2018, being reclassified in 2019 to the caption “Other assets”), properties securing loans or related 
to its operations, funding of real estate development projects and through the exposure to real estate funds 
which are majority owned by the Issuer (disclosed in the Issuer’s balance sheet as “Investment Properties”), 
as well as real estate fund units held in its own portfolio. 
The total value of Investment Properties held by the Issuer as at 30 June 2020 amounted to €134.8 million 
(€144.9 million as at 31 December 2019) being comprised of real estate properties held by various funds

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
which are consolidated into the results of the Group and properties held by Ssagincentive – Sociedade de 
Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. 
The Issuer’s Assets received in recovery of credit including Impairment of assets received in recovery of 
credit amounted to €585.4 million as at 30 June 2020 (€609.0 million as at 31 December 2019) and included 
buildings and other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) delivery of 
the assets, with option to repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the contract or the promise 
to deliver the asset and the respective irrevocable power of attorney issued by the customer in the name of 
the Issuer; or (ii) the adjudication of the assets as a result of a judicial process of guarantees execution, 
accounted with the title of adjudication or following the adjudication request after the record of the first 
(payment pro solvendo). According to the Issuer’s expectation, these assets are expected to be sold in a period 
of less than one year and the Issuer has a strategy for its sale. Nevertheless, given current market conditions, 
and although those assets are intended to be sold as soon as possible, in some situations this is not possible. 
The participation units of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer’s variable-income securities – 
investment units amounted to €251.9 million as at 30 June 2020 (€256.3 million as at 31 December 2019). 
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature 
of the Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from 
current levels. 
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events and a general slowdown 
in global economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, a downward 
adjustment in prices. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in the 
assets held directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured on real 
estate collateral. Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and any of the 
foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects. 
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk 
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of assets 
or from a decrease of income from those assets.  
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the 
management of Banco Montepio’s pension fund. In addition, the Risk Department produces monthly reports 
on the evolution of the market value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators.  
As at 30 June 2020, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements recognised in the other comprehensive income 
of the pension fund stood at €295 million (€301 million as at 31 December 2019).  
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to make 
additional payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio’s pension fund constitutional 
documents, which, depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's 
business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects.  
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being 
determined using financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change 
over time  
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not limited 
to, scoring models used to assess clients' (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans granted by the 
Group. Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal models and to adapt them to 
constantly changing market conditions, these models do not exclude the possibility of Banco Montepio 
incurring losses associated with factors not foreseen or contemplated in the model’s respective parameters or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
methodology. This could have an adverse effect on Banco Montepio's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Deferred Tax Assets Regime 
As at 30 June 2020, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) of €466.3 million (as at 31 
December 2019: €434.7 million), of which €64.7 million were not dependent on future profitability (as at 31 
December 2019: €58.3 million). 
According to current legislation, if the Issuer incurs losses, there is the risk that the Portuguese Government 
will become a shareholder of Banco Montepio by virtue of the DTA conversion into ordinary shares.  
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the DTA 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operation or prospects. 
For further information, please refer to section “Banking regulation in Portugal”. 
IT and Telecommunications Systems Risk 
The Issuer faces the risk that computer or telecommunications systems could fail. Given the high volume of 
transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they 
are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, 
employees or systems, including any of the Issuer's financial, accounting or other data processing systems, 
could lead to financial loss and damage to the Issuer's reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans 
the Issuer has in place, the Issuer's ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in 
the infrastructure that supports its operations and the communities in which it does business. 
Failure of the Issuer's information technology systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) 
obligations and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and 
results of operation or prospects.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of misconduct 
by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of misconduct 
by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third party service 
providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in breaches of law, rules, 
regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal proceedings or reputational 
damage.  
The Issuer may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts 
by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit fraud 
through electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer (including 
with respect to clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions processed through 
these systems) are a growing threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to technology — including cyber 
security — change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given the increasing sophistication 
and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches 
of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Issuer may as a result not be able to access data or 
operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing that data is not compromised may be 
very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack may take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and 
administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely affect

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects and its position in legal 
proceedings. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures adopted 
with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to be 
inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may not 
be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates, especially considering the entry into 
force on 25 May 2018 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European 
Parliament and of the council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the 
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC). Thus, 
data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised 
by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of 
the Issuer).  
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects.  
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework 
Exposure to extensive and changing legislative and regulatory oversight 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
location where it operates. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Portugal, could materially 
affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers or the value of its assets. Future changes in 
regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. There is a 
risk that changes in financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies might negatively 
affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Borrower’s protection laws 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, monitoring 
the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial 
capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; and 
drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that 
in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower’s 
protection are expected to continue in the future. 
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s rights 
with respect to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Implications of a negative EURIBOR on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential real estate 
property 
Law No. 32/2018, of 18 July, amending Decree-Law No. 74-A/2017, of 23 June, on credit agreements for 
borrowers relating to residential real estate property, entered into force on 19 July 2018 and, in the context 
of residential loan agreements, imposes on banking institutions, including the Issuer, the obligation to reflect 
the existence of negative rates in the calculation of interest rates applicable to the loans. 
According to this new law, when the sum of the relevant index rate (such as EURIBOR) and the relevant 
margin is negative, this negative interest rate amount will have to either (i) be discounted from the principal 
amounts outstanding of the relevant loans or (ii) be converted into a credit which may in the future set off 
against positive interest rates (and ultimately paid to the borrowers if it has not fully been set off at maturity).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
The compliance with the above-mentioned law may have a negative impact in relation to the interest accruing 
on the housing loans forming part of the Issuer’s loan portfolio, insofar as a variable interest rate has been 
agreed under such loans, and the relevant Euribor rate is below zero. This may negatively affect the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Regulation of the Portuguese Financial Industry on Prudential Matters 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to extensive 
regulation by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the ECB and the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and provisioning, and also extensive regulation by the 
Portuguese Securities Regulator (the “CMVM”) (including, as an insurance intermediary (type 1)) and 
supervision by the Insurance and Pension Funds Supervisory Authority (“ASF”), as well as by other 
competent regulators of jurisdictions in which it operates.  
Activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer limit its ability to advance loans 
to customers and may require it to issue additional capital in the future. This may affect the Issuer’s future 
activities, its results and the cost and ability to obtain funds that could be classified as own funds, and the 
repayment of the existing subordinated debt. 
Pressure to comply with activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer could 
force the Issuer to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms, thus leading to a 
materially adverse impact on its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer’s control. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. A potential further 
alignment by Banco de Portugal to the ECB's regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in 
certain areas, such as capital requirements and acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Group’s results and financial position. Further changes or difficulties 
in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax or variations in the interpretation of laws, regulations and 
guidelines might negatively affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects. 
Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution 
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of 
resolution measures into the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral 
das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras (“RGICSF”) regulated by the Decree-Law 298/92, of 
31 December 1992, as amended).  
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree 
Law no. 114-B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the 
Directives 2014/49/EU of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced including a single resolution board (“SRB”) 
and a single fund for the resolution of banks. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation 
(as defined below) and the BRRD.  
Banco de Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its implementation 
of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or regulation. Therefore, the 
Issuer cannot anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which proportion, as well as if there could 
be an impact on the Issuer’s results and financial position. 
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities regime (“MREL”), became effective during 
2016, and requires the issue of new senior debt with a subordination structure or strengthening of Tier 2

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
capital. The implementation of the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will have implications 
on the issue of debt by bank institutions, which will lead to changes in the liability structure. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet an MREL 
requirement set by Banco de Portugal. The actual size of the Issuer´s MREL has not yet been set. Banco 
Montepio expects that Banco de Portugal will decide and notify it, during 2020, of what its MREL should 
be, as well as the timing for its implementation. The expectation is that Banco Montepio will be granted a 
period of several years (to be confirmed by Banco de Portugal once its MREL requirement is known) to 
comply with its MREL requirement, but it will be required to comply at least in part at an early date. 
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting its 
funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to 
restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without 
limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. 
Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, if they include convertibility features. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse 
market conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply 
with the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned 
instruments, there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those 
instruments at a higher premium. These proposals and/or requirements could therefore have an adverse effect 
on the business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
Basel Committee: potential impact of Basel IV requirements 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) published a package of proposed 
reforms for the global regulatory framework of banking industry which is frequently referred to as “Basel 
IV”. The BCBS’s aim is to make the capital framework more robust and to improve confidence in the system.  
The BCBS has proposed reforms which are designed to make banks more resilient and increase confidence 
in the banking system. The Basel IV proposals announced recently include updates to the ways banks 
calculate their capital requirements with the aim of making outcomes more comparable across banks globally. 
The framework will now be considered by lawmakers in national jurisdictions and at the European Union 
level. As part of this process, national or European Union authorities must decide on the use of a limited 
number of alternative calculations allowed under the BCBS proposal, so called “national options and 
discretions”. 
The BCBS proposes a nine-year implementation timetable, which allows considerable time for preparation. 
A five-year “phase-in” period would commence on 1 January 2022, with full implementation foreseen from 
1 January 2027. 
There is still a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel IV implementation, and subsequently how 
and when it will be implemented in the European Union. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions 
regarding the impact on the future capital requirements of the Issuer. 
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal are expected to change over the next two years as a 
result of changes to the CRD IV/CRR agreed by the European Union legislators. On 23 November 2016, the 
European Union Commission proposed substantial changes to the CRD IV, the CRR, the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism framework (the “November 2016 
Proposals”). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted by the Council on 14 May 2019 and published in 
the Official Journal of the EU, as follows: 
• Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”); and

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
• Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”), both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 
27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II shall 
apply from 28 December 2020. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (“CRD V”) introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, the 
implementation of the NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of 
trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration 
and the EU’s recovery and resolution framework. Most of the provisions of CRD V are required to be 
transposed into national law by 28 December 2020, with application immediately thereafter. CRR II will 
apply from 28 June 2021 (subject to certain earlier applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the 
transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments).  
Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and more 
demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely manner. 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Banco de Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-law 31- A/2012, of 10 
February 2012 (the “Resolution Fund”). The Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from the 
institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from the Portuguese banking sector – with 
an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million corresponded to the Resolution Fund’s 
own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted by the Portuguese State (the “2014 
Portuguese State Loan”), €700 million from a loan granted by a group of credit institutions that are members 
of the Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the “Participants’ Loan”). The Issuer’s share of the Participants’ 
Loan was and remains at €70 million. 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. This number varies over time and it is very difficult to 
determine the Issuer’s exact participation at any given point in time. 
In 2019, the total contribution amount totalled €74.1 million (€60.5 million in 2018), which represented an 
increase of €13.6 million over the previous year, of which circa 5.8 per cent. were contributions from the 
Issuer. 
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector and in accordance with the available data, the value 
received by the State amounted to € 179.2 million (o.w. circa 5.5 per cent. paid by the Issuer).  
The periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition amounted to €124 million (o.w. 
circa 5.3 per cent. paid by the Issuer), including contributions collected under the combined terms of the 
scheme transposing BRRD and the SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM, which was 
therefore almost entirely transferred to the SRF under Intergovernmental Agreement.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated, as there is the 
risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled. See 
"The Portuguese Banking Sector – The resolution measure applied to Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
(“Banif”)" for further information. 
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors’ 
and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant 
thereto. 
New requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability 
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and 
medium/long-term liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”). The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity 
needs under a severe stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 
of the European Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to 
maintain, in their own portfolio, high quality liquidity assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash 
outflows in the following 30 days. 
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with high liquidity assets 
but low profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs, since the ratios increase 
favours the long-term financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
results. 
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, the breach of which could cause 
damage to the Issuer 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer’s banking activities are subject to extensive 
regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, Banco de Portugal, the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), 
the European and Securities Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission (“CMVM”, Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory 
authorities from the European Union and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities. These 
regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, 
bribery and terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) 
issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling 
practices.  
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails significant 
costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal 
and reputational consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with 
applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or 
that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as extended to the Issuer, 
are applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material adverse effects on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.  
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the Issuer’s 
reputation, the application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities. 
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in the 
financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to continue. 
Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and more stringent 
capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well as more 
demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions on certain types of 
activity or transactions.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
In addition, new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer 
participates, or cause a change in the fees or commissions that the Issuer charges on certain loans or other 
products; consequently, any changes in regulation or supervision, particularly in Portugal, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or 
prospects. The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, 
the European Council and the European Parliament (together, the “European Authorities”), by Banco de 
Portugal and by the ECB has had, and could further have, a significant impact on the Issuer’s capital structure 
and financial position.  
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions 
regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These measures 
may have a significant impact on the Issuer’s capital and on its respective assets and liabilities management.  
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum Common 
Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a minimum total 
capital ratio of 8 per cent., in each case of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”). 
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the Issuer may limit 
its ability to advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or subordinated 
debt in the future, which are expensive sources of funding.  
CRD V and CRR II introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, the 
implementation of the NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of 
trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration 
and the EU’s recovery and resolution framework. Most of the provisions of CRD V are required to be 
transposed into national law by 28 December 2020, with application immediately thereafter. CRR II will 
apply from 28 June 2021 (subject to certain earlier applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the 
transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments). The 
November 2016 Proposals also include phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 
and the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework. The impact of changes to the IFRS, 
such as IFRS 9, cannot always be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in the fair values and 
impairments of financial instruments resulting from the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and, if such changes are significant, 
also on its prospects. The adoption of IFRS 9 may require an increase in the level of impairments on their 
earlier recognition.  
Furthermore, under the CRD IV, institutions may be subject to restrictions in relation to making 
“discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly as payments relating to CET1 capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall 
in meeting its capital buffer requirements or, following implementation of the Commission Proposals (as 
defined below), a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. If the 
Issuer’s ability to make discretionary payments becomes subject to such restrictions, this could have an 
impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding (including but not limited to 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer secured by a special creditor 
privilege (privilégio creditório especial) created under the Covered Bonds Law over the Cover Pool (as

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
defined in Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) maintained by the Issuer. Although primarily based 
and secured by the credits comprised in the Cover Pool, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves a 
reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. In case of insufficiency of the assets 
constituting the Cover Pool, the holders of the Covered Bonds will be treated as common creditors of the 
Issuer and will have to rely, for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Covered Bonds, on 
the sufficiency of the assets of the Issuer available to common creditors. Accordingly, the holders of Covered 
Bonds will become exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer, in case of insufficiency of the assets constituting 
the Cover Pool to meet the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. In addition, an investment in 
Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the 
Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
the Common Representative or any person other than the Issuer. 
No due diligence 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers has or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool but will instead rely on representations 
and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Programme Agreement. If such representations and warranties 
are inaccurate in any way, this may impact the quality of the Cover Pool, which secures the payments of 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds. 
The new covered bonds directive may trigger the need to make some adjustments to the Programme 
 On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published a Proposal for a Directive of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and 
amending Directive 2009/65/EC and Directive 2014/59/EU. In November 2019, the European Parliament 
and the Council adopted the legislative package made up of a new covered bond directive and a new 
regulation. The new covered bond directive, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “CBD”), and the new regulation, Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019, were published in the Official Journal on 18 
December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020. The CBD has to be implemented in national 
regulation by 8 July 2021 and covered bond issuers shall apply national implementing regulation, at the latest, 
from 8 July 2022. The CBD replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities (the “UCITS Directive”) and establishes a revised common 
base-line for the issue of covered bonds for European Union regulatory purposes (subject to various options 
that members states may choose 73 to exercise when implementing the new directive through national laws. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 will be directly applicable in the European Union (and, for these purposes, the 
European Union or an European Union member state includes the UK) from 8 July 2022. It amends Article 
129 of the CRR and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital 
treatment under the CRR regime. The amendments add requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and 
substitution assets and will strengthen the requirements for covered bonds being granted preferential capital 
treatment. Given that the aspects of the new regime will require transposition through national laws, the final 
position is not yet known. Therefore, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect 
of the new regime on the Covered Bonds. In addition, it should be noted that the CBD provides for permanent 
grandfathering with respect to certain requirements of the new regime for Article 52(4) UCITS Directive-
compliant covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the European Union Member 
States to allow tap issues with respect to grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), 
provided such tap issues comply with certain prescribed requirements. Prospective investors should therefore 
make themselves aware of the changes (and any corresponding national implementing measures) in addition 
to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Implementation of legislation relating to taxation could have a material adverse effect on Covered Bonds  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the 
Covered Bonds are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Covered Bonds. Potential 
investors are advised not to rely upon the tax section contained in this Prospectus but should ask for their 
own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and 
redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation 
of the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections 
of this Prospectus. 
The secondary market risk for Covered Bonds 
When issued, there may not exist an established trading market for Covered Bonds, and such a market may 
potentially never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or do so at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that benefit from a developed secondary market. This is particularly true for the case for Covered 
Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rates, currency or market risks and those that are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or that have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds would generally have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds.  
Other Risks 
The past performance of Covered Bonds or other securities issued by the Issuer may not be a reliable guide 
to future performance of the Covered Bonds.  
The value of Covered Bonds may fall as well as rise.  
Income or gains from Covered Bonds may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation 
arrangements.  
Where Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than the reference currency used by the investor, 
changes in currency exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the Covered 
Bonds.  
Other than as set out in this Base Prospectus, it may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds to sell or 
realise the Covered Bonds and/or obtain reliable information about their value or the extent of the risks to 
which they are exposed 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) bear a variable 
interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be payable plus or 
minus a margin. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where 
the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Covered Bonds may be

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered 
Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem the Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Issuer’s Repurchase Commitment  
The Issuer may provide a Repurchase Commitment to purchase a Series of Covered Bonds on its Repurchase 
Date. Such Repurchase Commitment will be an unsecured obligation of the Issuer only and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, it will not be secured on the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Failure by the Issuer to comply 
with its Repurchase Commitment will not constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions of 
the corresponding Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment will only apply to certain Series of Covered Bonds, as per the applicable Final 
Terms, and will be given solely for the benefit of Qualified Investors (as defined below).  
Accordingly, non-qualified investors or Qualified Investors of Series of Covered Bonds that do not benefit 
from the Repurchase Commitment should be aware that they will not be entitled to request the Issuer to 
repurchase the relevant Covered Bonds and must be prepared to hold the Covered Bonds until final 
redemption thereof. 
For the purposes of this commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean any 
qualified investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws (including 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer can be lawfully made under 
circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. 
As described under the section “Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution”, under national and European 
Union law, the Issuer may be subject to resolution measures. If the Issuer is subject to such measures, the 
impact thereof on repurchase commitments that benefit holders of Series of Covered Bonds cannot be 
anticipated, as the application and exact content of such measures is determined by the resolution authority, 
at the time of resolution. For instance, such repurchase commitment may remain a liability of the Issuer or 
subject to bail-in, whilst covered bond assets and liabilities are transferred to a bridge institution or another 
credit institution. 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Extended Maturity Date may not fall 
any later than 50 (fifty) years after the Issue Date of such Series. If an Issuer Event occurs, the maturity of 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will automatically be extended to the Extended Maturity

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem at par all or part of the 
principal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. In that event also, the interest payable on the principal amount outstanding of those 
Covered Bonds will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and such interest may apply on a fixed 
or floating basis.  
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds from the Maturity 
Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose and no payment 
will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event, unless otherwise established in the Terms and 
Conditions (see Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) as amended by the applicable Final Terms. 
Risks relating to all outstanding Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Insolvency Event 
in respect of the Issuer 
If an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of the Issuer, all outstanding Covered Bonds of the Programme 
will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds. If, as a result of the occurrence of such event triggering 
the pass-through condition, all covered bonds become pass-through Covered Bonds, there is a risk that 
holders of Covered Bonds of the Programme with a Maturity Date after such date receive principal 
repayments prior to the Maturity Date and therefore earlier than expected, which may result in a lower yield 
than expected on such holder of Covered Bonds’ investment. 
Risks relating to some but not all Covered Bonds of the Programme upon occurrence of an Issuer Default of 
Payment 
In the case of an Issuer Default of Payment Event on one Series of Covered Bonds of the Programme, such 
Covered Bonds of that Series shall be considered and will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds 
and will be due on their Extended Maturity Date, which may result in a lower yield than expected for such 
holder of Covered Bonds’ investment. 
Risks relating to any termination payments due to the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of early 
termination 
If an Issuer Event has occurred and any Covered Bonds are redeemed early on an Interest Payment Date 
following that Issuer Event, then the Hedging Contracts relating to such Covered Bonds (if any) will 
terminate early (in whole or in part) on such Interest Payment Date. In the event of an early termination of 
the Hedging Contracts, a termination payment may be due from the Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer or from 
the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty. Any termination payments due to the Issuer as a result of any such 
early termination will result in greater amounts being available to the holders of such Covered Bonds; 
however, any termination payments due to the relevant Hedge Counterparty as a result of any such early 
termination will be paid ahead of any amounts due to the holders of such Covered Bonds and, accordingly, 
less funds will be available for distribution to those holders on such Interest Payment Date.  
Risks relating to the increase in the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any relevant 
Hedging Contract so as to account for any extension in the Maturity Date of any Covered Bonds 
If an Issuer Event has occurred, then the margin payable by the Issuer to the Hedge Counterparty in any 
relevant Hedging Contract may be increased so as to account for any extension in its term and, as a 
consequence, greater amounts may become due from the Issuer to Hedge Counterparties on subsequent 
Interest Payment Dates. Payments to the Hedge Counterparties rank ahead of payments to holders and, 
accordingly, any increase in payments to the Hedge Counterparties will result in less funds being available 
for distribution to holders on subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
Mismatch risk and Market risk - distinction between standard and conditional pass-through covered bonds 
Under a pass-through structure, the mismatch risk between the maturity of the underlying assets and the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
maturity of the covered bonds is transferred to the investor, as the repayment of the covered bonds, in case 
the pass-through mechanism is triggered, will rely primarily on the collections of the Cover Pool (without 
prejudice to claim over the Issuer or its insolvency estate, as applicable, held by the holders of the Covered 
Bonds), up until the extended maturity date, as opposed to what happens prior to pass-through being 
triggered, in which circumstance the Issuer is primarily bearing this mismatch risk, irrespective of the cover 
pool cashflows. At the same time, market risk may be increased, not directly due to the pass-through structure 
itself, but due to potential fire sales of the underlying assets (losses resulting from the fire sale of the mortgage 
loans at a higher discount) to realise cash, notably if the holders of the Covered Bonds decide to accelerate 
payments under the Covered Bonds, after they have become pass-through, in accordance with the Conditions.  
Additionally, there is a risk that, particularly if all Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, the 
speed of repayment of such Pass-Through Covered Bonds will be reduced, because the available funds for 
repayment will be divided pro rata with respect to all Covered Bonds and not only those that have matured. 
In such case, it is likely that the repayment of such Covered Bonds will take longer and not at the moment 
holders of Covered Bonds anticipated to receive payments. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme, whether outstanding at the date 
hereof or in the future, benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over all assets 
forming the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds (See 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The Covered Bonds Law establishes that the Common Representative 
and any Hedge Counterparties, at the date hereof and in the future, are also preferred creditors of the Issuer 
which benefit from the above-mentioned special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial). None of 
the assets comprised in the Cover Pool is or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of the holders of 
certain Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred Creditors of the Issuer, 
on the date hereof or in the future. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions in respect of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate as determined by an Independent Adviser without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
Any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate or the emergence of alternatives to such 
benchmark or screen rate as a result of these potential reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen rate to 
perform differently from in the past or to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. The potential discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its administration 
could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated on Covered Bonds referencing 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to the benchmarks or screen rates referenced by the Covered Bonds may adversely 
affect the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities referencing such benchmark or 
screen rate. The development of alternatives to benchmarks or screen rates may result in Covered Bonds 
referencing such benchmarks or screen rates performing differently than would otherwise have been the case 
if such alternatives had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of, and return on, any Covered Bonds referencing a benchmark or screen rate. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to Covered Bonds for which Screen Rate Determination applies. Either (i) the Issuer 
will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or (ii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, the 
Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in the Covered 
Bonds performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) than they

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and 
Conditions and the Set of Agency Procedures as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by 
the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is reasonably 
practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to holders 
of the Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be 
determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to holders of the Covered Bonds. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. Furthermore, 
there is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on the Covered 
Bonds. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference 
Rate could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds and 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered 
Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds 
linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credits, other eligible assets, substitution assets and hedging contracts, 
in all cases subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal 
Regulatory Notices. The Covered Bonds Law permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and 
does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change from time to time in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law - See 
“The Covered Bonds Law”. 
Other Assets/Hedging Contracts 
The Covered Bonds Law permits the inclusion in the Cover Pool of other eligible assets and hedging contracts 
subject to certain restrictions under the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices. 
The aggregate amount of other eligible assets cannot exceed 20 per cent. of the total value of the mortgage 
credits and other eligible assets comprised in the Cover Pool. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. The 
inclusion of other eligible assets and hedging contracts as mentioned above can affect the performance of the 
Cover Pool and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds, as compared to a 
situation where no such inclusion was made or was made at different levels.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate risk 
and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Covered 
Bonds Law, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different currencies, in 
which case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. At the date of this Base Prospectus it is 
intended that the Hedging Contracts will hedge the interest rate exposure with respect to the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as the interest rate exposure with respect to the Covered Bonds. See 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging contracts, or the absence 
of entering into of hedging contracts, where the Issuer is entitled to enter into the same, can impact the 
performance of the Cover Pool and the value of, and amounts ultimately payable under, the Covered Bonds, 
as compared to a situation where the opposite decision has been taken by the Issuer. 
Value of security over residential property 
As described above, the holders of Covered Bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio 
creditório especial) over all assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds (See Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The security for a mortgage credit 
included in the Cover Pool consists of, among others, a mortgage over a property granted in favour of the 
Issuer. The value of this property and, accordingly, the level of recovery on the enforcement of the mortgage, 
may be affected by, among other circumstances, a decline in the value of the relevant property and no 
assurance can be given that the values of the relevant properties will not decline in the future. The 
enforcement of a mortgage to pay the holders of Covered Bonds is, however, highly unlikely given that the 
Covered Bonds Law establishes that any mortgage credits which are delinquent for over 90 days must be 
immediately substituted. See The Covered Bonds Law. Notwithstanding, variation in the value of the 
mortgaged properties securing mortgage credits that are part of the Cover Pool can impact the performance 
of the Cover Pool and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits included in the Cover Pool are and generally will be subject to amortisation of principal 
and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal by the 
relevant borrowers, whether in whole or in part. Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits may result 
in the Issuer being required to include further mortgage credits and/or substitute assets in the Cover Pool in 
order for the Issuer to comply with financial matching requirements under the Covered Bonds Law. If the 
Issuer is not able to properly include or substitute assets as aforesaid, this may cause the Issuer to not comply 
with the financial matching requirements under the Covered Bonds Law and can impact the performance of 
the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds. 
The value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms have 
already been implemented with further changes being anticipated. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, and they may have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds 
referencing such a benchmark. The BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union (which, for these purposes, 
includes the UK). Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU- based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks provided by 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). The BMR could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing LIBOR 
or EURIBOR or any other benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of LIBOR

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
or EURIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the rate or level or of affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of LIBOR or EURIBOR. More broadly, any of the international or national reforms 
or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the 
costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have any of the following effects on certain 
benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to such 
benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks; (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of 
the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result 
of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation 
of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. 
Separately, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of 
guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue 
to be supported going forward. This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than they have 
in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), to create disincentives for market 
participants to continue to administer or participate in certain benchmarks or to have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, the 
establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could 
also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, 
such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments 
that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that:  
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR and LIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, 
including causing it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Terms and Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders 
of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation 
of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities (including 
the Covered Bonds) based on the same benchmark; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise 
unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the 
relevant fallback provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market in 
the case of EURIBOR), may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the 
availability of rates information at the relevant time). 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR 
or LIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur 
with respect to EURIBOR or LIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such 
benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters, consult their own independent 
advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks when making their investment decision 
with respect to the Covered Bonds. Investors in Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or 
LIBOR should be mindful of the applicable interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to EURIBOR or LIBOR, as applicable. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including macroeconomic risk, liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
Coronavirus impacting global economy and markets  
Coronaviruses (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more 
severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory 
Syndrome (SARS-CoV). The novel coronavirus (named COVID-19 by the World Health Organisation), 
reportedly first discovered in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, on 31 December 2019, is a new strain that has 
not been previously identified in humans.  
In Portugal, the Directorate General of Health (Direção-Geral da Saúde) has been closely following the 
development of the COVID-19 outbreak and certain public health protocols have now been activated, 
including epidemiological monitoring and surveillance, risk management and communication, which are 
usual in these situations. 
The impact of COVID-19 on global markets has been varied, increasing short-term volatility and leaving 
investors concerned over slowing economic growth in the world economy. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
given the uncertainty of the lasting effect of the COVID-19 outbreak, the financial impact on the global 
economy cannot be determined. In the medium to long term, if the rapid spread of COVID-19 continues, it 
could adversely affect global economies and financial markets, resulting in a prolonged economic downturn. 
The economic recovery post-COVID-19 will be dependent on the continued spread of COVID-19. COVID-
19 carries supply chain implications, including limitations on the global movement of people and goods, 
disruption of industrial production and the reduction of private consumption. The COVID-19 outbreak may, 
either directly or indirectly, impact on the Issuer, its clients, investors and credit markets which in turn may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
Although COVID-19 is still spreading and the final implications of this pandemic are difficult to estimate at 
this stage, it will have significant consequences and will have a substantial worldwide negative effect. As 
such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial negative effect on 
Portugal and the Portuguese economy. 
The potential impacts of COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks 
Although COVID-19 is still spreading and the final implications of this pandemic are difficult to estimate at 
this stage, it will have significant macro-economic consequences and will have a substantial worldwide 
negative effect. As such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of the 
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial 
negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy.  
At present, the pandemic has led to the declaration of a state of emergency in various countries, including 
Portugal (although this has since been lowered to “calamity state”), as well as the imposition of travel 
restrictions, the establishment of quarantines and the temporary shutdowns of various institutions and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
companies, including the adoption by the Issuer and by other credit institutions and companies in Portugal 
of an unprecedented measure, namely that of having all, or the vast majority, of its central services’ 
employees, working remotely.  
Therefore, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer, including for the following reasons:  
Firstly, the spread of such diseases amongst the Issuer’s employees, or within its facilities, or any quarantine 
measures affecting the Issuer’s employees, may reduce the Issuer’s personnel’s ability to carry out their work, 
thus affecting the Issuer’s operations.  
Secondly, any quarantine or spread of virus may affect clients’ capacity to carry out their business operations, 
which may consequently adversely affect the Issuer’s own capacity to carry out its business as normal.  
Thirdly, the current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may also have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s counterparties and/or clients, resulting in additional risks in the performance of the obligations 
assumed by them for the Issuer, as and when the same fall due, ultimately exposing the Issuer to an increased 
number of defaults and insolvencies among its counterparties and/or clients.  
In the first half of 2020, Banco Montepio recorded €109.4 million of loan impairments resulting from the 
increase in credit risk due to the Covid-19 pandemic and from the reinforcement of the impairment levels. 
The reinforcement of impairments led to a cost of risk of 1.8% and to a negative net income of €51.3 million, 
with the NPE coverage by impairments increasing to 58.4%, and to 89.8% if related collaterals are also 
considered. 
In the current context, in light of the existing uncertainty as to both the duration and scale of the COVID-19 
pandemic, it is not possible to quantify the potential impacts on the business of Banco Montepio, which will 
essentially derive from external factors affecting the demand for banking products and services. This 
assessment is difficult with the information currently available, as there is currently no data to assess the 
depth of the impacts or their duration. 
Depending on the depth and extent of the disruptive impacts, the Issuer’s business and profitability will be 
affected to a greater or lesser degree. Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, profits and financial position.  
The impact of the financial and credit crisis 
The capital and credit markets have experienced several periods of volatility and disruption, since 2008. The 
market dislocations have led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing widespread 
liquidation of assets and further constraining the credit markets. These asset sales, along with asset sales by 
other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, have driven down prices and valuations across a wide 
variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of many of the 
asset categories represented on the balance sheet of Banco Montepio, and reduces its ability to sell assets at 
prices deemed acceptable.  
If current levels of market volatility worsen significantly, Banco Montepio’s ability to access the capital 
markets and obtain the necessary funding to support its business activities on acceptable terms may be 
adversely affected. Among other things, an inability to refinance assets on the balance sheet or maintain 
appropriate levels of capital to protect against deteriorations in their value could force Banco Montepio to 
liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms. 
These factors could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operation or prospects of Banco Montepio. 
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions 
DECO, the consumers’ association (Portuguese Association for Consumer Protection), together with some 
political parties are seeking to build a consensus towards introducing a change in law in order to limit or

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
reduce certain commissions charged by banks in Portugal. Certain proposals were passed in Parliament in 
late 2019, which are to be further discussed, detailed and voted upon in specialised committees. Other similar 
or broader initiatives may arise in the future, which content and range is still unknown. If those proposals are 
approved, or if other proposals arise, they may impose some limits to commissions charged by banks which 
may adversely affect the business and performance of the Issuer. 
United Kingdom’s Exit from the European Union  
On 23 June 2016, the UK held a referendum on its membership of the European Union. The result was for 
the UK to leave the European Union (“Brexit”). On 17 October 2019, the UK and the European Union 
entered into a withdrawal agreement in relation to Brexit (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). The Withdrawal 
Agreement provides for a transition period from the exit date until 31 December 2020 (unless such period is 
extended) (the “Transition Period”). During this Transition Period, new and existing European Union law 
will continue to apply in the UK which will form part of a new category of UK domestic law known as 
“retained European Union law”. Secondary legislation may be passed to amend such retained European 
Union law. The UK’s departure and the uncertainty in the trade negotiations during the transition period are 
likely to generate further increased volatility in the markets and economic uncertainty which could adversely 
affect the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to determine the full impact the 
UK’s departure from the European Union and/or any related matters may have on general economic 
conditions. 
Economic activity in Portugal 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by the 
level and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding implemented political measures 
may also have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, pose 
additional challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the Portuguese economy. The 
uncertainty and risks associated with the world economy’s growth have increased in recent months, in 
particular, due to international trade tensions (e.g. US and China; US and EU), but also due to the instability 
surrounding the UK’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) and to the continued political turmoil in Italy. 
Besides, a sharper slowdown in China’s economic activity (despite higher-than-estimated developments in 
early 2019) and the still high sensitivity of some emerging markets to changes in risk premia may accentuate 
downside risks to global economic activity.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, having 
a negative impact on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme; (ii) the yield of Portuguese Government bonds, impacting the capital position of the Issuer; and 
(iii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on the business of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by 
the evolution of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of 
borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the 
Portuguese economy and market interest rates. 
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation is still unfolding, and private and public debt levels remain 
high. It is still unclear whether the Portuguese economy will recover in a sustainable way, particularly through 
an increase in public and private investment.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, and may adversely affect its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and 
the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and 
services that the Issuer has to offer. In particular, limited growth in customer loans is expected in the coming 
years, which may make it difficult for the Issuer to generate enough interest income to maintain its net interest 
margin. Additionally, an environment of extremely low or even negative interest rates is expected to continue, 
which limits the Issuer's ability to increase net interest margin and profitability, given that the majority of the 
Issuer's loan portfolio is composed of floating interest rate loans. 
Furthermore, the reduction in the profitability of companies and the increase in corporate and personal 
insolvencies have had, and may continue to have, a negative influence on the ability of the Issuer's clients to 
pay back loans, and, consequently, could cause an increase in the ratio of overdue loans, reflecting a 
deterioration of the Issuer’s quality of assets.  
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of 
the Issuer.  
Banking Markets and Competition 
The profitability of the banking system improved in 2019, although it is at a significantly lower level of that 
observed in the period prior to the global financial crisis. Despite the recovery in profitability in recent years, 
its current level remains significantly lower than in the period preceding the international financial crisis of 
2007-08. This difference is due, in part, to the considerable decrease in trading gains, as well as to the 
significant reduction in the net interest margin, associated with the current very low level of interest rates and 
the persistence of non-performing loans on institutions' balance sheets as a result of increased default during 
and following the financial and sovereign debt crises. 
In 2019, the NPL ratio maintained the downward trend observed in recent years, however, in a context marked 
by the COVID-19 pandemic, the materialisation of the very unfavourable macroeconomic outlook in the 
coming years is likely to negatively affect the capacity of the non-financial private sector to service debt, 
namely, in the case of companies, in some sectors particularly vulnerable to the current context, leading to a 
deterioration in loan quality and a consequent increase in delinquencies. 
The current economic and financial context points to the interruption of the downward trend in non-
performing loans, and the conditions for the decrease in this stock are expected to become less favourable or 
even to disappear. 
The exposure to sovereign debt remained at high levels in 2019 and continued to be dominated by Portuguese 
public debt, although showing a reduction compared to 2018. 
The banking system is exposed to real estate which increases the sensitivity of the banking system to changes 
in property prices. In the current context of a pandemic crisis, this is particularly relevant in view of possible 
reductions in property prices related, inter alia, to the decline in tourism activity. 
The Portuguese banking system funding structure changed together with the balance sheet decrease, the 
decline in the reliance on wholesale funding supported on other stable funding sources, particularly customer 
deposits, allowing Portuguese banks to reduce the dependence on international financial markets. 
The challenges the Portuguese banking system tackles are linked not only to its intrinsic vulnerabilities, but 
also to the need to adapt to expected developments both in terms of regulation and in terms of operations and 
competition. Competition is expected to increase in some of the banks' activity segments due to the product 
offering incorporating technological innovation. 
The increasingly demanding regulatory framework and adverse economic conditions, associated with weak 
profitability in the banking system, and the ongoing elimination of transitional provisions for eligibility of 
own funds, in the scope of the CRR/CRD IV implementation process has put pressure on Portuguese banks’ 
solvency levels.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
The above vulnerabilities and risks of the banking and financial sector could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s portfolio, which could have a negative 
impact on the ability to raise adequate funds for the development of its business activity. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered 
Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. There is no 
obligation of the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated independently of any other securities rating. 
Any Rating Agency may lower or withdraw its rating. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the 
Covered Bonds are subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement for the original ratings to be restored. Any such 
lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price 
of the Covered Bonds. The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely 
payment of interest due on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and the likelihood 
of ultimate payment of principal in relation to Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the 
Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. The ratings address only the credit risks associated with the 
transaction. However, other non-credit risks are not addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to 
investors. Due to the methodology of the main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by 
the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating 
may also likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the negative economic impact which 
may be caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread 
health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned 
to the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value 
of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. The Issuer has not requested a rating of the 
Covered Bonds by any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies. There can be no assurance, however,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Covered Bonds or, if it did, what rating would be assigned 
by such other rating agency. The rating assigned by such other rating agency to the Covered Bonds could be 
lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
Appointment of a Dealer as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. In such case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to 
time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Holders of the Covered Bonds during the term and on the maturity of the Covered Bonds or 
the market price, liquidity or value of the Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Modification and waiver 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders of the 
Covered Bonds to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Holders of the Covered Bonds including Holders of the Covered Bonds who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders of the Covered Bonds who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by Portuguese law in effect as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any potential judicial 
decision or change to Portuguese law, including the Covered Bonds Law, the Bank of Portugal Regulatory 
Notices or administrative practice following the issue date of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Holders of the Covered Bonds’ details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the 
clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of 
the Covered Bonds (the “beneficial owner”) of the information referred to in “Risks related to withholding 
tax” above required to comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005. 
Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, the obligation of collecting from the beneficiaries proof of their non-
Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other requirements for the exemption rests with the 
direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the entities managing the 
international clearing systems. Details of those procedures are set out in “Taxation – Special Debt securities 
tax regime”. Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese 
laws and regulations, further clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and 
regulations, and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the Covered Bonds are registered 
by Interbolsa. Beneficiaries must comply with such procedures in order to receive payments under the 
Covered Bonds free of any withholding, if applicable. Beneficiaries must seek their own advice to ensure 
that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Covered 
Bonds. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any 
responsibility therefor. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. Covered Bonds may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors, who should consider the terms of the Covered Bonds 
before investing.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
A holder of a Floating Rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels which 
make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance and to the risk of 
uncertain interest income 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear a variable interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Covered Bond is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate 
levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. Interest on 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be payable plus or minus a margin. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem the Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Covered Bonds from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds tends 
to be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate 
tends to be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus, shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 
2019 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2019.pdf), 
and 
31 
December 
2018 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2018.pdf), as approved by the General Meeting of the Issuer, available in Portuguese 
and English languages, in each case together with the auditors' reports prepared in connection 
therewith, which appear in the annual report of the issuer for the relevant year; 
(b) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 
December 
2019 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2019.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2018 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2018.pdf), as approved by the General Meeting of the Issuer, in each case together 
with the auditors' reports prepared in connection therewith, which appear in the annual report of the 
Issuer for relevant year; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six month 
period 
ended 
30 
June 
2020 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/institucional/informa
cao-financeira/banco-montepio-first-half-report-2020.pdf) available in Portuguese and 
English languages, in each case together with the auditors' review report prepared in connection 
therewith. 
(d) 
the unaudited interim non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six month period 
ended 
30 
June 
2020 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/institucional/informacao-
financeira/banco-montepio-first-half-report-2020.pdf) available in Portuguese and English 
languages, in each case together with the auditors' review report prepared in connection therewith; 
(e) 
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first nine months of 2020 (available at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
consolidated-results-3-quarter-2020.pdf); and 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 79 to 106 of the base prospectus 
dated 14 July 2016 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-
programes/covered-
bond/20160714%20Banco%20Montepio%20CPTCB%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf; 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 79 to 104 of the base prospectus 
dated 27 April 2017 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-
programes/covered-
bond/20170427%20Banco%20Montepio%20CPTCB%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out on pages 99 to 126 of the base prospectus

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
dated 15 March 2019 which can be viewed online at: https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-
resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-financeira-montepio/funding-
programes/covered-bond/CPTCB-programme-dated-15032019.pdf. 
 
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not specifically listed is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for information purposes only. Any documents 
themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
If any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds arises, the Issuer will prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
 
In respect of the Issuer, this Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer which, according 
to the nature of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as 
well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds.The Covered Bonds have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. persons (see Subscription 
and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements below). 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
Each of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors and of the Audit Committee of the Issuer (see 
Board of Directors and Other Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer), are responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and hereby declare that, to the best of its knowledge (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. The Auditor has 
responsibility for the financial information that has been certified by it and that is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. KPMG & Associados - SROC, S.A., registered with the CMVM with number 9098, 
with registered office at Edifício Monumental, Av. Praia da Vitória n.º 17A, 11th floor, 1069-006 Lisboa 
has audited and certified the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2018. PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered 
at CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 
1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon has issued an audit report on the financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019. The consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements for 
such financial years give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Issuer as at 31 December 2018 
and 31 December 2019, as applicable, and of the results of the Issuer’s operations and cash flows for the 
years then ended (see General Information). This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see Documents Incorporated by 
Reference). Any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including those documents incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer further confirms that this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects 
and is not misleading; the opinions and the intentions expressed in it are honestly held by it and based on 
reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts relating to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any statement herein or opinions 
or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have 
been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in, or 
not consistent with, this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the Common Representative (as defined under General 
Description of the Programme) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (as defined below) does not constitute an offer to sell or a 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than Covered Bonds or an offer to sell or a solicitation of 
any offer to buy any Covered Bonds in any circumstance in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or unlawful. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (save for 
application for approval by the Central Bank of Ireland of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds outside 
the EEA or the UK or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that would result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom, 
the EEA, Japan, Republic of Italy, and the Portuguese Republic. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary 
Market Arrangements. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers have not separately verified (i) the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation, or warranty, or 
compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or 
document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any other 
agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealers makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, 
validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or 
document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered 
Bonds.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should: 
(i) determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in (including incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make its own determination of the 
suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own 
investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such 
investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention 
of the Arranger, the Common Representative or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , as amended, to “U.S.$”, 
“USD” or “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
and to “£” or “GBP” or “pounds sterling” are to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the UK.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND SETTLEMENT 
 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depositary (“CSD”) which will be the 
Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários 
(“Interbolsa”). 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa’s 
settlement systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the 
Arranger or any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the 
facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and 
procedures. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Covered Bonds 
held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such interests. 
Interbolsa renders the services of centralized registration of securities registered in favour of its participants, 
and facilitates the settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective participants. Interbolsa also provides various other financial services, including settlement of 
domestically and internationally traded securities. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds will only be issued outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which 
allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number 
(“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through 
LCH.Clearnet, S.A., as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext Dublin takes place on the third Business Day after 
the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place at the Bank of Portugal on the 
settlement date. 
Form of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (escriturais) and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and 
the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds 
held through Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds must be registered Covered Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds held in the 
individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the Interbolsa 
Participants. The expression “Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled 
to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall 
be treated as the holder of the Covered Bonds recorded therein, and accordingly the rights and obligations 
attached thereto. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in TARGET2 
by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds 
and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of their participants, who act as 
custodian banks of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Interbolsa Participant must, at the request of Interbolsa, inform the Paying Agent of the bank accounts 
to which the relevant payments shall be made. Interbolsa must notify the Paying Agent of the amounts to 
be settled, which Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules governing the 
accounts of the Interbolsa Participants.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the TARGET2 current account of the Paying Agent 
must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa. After a payment 
has been processed, whether in full or in part, the Paying Agent must confirm that fact to Interbolsa. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such 
Covered Bonds. No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in 
accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”), (b) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (c) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
(and beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in 
the UK might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] per cent. /Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] 
Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW 59/2006, OF 20 MARCH 2006 
(AS AMENDED, THE “COVERED BONDS LAW”), AND FURTHER APPLICABLE 
REGULATIONS. THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED ON THE COVER POOL 
MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described 
herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 
2020, [as supplemented on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”).2 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.]3  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time. The Base 
Prospectus and the supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for viewing at Caixa Económica 
Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, at 
www.bancomontepio.pt and at www.ise.ie and copies may be obtained from the same addresses.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [14 July 2016] / 
[27 April 2017] / [15 March 2019]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 2020 [as supplemented on [●]] which constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [14 July 2016] / [27 April 2017] / [15 March 2019] 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 
2020 [as supplemented on [●]]. The Base Prospectus and the supplements to the Base Prospectus are 
available for viewing at Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., Rua Castilho, 
5, 1250-066 Lisbon, at www.bancomontepio.pt and at www.ise.ie and copies may be obtained from the 
same address.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa 
económica bancária, S.A. 
2 
(i) Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii)  [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Covered Bonds become fungible.)] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
2 References to the Prospectus Regulation shall be removed when the Final Terms are used as a pricing supplement, in 
the scope of exempt offers. 
3 Include for listed Covered Bonds only.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
4 
(i) Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Covered Bonds: 
A.   Series: 
[●] 
B.   [Tranche: 
[●]] 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds 
are to be admitted to trading 
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
5 
(i) Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
(ii)   [Net Proceeds 
(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●]] 
6 
Specified Denominations: 
[●][any Covered Bonds, distributed to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, will always be issued in a denomination 
per unit not lower than 
€100,000] 
7 
(i) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[insert date] [The Extended Maturity Date 
should not fall later than 50 years after the Issue 
Date of such Series]. 
10 
Interest Basis 
 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[●] per cent.] / [Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[Euribor/Libor] +/- Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] [Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in [17/18/19] 
below) / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[Euribor/Libor] +/-
Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] 
(further particulars specified in [17/18/19] below) 
[Insert "Not Applicable" only if Extended Maturity 
Date does not apply]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
11 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds 
extended 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
is 
6.8, 
redemption will be made in accordance with 
Condition 6.9. 
12 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
or 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 17 
and 18 below and identify there [Not 
Applicable]] 
13 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified in [20/21] below)] 
14 
(i) Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
direct, 
unconditional and senior obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu with all other 
mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued  
by the Issuer. The Covered Bonds will qualify 
as mortgage covered bonds for the purposes of 
the Covered Bonds Law, which are secured by 
the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds 
Law. 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
15 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
16 
Listing/Admission 
to 
Market 
[Euronext Dublin/None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
 
 
17 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs 
(i) and (ii) not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(i) Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum
 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrears], or following an 
Issuer Event payable monthly in arrears 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent per annum. 
payable monthly in arrears 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which an Issuer Event 
has occurred): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or 
any other date in which 
an Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in 
each month up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount, except if an Issuer 
Event has occurred, in which case it shall be [[•] 
per [•] in nominal amount]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal 
amount] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any 
initial or final broken interest amounts which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[30/360 
or 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), 
in 
accordance with Condition 4] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), in accordance with Condition 4] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any 
other date in which the Issuer 
Event has occurred): 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert 
such dates in the alternative)] in each year] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or 
any other date in which 
the Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [The first Business Day in 
each month up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
18 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(i) Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or any other 
date in which the Issuer Event 
has occurred): 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date (or 
any other date in which 
the Issuer Event has 
occurred) up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[The first Business Day in each 
month up to and including the Extended Maturity
Date] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business
 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[State 
“Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless 
Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(v) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
(vi)  Screen Rate Determination: 
A.  To Maturity Date: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor / LIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second London business day prior to start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the 
second day of on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
Euribor or euro LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters 
EURIBOR01” ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions accordingly)

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
B. From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Euribor / LIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second London business day prior to start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the 
second day of on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
Euribor or euro LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not “Reuters 
EURIBOR01” ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions accordingly) 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
A. To Maturity Date: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
B. From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum [State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity 
Date.] 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity 
Date.] 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[●] per cent. per annum 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity 
Date.] 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for 
alternatives) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds 
are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(xii) Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions 
and 
denominator 
relating to the interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
[●] 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds are 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity 
Date.] 
19 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)  Reference Price 
[●] 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
late payment: 
[Condition 6.7 applies] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
20 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Terms and 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
21 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii)   Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Terms and 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination/Other] (NB – It shall 
correspond to the nominal amount) 
23 
[Early Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond payable on an event of 
default] 
Applicable 
(each Covered Bond shall be redeemed at its 
principal amount outstanding upon the serving of 
an Acceleration Notice in accordance with 
Condition 9.1) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
24 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Book-entry (escriturais) with Interbolsa 
settlement system. 
Registered (nominativas) covered bonds 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which item 17 (iii) relates) 
26 
Details relating to Partly Paid Covered 
Bonds: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date on 
which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Covered Bonds and interest 
due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
27 
Details relating to Instalment Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) Instalment Amount(s):  
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if 
Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
terms of the redenomination in an Annex to the 
Final Terms) 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
30 
(i) If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of 
relevant agreement] 
 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: [●] 
(iii)   Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv)   If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
31 
(i)   Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Covered Bonds offered may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified) 
(ii)   Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(iii)   [U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 2/TEFRA not 
applicable/ Provide details] 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Covered Bonds described 
herein pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By: ...................................................................  ................................................................... 
Duly authorized 
Duly authorized

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/ None] 
(ii)  Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Dublin / None] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[●] 
 
 
2. Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been 
Rated [insert legal name and defined term]: 
[Moody’s: [●]] and/or 
[Fitch: [●]]and/or 
[DBRS: [●]]and/or 
[Other RA: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
Each credit rating agency is established in the 
[European Union / United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009, as amended. 
[Insert brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
3. [Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.” – amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
 
 
4. Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●]/[see “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus] 
(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[●] 
[(iii) Total Expenses 
[●]] 
 
 
5. YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent.  
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
an estimation only and calculated with reference 
to the Rate of Interest that would be payable if 
the Issue Date would be an Interest Payment 
Date and on the assumption that such Rate of 
Interest (comprising the relevant rate + margin) 
would not change in the future. Investors should 
be aware that the Rate of Interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date will be subject to 
variation of the relevant Reference Rate. The 
index used to calculate the yield was [●]] 
6. Operational Information 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set 
out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Repurchase Commitment 
(i) Applicability of the Repurchase 
Commitment: 
[Yes] [No] 
(ii) Repurchase Amount: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date]]  
[Other] 
 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set 
out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose 
of such Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
incorporated by reference to each Covered Bond. Reference should be made to ”Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds‟ for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS (“OBRIGAÇÕES HIPOTECÁRIAS”) ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW (AS 
DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS) IS A SAVINGS BANK (CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA) WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE 
ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS LAW ARE SECURED ON THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER 
POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS 
LAW. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered bonds issued by Caixa 
Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (the “Issuer”) in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the Agency and Payments Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency. 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency and Payments 
Procedures”) dated 27 April 2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa 
económica bancária, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
Any reference to “Holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity registered as such in the 
relevant securities’ account. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (such Paying Agents referred to as the “Agents”). Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of 
the Agents and at Euronext Dublin’s website – www.ise.ie - save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, 
the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered Bonds 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of 
such Covered Bonds and identity. The Holders of Covered Bonds are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency and 
Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions; 
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the 
date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that 
date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency 
and Payments Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the 
Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain available 
for payment against presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and 
Conditions; 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in registered form (nominativas). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (escriturais) in Interbolsa’s systems and title to the Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of 
title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa 
Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the Covered Bonds 
recorded therein as well as its attached obligations and liabilities. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Terms applicable to other types and structures of Covered Bonds, that the Issuer and any Dealer(s) may 
agree to issue under the Programme, will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, and those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date and 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Covered Bond may also be an Instalment Covered Bond depending 
upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the relevant Extended Maturity Date will apply (under a Default of Payment Event) if the Issuer 
fails to pay any applicable instalment, irrespectively of such failure applying on the Covered Bond’s 
Maturity Date or on a prior Interest Payment Date. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in denomination per unit not lower 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless the 
Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in which

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond, in 
accordance with Portuguese Law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa, which requires that the 
transfers are prima facie made via the global accounts held by the participants in such system. 
Covered Bonds may be held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as long as these entities become indirect 
participants in Interbolsa. In such scenario, indirect holders of the Covered Bond will be able to transfer 
such interest in accordance with the applicable procedures set forth in Portuguese Law and the Interbolsa’s 
regulations (as applicable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream as indirect participants of this system) and the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered 
Bonds are mortgage covered securities issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, which are 
secured by the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds 
Law, and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered securities issued 
or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as 
provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of 
that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the 
relevant holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) 
which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2.(ii) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last 
day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(B) Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, 
“ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under 
which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period, or (B) in any other case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-condition 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, 
as applicable, the relevant Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
The Agency and Payments Procedures contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate 
of Interest.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the minimum rate of interest due under the relevant Covered Bonds shall be zero. 
(D) Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(E) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (and the SCI, when appointed) 
and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant competent listing authority or quotation system on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to the Common Representative and 
each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Holders of Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(F) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, whether by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer (and the SCI, when appointed), the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any Calculation 
Agent, the Common Representative and all Holders of Covered Bonds and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the Holders of Covered Bonds shall attach to 
the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease 
to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until (i) the 
date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) five days after the 
date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received 
by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the 
Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the 
earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds 
are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of Interest). 
In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 4.4(B) on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, and if the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the 
rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days 
after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
An Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. In case such Covered Bonds are extended to their respective Extended 
Maturity Date and such extension takes place after their respective Maturity Date, then, for the 
purposes of this Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date; in case 
such extension occurs before such Maturity Date, then the principal amount outstanding shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6.7 (Late payment on Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds). Furthermore, upon such an extension to their respective Extended Maturity Date, 
interest will be due on the relevant principal amount outstanding (as it may be reduced by 
reimbursements from time to time) at the interest rate provided for in the applicable Final Terms 
until those Covered Bonds are fully redeemed. 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply to the Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at 
its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the 
Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event one 
has been appointed) may determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, (A) a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with this Condition 4.5. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with 
paragraphs (A) or (B) above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (D) below) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to further 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5); 
(D) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or, 
as the case may be, the Issuer (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply as 
described in paragraph (C) above without an Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Set of Agency 
Procedures in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, 
(A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Date, time at which the Relevant Screen Page is observed and/or the definition 
of Reference Rate and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the 
Covered Bonds (such amendments, together, the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such consequential amendments to 
the Set of Agency Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to the application of this Condition 4.5. No consent shall be required from the holders

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
of the Covered Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or any Benchmark 
Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the 
Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give 
notice thereof to the holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) 
and the Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the specific terms of any other Benchmark Amendments, and their 
effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the 
holders of the Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any 
determination made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this 
Condition 4.5; and 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the 
purpose of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (i) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does 
not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 4.5, and (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 
4.5, but the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and has not been notified of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.5(H) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and 
the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5. 
 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident 
of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by the payee 
with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 (Payments),

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction) or by cheque drawn on a US bank. In no event 
will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments of 
interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by United 
States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 Payments in relation to Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may only be made 
in euro or in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant 
Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in TARGET2 by the 
Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and 
thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-accounts 
to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered 
Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
5.3 Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; or 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and 
any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.4 Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
in relation to Covered Bonds redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
5.5 Reserve Account  
(i) 
While Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Covered Bonds will have the benefit of a Reserve Account 
held by the Issuer with the Reserve Account Bank in respect of the Programme and the Reserve 
Account and any balances standing to the credit thereof will form part of the Cover Pool and be 
subject to the same legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. The Issuer 
shall ensure that the legal requirements as required by the Covered Bonds Law for the Reserve 
Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover Pool are met at all times. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will be required to maintain at all times in the Reserve Account funds in an amount equal 
to or in excess of Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and interest on the Covered Bonds (i.e. items 
(i) and (ii) of the payments priority provided for in Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision)), due and 
payable in the following 3 (three) months, including Expenses, Owed Hedging Payments and interest 
due assuming that, for each Covered Bond series, either (a) it is already pass-through if there are no 
scheduled payments in the next 3 (three) months, or (b) otherwise it becomes pass-through 
immediately after its next scheduled interest payment (“Total Target Reserve Amount”). The Total 
Target Reserve Amount shall be available on any Interest Payment Date towards the payment of 
interest due on the Covered Bonds that have been extended to their Extended Maturity Date to the 
extent that there are otherwise insufficient available funds or towards the payment of principal due 
on the Covered Bonds if all Series of Covered Bonds can be fully redeemed on such payment date if 
the Reserve Account funds are made available. As long as the funds in the Reserve Account equal or 
exceed the Total Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer will not be required to transfer any additional 
amounts to the Reserve Account. If the amounts standing in the Reserve Account exceed the Total 
Target Reserve Amount, the Issuer may, in case no Issuer Event has occurred, release the excess 
amounts, without prejudice to the obligation of compliance with the maintenance of the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. Upon (i) the occurrence of an Insolvency Event, the Issuer or the 
SCI (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the 
relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and applied pursuant to 
Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the second Business Day after the notification has been 
made towards the payment of interest due (if any) on the Covered Bonds that have been extended to 
their respective Extended Maturity Date; (ii) a Series not having been repaid in full on its Maturity 
Date, the Issuer or the SCI (if applicable) shall no later than the next Business Day notify the Reserve 
Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve Account to be made available and 
applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the Business Day following the 
occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event; (iii) interest due under a Series not having been 
paid in full on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer or the SCI (if applicable) shall no later than the 
next Business Day notify the Reserve Account Bank for the relevant funds deposited in the Reserve 
Account to be made available and applied pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) on the 
Business Day following the occurrence of the related Default of Payment Event. 
(iii) The funds available in the Reserve Account and the Total Target Reserve Amount shall be monitored 
by the Cover Pool Monitor on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor identifies that the funds 
available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, it shall report that 
fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed upon 
procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
(iv) 
Upon redemption of all Series of Covered Bonds, any funds remaining to the credit of the Reserve 
Account will be paid to the Issuer. 
(v) 
At the Issuer’s option, the Reserve Account may be replaced by a liquidity facility, through a 
Liquidity Facility Agreement to be agreed with a Liquidity Facility Provider pursuant to which the 
Issuer, or the SCI, will be entitled to make liquidity drawings equal to the interest payable on the 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Dates following the occurrence of a Liquidity Event up to a 
maximum amount equal to Total Target Reserve Amount. This replacement will be subject to

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
obtaining the Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from 
the Rating Agencies that such replacement would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or 
placement on credit watch of the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written 
indication by the Rating Agencies that it does not have any comments to said replacement; or (iii) a 
written communication by the Rating Agencies that, having concluded the review of said 
replacement, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) within 30 days after each of the 
Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional period to analyse have 
been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written communication from the Rating 
Agencies.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days’ 
notice to the Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the 
Holders of Covered Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds 
accordingly. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds will be redeemed proportionally. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise 
and/or settlement of any such call option right is subject to no Issuer Event (other than a Default of Payment 
Event not affecting the relevant Series) having occurred prior to such exercise or settlement, and in case 
such event has occurred prior to the settlement date that exercise shall be of no effect. For the purpose of 
verifying the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
failure by the Issuer to repay principal on the relevant Issuer Call Option settlement date will be regarded 
as a failure to pay on the respective Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, no principal may be repaid 
following the redemption resulting from the exercise of the Issuer Call Option established in this Condition 
until Series governed by Conditions 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) have been fully redeemed. 
6.3 Redemption at the option of the Holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 
(sixty) days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. To exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this 
Covered Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition. Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right to require redemption will be exercised directly against the Issuer, 
through the relevant Paying Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise and settlement of any Investor 
Put Option is subject to no Issuer Event (other than a Default of Payment Event not affecting the relevant 
Series) having occurred prior to such exercise or settlement, and in case such event has occurred prior to 
the settlement date that exercise shall be of no effect. For the purpose of verifying the occurrence of a 
Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, failure by the Issuer to repay 
principal on the relevant Investor Put Option settlement date will be regarded as a failure to pay on the 
respective Maturity Date. For the sake of clarity, no principal may be repaid following the redemption

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
resulting from the exercise of the Put Option established in this Condition, until Series governed by 
Conditions 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) have been fully redeemed. 
6.4 Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates, 
provided that a failure by the Issuer to pay an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date other than the 
Maturity Date will be regarded as a failure to pay on the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of verifying 
a Default of Payment Event in respect of the relevant Series of Instalment Covered Bonds, thereby having 
as its consequence the application of Condition 6.8 (Extended of Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date) to the entire relevant Series and to all future Instalments Amounts due under such Series. 
6.5 Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.6 Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and 
any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Purchases) 
above shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.7 Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.8 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond pursuant to Conditions 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) or 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount 
calculated according to the following formula: 
 
 
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
 
RP x (1 + AY) y 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually. 
The same formula above will apply following the occurrence of an Issuer Event affecting the relevant Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds, to calculate the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond, provided that for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount, the relevant date shall 
be the Maturity Date.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
6.8 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each 
Series of Covered Bonds, provided that the Extended Maturity Date may not fall later than 50 (fifty) 
years after the Issue Date of such Series. 
(B) 
Such Extended Maturity Date, defined in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of 
Covered Bonds, will apply if any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event”) takes place: 
(i) 
Insolvency Event, in result of which all Series (which would otherwise be due on their 
respective Maturity Date) become due on their respective Extended Maturity Date, without 
prejudice to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement); and 
(ii) 
Default of Payment Event, in result of which the Series where such default in payment 
occurred become due on its respective Extended Maturity Date. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the above Issuer Events, the Issuer shall forthwith notify the 
Common Representative and the Programme Account shall be set up by the Issuer (or the SCI), as 
soon as reasonably practicable, within 30 (thirty) calendar days of that event. Without prejudice to 
the foregoing, the Common Representative shall be notified in case of an Issuer Event occurring as 
a result of a Default of Payment Event, by the Agent upon so becoming aware. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, once the Programme Account has been set up, all cash proceeds 
arising under, or otherwise existing in, the Cover Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, 
by the Issuer (or the SCI) to the Programme Account. For the sake of clarity, in case the relevant 
Issuer Event was a Default of Payment Event, then, when all the Covered Bonds which have been 
extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date thereunder have been fully reimbursed and no 
other Issuer Event has taken place, this proceeds transfer obligation will no longer apply and any 
balance then existing in the Programme Account shall be released to the Issuer. 
Upon an Insolvency Event, the Issuer (or the SCI) shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, within 
45 (forty-five) calendar days of that event notify the borrowers under any Mortgage Credits to make 
any due payments directly into the Programme Account. 
(C) 
After an Issuer Event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of 
all or (in case of a Default of Payment Event) the relevant Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, 
in accordance with Condition 6.9 (Pass-through provision) below. The Issuer, or if applicable the 
SCI, shall give to the Holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the 
Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 5 (five) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer, or 
the SCI, to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption of 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity 
Date or give rise to rights in any such person. 
(D) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Maturity Date) the principal amount outstanding shall be the amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.7 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds). 
(E) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure 
to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered 
Bonds under this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not 
constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any holder of Covered Bonds any right to 
receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than 
as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
(F) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates 
on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and 
Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date). 
(G) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall 
be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds that were extended to the Extended Maturity Date 
and the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. 
(H) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of 
those Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further mortgage covered 
bonds. 
6.9 Pass-through Provision 
Upon an Issuer Event occurring, any Available Funds shall be applied on each Interest Payment 
Date in making the following payments in the following order of priority, on a pro rata basis in the 
same priority line, and the Hedging Counterparty shall be notified by the Cover Pool Monitor of 
the Available Funds ahead of such Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
Expenses and Owed Hedging Payments due on such date; 
(ii) 
Amounts of Interest due on such date; 
(iii) 
Replenishment of the Reserve Account up to the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
(iv) 
Redemption of principal across all Series that have been subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date, if applicable, or, redemption of all Series that have not been subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date in the relevant Interest Payment Date, if principal is due on this Interest 
Payment Date; 
(v) 
Crediting the Programme Account or, if this has not yet been set-up, otherwise retained 
in the Cover Pool, provided that: 
(a) 
Any payments under item (iv) above, while some but not all Covered Bonds have 
been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, may only be made to 
the extent that, once made, the Issuer or the SCI will not breach the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
(b) 
No funds debited from the Reserve Account may be used to make payments of 
Amounts of Interest due on such date, under (ii) above, in respect of Covered 
Bonds that have not been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(c) 
Funds may be debited from the Reserve Account immediately following the 
occurrence of a Default of Payment Event resulting from non-payment of interest; 
(d) 
While any Covered Bonds have been extended to their respective Extended 
Maturity Date, any Cover Pool monies or assets may only be used in making 
payments in accordance with the above payments priority (without prejudice to 
the best-efforts sale obligation below and the accumulation of any such sale 
proceeds in the Programme Account or, if this has not yet been set-up, otherwise 
accumulated in the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
In case the relevant Issuer Event was a Default of Payment Event, then, when all 
the Covered Bonds which have been extended to their respective Extended 
Maturity Date thereunder have been fully reimbursed and no other Issuer Event 
has taken place, this Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) will no longer apply, 
and 
(f) 
Once all Series of Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full, any remaining 
funds shall be paid to the Issuer. 
(g) 
For the sake of clarity, upon the application of this Condition 6.9 (Pass-through 
Provision) following the occurrence of a Default of Payment Event, payment by 
the Issuer of the defaulted payment does not grant the Issuer the possibility of, nor 
has as its consequence the, reversion of the application of Condition 6.9 (Pass-
through Provision) as regards the Series where such default occurred and the pass-
through provision set forth therein. 
In order to redeem, to the extent possible and at pari passu, the Covered Bonds that have been extended to 
their Extended Maturity Date prior to such date, the Issuer and/or the SCI shall use and employ its best 
efforts to sell an amount sufficient to redeem, in whole or in part, all outstanding Covered Bonds that have 
been extended to their respective Extended Maturity Date, on each sixth Interest Payment Date following 
an Issuer Event, the assets comprised in the Cover Pool along commercial acceptable terms, provided that 
such sale and subsequent redemption of the respective Covered Bonds will not result in a breach of the 
Overcolateralisation Percentage on and between any Interest Payment Dates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) failure by the Issuer and/or the SCI to sell or refinance the assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool will not constitute an event of default; and (ii) subject to the above terms and provided 
that (if required) relevant procedures are put in place (including Chinese walls and appropriate disclosures) 
to properly manage any potential conflict of interest and/or asymmetries of information, the Issuer may 
participate as purchaser in a sale of Cover Pool assets as outlined above. 
The disposals of Cover Pool assets after an Issuer Event shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as 
part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds, or by the SCI.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1.      Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any Taxes (for which purpose investors are required in any case to 
comply with their obligations detailed under the Taxation section) unless the Issuer or any Paying Agent 
(as the case may be) is required by law to make any such payment subject to any such withholding or 
deduction. In that event, the Issuer or any Paying Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to withhold 
or deduct the required amount for or on account of Tax from such payment and shall account to the relevant 
Tax Authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted. 
7.2 
No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of 
taxes) above. 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to the 
Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not event of default 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above, this shall not constitute an event of default. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 (twenty) years (in the case 
of principal) and 5 (five) years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date therefore, subject 
in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant 
Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). Also, following the occurrence of 
the above mentioned prescription terms (20 (twenty) years in the case of principal and 5 (five) years in the 
case of interest), such principal and interest, as applicable, will be considered abandoned in favour of the 
Portuguese State and will be handed over to the Portuguese State, in accordance with Decree-law no. 
187/70, of 30 April, as amended. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, Conditions 
6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) will apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds may 
approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 (two thirds) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an Acceleration Notice, in which case all 
outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest. For the sake of clarity, the serving of an Acceleration Notice will supersede 
the provisions of Conditions 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) and 6.9 (Pass-
through Provision), the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and payable as aforementioned. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the Holders of Covered Bonds enjoy, under the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Covered Bonds Law, a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over the Cover Pool 
(including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference over any 
other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Common Representative and the Hedge 
Counterparties also benefit from this special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial), which is not 
subject to registration. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution 
of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 
October, the Credit Institutions General Regime and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency 
and Recovery of Companies approved by Decree-law 53/2004, of 18 March 2004), all as amended. Investors 
should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2       Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders 
of the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration 
Notice, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or 
any other person as it may deem fit to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard 
to the interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any 
action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
(A) 
The names of the Agent, the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In 
the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as 
the Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common 
Representative in an European Union Member State; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock 
Exchange or, as the case may be, other relevant authority; 
(iv) 
the Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the European 
Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to Council Directive (EU) 
2015/2060 of 10 November 2015, as amended, on the taxation and savings income or any 
other Directive or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to such Directive.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall be published in a manner which complies with the applicable 
listing rules of Euronext Dublin and also with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any 
other relevant authority) on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law requirements, 
namely CMVM Regulation 5/2008, as amended. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code expressly applicable to Covered Bonds, pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law, contains provisions for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds to 
consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest (which provisions are 
described and supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment Agreement), including 
the modification by Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever part of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a Reserved 
Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 
(fifty) per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding so 
held or represented or, at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing whatever the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the 
majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a 
Reserved Matter, at least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 2/3 (two thirds) of the votes cast at the 
relevant meeting. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or 
of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) 
to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, 
or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer 
or shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body corporate formed or 
to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; or (vii) any 
other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii). 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject 
as provided below, be binding on all the Holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
the Common Representative may convene a single meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series if in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between 
the holders of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
thereto mutatis mutandis. A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were a Resolution.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action 
(each a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the 
Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Common Representative or by Holders of Covered Bonds of any Series. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the 
date of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and 
discretions without the approval of such Holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a Written 
Resolution of such Holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers, authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not 
reasonably assured to it under the Covered Bonds Law or if it has not been provided with adequate 
indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution 
or any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any Written Resolution of any Holders of 
Covered Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) refrain from taking any action until it has been 
provided with sufficient funds or adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may 
incur as a result of any such actions and (ii) refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion 
be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or which might otherwise render it liable to any person 
and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion necessary to comply with any such law, and in no 
circumstances shall be liable to the Holders of Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions 
or inaction. The Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for 
the indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from responsibility. 
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, VALUATION OF COVER POOL AND ISSUER 
COVENANTS 
14.1 
Maintenance of overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, and regardless of the time of issue of the Covered Bonds, 
the Value (determined in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory 
Notices) of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer (the “Overcollateralisation Percentage”) shall at all 
times be a minimum of the higher of (i) 109.0 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all outstanding Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme less any Covered Bonds held by the Issuer pursuant to article 21, no.2 
of the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled (or such other minimum legal overcollateralisation percentage 
established in the law), and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage. 
The 109.0 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105.26 per cent. set forth in

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
the Covered Bonds Law (see Covered Bonds Law). 
For the purposes above, the “Asset Percentage” means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other percentage 
determined by the Issuer from time to time. 
As of 30 June 2020, the Asset Percentage was 83.924 per cent.. The Issuer may at any time reduce the Asset 
Percentage but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject to obtaining the 
Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies 
that such increase would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of 
the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies 
that it does not have any comments to said increase; or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies 
that, having concluded the review of said increase, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) 
within 30 (thirty) days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or 
additional period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written 
communication from the Rating Agencies. Without prejudice to the above, and for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Asset Percentage increase will always require Moody’s prior confirmation, whilst the alternatives 
indicated above in items (ii) to (iv) will only be available regarding the remaining Rating Agencies. Any 
change to the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer on the website of Euronext Dublin and of 
the CMVM and the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf as part of the regular 
reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
Should a breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage occur for 2 (two) consecutive monthly reporting 
dates, the Issuer shall forthwith notify the Common Representative and the Programme Account shall be 
set up by the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, within 30 (thirty) calendar days of such breach. Once 
the Programme Account has been set up, all cash proceeds arising under, or otherwise existing in, the Cover 
Pool shall be transferred, on each Business Day, by the Issuer to the Programme Account.  
Any such Cover Pool cash proceeds shall only be used by the Issuer in making payments owed by it in its 
capacity as Issuer of Covered Bonds (including any interest or redemption amounts due under the Covered 
Bonds, any Expenses and any Owed Hedging Payments). For the sake of clarity, in case an Issuer Event 
has occurred, the terms of Condition 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) prevail over the foregoing terms in this 
paragraph. 
While the breach of the Overcollateralisation Percentage persists, the Issuer shall not issue further Covered 
Bonds.  
Upon remedy and compliance of the obligation to maintain the Overcollateralisation Percentage, and 
provided that no Issuer Event has occurred (which would require the Programme Account to remain open 
pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Issuer shall notify the 
Common Representative and its obligation to keep the Programme Account open and to transfer any Cover 
Pool proceeds to the Programme Account will no longer apply and any balance then existing in the 
Programme Account shall be released to the Issuer. 
14.2 
Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(A) 
Loan to Value: the Value of a Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer may not exceed either 80 per 
cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential 
purposes, or 60 per cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for 
commercial purposes; 
(B) 
Asset Cover: the aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate 
value of the Cover Pool; 
(C) 
Average Maturity: the remaining average Maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds is at all times 
shorter than the remaining average Maturity of the Cover Pool entered in the Register;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(D) 
Interest Cover: the total amount of interest receivable on the Cover Pool will at all times be at least 
equal to or exceed the total amount of interest payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(E) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, 
Other Assets and Properties will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Covered 
Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices (in particular Regulatory Notice 5/2006 
and Regulatory Notice 6/2006); 
(F) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, 
Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and 
the applicable Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices, as well as with all necessary elements and 
information relating to any other matters which the Cover Pool Monitor shall monitor in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions; 
(G) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits as of the date when they are included in the Cover Pool 
are not Non-Performing Mortgage Credits; and 
(H) 
Liabilities: The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot 
exceed the net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must 
also be met for 200 basis points parallel shifts of the yield curve. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date 
and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Except for the Hedging Contracts and the Reserve Account Agreement, which are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, English Law, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents (including any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said documents) are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the contrary. 
The courts of Lisbon (or of England in case of the Hedging Contracts and of the Reserve Account 
Agreement) shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the 
Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents (including any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of, or in connection with said documents). 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the holders of the Covered Bonds as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) applies, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 April 
2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. and by 
any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon and any successor agent appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Agency and Payments Procedures. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
respect of bonds denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds and with an interest 
period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
interest amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and 
principal payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any sale 
proceeds of any Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool, any hedging payment 
amounts paid by the hedging counterparty under the Hedging Contracts (for the avoidance of doubt, such 
amounts do not include any collateral that may transferred under the Hedging Contracts), any balances 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, in all cases which are received 
by the Issuer or the SCI or transferred to the Programme Account between, and including, the sixth Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date up to, but 
excluding, the sixth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, as calculated by the Agent 
pursuant to the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal 
regulating certain aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, 
Instruction 13/2006 and Regulatory Notice 8/2006. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it 
will, on or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date 
referred to in (b)(I); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or prior to a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in 
(d)(I); or 
(e) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
stating that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or prior to a specified date and (II) the date 
falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in (e)(I); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Agent or any Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to calculate 
any payments due to be made to the holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom in its capacity as 
representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement or any successor common representative appointed by a Meeting of the Holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the Holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified in 
the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), with its registered office at Palácio 
SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, n. º1, 3º, 1069-316, in Lisbon. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-law no. 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been 
repaid in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that Series 
has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake of 
clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as 
applicable) is not done by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned 
above. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses 
due to the SCI, including any expenses incurred by the SCI in connection with any actual or prospective 
disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to cover for the maintenance and operating of the 
Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, Covered 
Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the 
agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rates, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the 
Cover Pool. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected and 
appointed by the Issuer. 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered bonds 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series 
of Covered Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, 
following such occurrence, for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default 
of Payment Event. 
“Issuer Event” means an Insolvency Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“Liquidity Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a 5 (five) day prior notice to the Liquidity Facility 
Provider of not having enough available funds to make the payment of the Amounts of Interest due on the 
Covered Bonds in the Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond. 
“Liquidity Facility Agreement” means a liquidity facility agreement entered into in replacement of the 
Reserve Account, in accordance with Condition 5.4, with a Liquidity Facility Provider. 
“Liquidity Facility Provider” means a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the 
criteria of the Rating Agencies (and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by the Covered 
Bonds Law). 
“Loan to Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
such Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security forming the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria established in 
the Covered Bonds Law: 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an European Union member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all Mortgage Credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate insurance 
policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) above. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those 
payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem; 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to the same 
legal requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all times the Issuer 
shall ensure); and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as defined 
by the Bank of Portugal; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be 
transferred under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and the Hedge 
Counterparties and the SCI. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge 
counterparties under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-through Covered Bonds Programme of the 
Issuer. 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings 
sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum 
rating required by the Covered Bonds Law. The Programme Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, 
will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any 
Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the Holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property or properties upon which the repayment 
of such Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such Property 
in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the 
relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognized indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law and Regulatory Notice 5/2006.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's, Fitch and DBRS. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security 
for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the 
issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit 
institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required 
by the Covered Bonds Law, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which shall be governed by 
Conditions 5.5 (Reserve Account) and 6.9 (Pass-through Provision) and the Reserve Account Agreement. 
The Reserve Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject 
to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool.  
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and 
the Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, 
on or about 1 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including a 
Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company 
registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered 
office at Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D 18 W319, acting 
through its UK Branch (registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, 
Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting 
in its capacity as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 
7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual position was novated 
to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in Ireland, and the definition

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
of Reserve Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of Holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“SCI” means a substitute credit institution appointed, in case of an Insolvency Event, by the Bank of 
Portugal to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which shall be separated from the Issuer’s 
insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms. “TARGET Day” means any 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate, and is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.5 (Reserve Account). 
“Value” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an 
amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with any 
matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan to Value calculation, an amount equal 
to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register; 
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
(i) the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as 
entered on the Register; 
(ii) the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem 
for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of such 
securities, including matured and accrued interests. 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
 
 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, only credit institutions allowed by law to grant mortgage loans, and having own funds not lower 
than €7,500,000, may issue covered bonds. The Issuer complies with these requirements and is thus allowed 
to issue covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and other 
eligible assets (including hedging contracts) subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds 
Law. The Covered Bonds Law allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not 
require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be comprised 
in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure compliance with 
the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices (as defined 
in Definitions). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a segregated register (the 
“Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. The Issuer plans to 
issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover Pool, additional 
mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Law, as further detailed below. 
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions 
of the Covered Bonds Law, take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being 
repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS FORMING THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions, nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an European Union member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all mortgage credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate insurance 
policy, in each case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) above. 
“Other Assets” Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the European Union member states whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to the same 
legal requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all times the Issuer 
shall ensure); and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal 
Regulations. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which 
are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Covered Bonds 
Law. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Moody’s 
and/or Fitch a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed 
by such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Covered Bonds Law allows the Cover Pool to include hedging contracts aimed exclusively at hedging 
risks, namely interest rate, foreign exchange rate or liquidity risks. These hedging contracts will form part 
of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and requirements 
of the Covered Bonds Law and described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law, any such hedging contract can only be entered 
into (i) in a regulated market of an European Union Member State, or (ii) recognised market of an OECD 
country, or (iii) with a counterparty which is a credit institution with a rating of at least «A-» or equivalent. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to develop, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), the 
eligibility criteria for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, identify 
(i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the corresponding Cover Pool; 
(iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the commencement 
date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must 
enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be 
managed through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty 
relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Hedging Contracts will 
qualify as derivative financial instruments for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Under the terms of the Hedging Contracts entered into with the Hedge Counterparty, if the rating of the 
Hedge Counterparty falls below the relevant applicable ratings as set out in such Hedging Contracts, the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Hedge Counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: (i) providing 
collateral for its obligations under the Hedging Contract; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the Hedging 
Contracts to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency; (iii) procuring 
another entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect of its 
obligations under the Hedging Contracts; or (iv) taking such other action so that, in respect of the relevant 
rating agency, the then ratings of the Covered Bonds following such action are not lower than the ratings 
immediately prior to the downgrade of the Hedge Counterparty. A failure to take such steps will allow the 
Issuer to terminate the Hedging Contracts. 
In addition, certain other termination events and/or events of default may apply under the terms of the 
proposed Hedging Contracts, which may entitle the Hedge Counterparty and/or the Issuer to terminate the 
Hedging Contracts. 
Upon any termination in whole or in part of the Hedging Contracts, the Issuer may be required to make (or 
be entitled to receive) a termination payment to (or from) the Hedge Counterparty. 
The Hedging Contracts will be governed by English law. 
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the amount of any mortgage credit asset included in the Cover Pool 
may not exceed (i) the value of the corresponding Mortgage, and (ii) 80 per cent. of the value of the Property, 
if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is commercial property. See 
Valuation of Cover Pool below. 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE TERM TO MATURITY 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain criteria, including matching weighted average term to maturity, 
which are required to be met by the Issuer in respect of its Cover Pool. In any case, the average maturity of 
the outstanding Covered Bonds cannot exceed, at any time, the average maturity of the Mortgage Credits 
and Other Assets allocated to the relevant issuance. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the nominal principal amount of any Covered Bonds outstanding may 
not exceed 95 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Cover Pool less any Covered Bonds acquired 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled. In addition, the aggregate amount of 
interest payable to the holders of Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the amount of interest to be 
collected under the Cover Pool (including both the Mortgage Credits and the Other Assets) allocated to the 
Covered Bonds. 
Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to 
guarantee that the Value of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of the 
higher of (i) 109.0 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme less any Covered Bonds held by the Issuer pursuant to article 21.2 of the Covered Bonds Law 
and not cancelled and (ii) 1 divided by the Asset Percentage. For the purposes above, the “Asset Percentage” 
means the lower of 100 per cent. and any other percentage determined by the Issuer from time to time. As 
of 30 June 2020, the Asset Percentage was 83.924 per cent.. The Issuer may at any time reduce the Asset 
Percentage but it may only increase the Asset Percentage above 84.75 per cent. subject to obtaining the 
Hedging Counterparty’s consent and one of the following: (i) prior confirmation from the Rating Agencies 
that such increase would not result in the reduction, removal, suspension or placement on credit watch of 
the credit ratings assigned to each such Covered Bonds; or (ii) a written indication by the Rating Agencies 
that it does not have any comments to said increase; or (iii) a written communication by the Rating Agencies 
that, having concluded the review of said increase, it does not consider a confirmation to be due; or (iv) 
within 30 days after each of the Rating Agencies has been notified, no additional information or additional 
period to analyse have been requested, nor has the Issuer received any other written communication from

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
the Rating Agencies. Any change to the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer on the website of 
Euronext Dublin and the CMVM and the Asset Percentage shall be disclosed by the Issuer or on its behalf 
as part of the regular reporting on the Covered Bonds. 
The 109.00 per cent. referred to in (i) above is higher than the statutory limit of 105.26 per cent. set forth in 
the Covered Bonds Law. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be included at their outstanding principal amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including matured and accrued interest; 
(c) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their aggregate amount together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for a value which 
is obtained in accordance with the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the 
Eurosystem or, if lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued but unpaid 
interests. 
Also, for the purpose of these calculations, the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the foreign 
exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
In addition, the net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot exceed the 
net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis point parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial requirements established 
in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices described in this section. The 
Issuer must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with any provisions of 
the Covered Bonds Law summarized herein (or when it is reasonable to expect that they will not be complied 
with), take all steps to comply with that provision, by undertaking one or more of the following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new mortgage credit assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated to the 
Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
allocating additional Other Assets within the limits set out in the Covered Bonds Law; and/or 
(c) 
acquiring Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by the 
Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to specify, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that 
it considers relevant for determining the value of mortgage credit assets or Other Assets for the purposes of 
the Covered Bonds Law. The Covered Bonds Law also empowers the Bank of Portugal to specify, by

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and 
any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the value of substitution assets that are to form 
the Cover Pool. These requirements are set out in Regulatory Notice 6/2006.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool should be 
determined in accordance with the rules and criteria set out in Regulatory Notice 5/2006 of the Bank of 
Portugal. Such value corresponds to the commercial value of such Property, determined in accordance with 
prudent criteria and taking into consideration (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such Property, 
(ii) the standard conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant Property, and (iv) any 
alternative uses of the Property in question. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by the Issuer to 
each of the Properties related to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool may not be higher than the 
market value of such Property. For these purposes, the “market value” of each Property shall correspond 
to the price by which the relevant Property can be purchased by a third party able to complete such purchase 
on the date of the valuation of the Property, assuming that (i) the Property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the 
market conditions allow for a regular transfer of such Property, and (iii) there is a normal period of time to, 
considering the nature of the Property in question, negotiate the purchase and sale of such Property. 
Valuation by expert 
Prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a 
real estate valuation expert. Such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever (i) 
the information available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the value 
of the Property or (ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general market 
prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Regulatory Notice 5/2006 may, 
however, be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations were carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis 
and credit decision process within the Group; 
(b) 
the valuations were subject to a written report from the valuation expert; 
(c) 
the Properties had been valued in light of the corresponding market value, or in light of the value 
of the mortgaged asset value, as established by Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property was over-valued at the time of allocation of 
the relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required valuation 
of Properties shall be independent and be adequately qualified and experienced for the performance of their 
functions. The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, 
notably where there is (i) any specific interest of the valuation expert in the Property subject to the valuation; 
(ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related to the 
Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on the 
valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Group, provided such valuation expert is independent 
from the credit analysis and decision making process within the Group. 
The selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must ensure adequate diversification and rotation, 
and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of selected valuation experts, setting out the 
criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well as the Properties valued by each valuation expert. 
This list shall be sent to the Bank of Portugal by the end of January in each year, with reference to 31 
December of the previous year, indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such list from the list 
submitted the previous year.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Under Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the Bank of Portugal may, in relation to a given Property, require the 
Issuer to appoint another valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous valuation 
raises doubts as to its correctness. 
Valuation experts are required to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in Law no. 153/2015, of 
14 September. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods 
of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, 
as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or assumptions 
adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market or the market 
temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the Mortgaged Credit and of the market 
value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has performed the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices; 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €500,000, in 
the case of residential Properties, or €1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of the 
relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years. 
The Issuer shall also perform an internal review of the value of each of the Properties at least once every 
three years, for residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties. 
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that 
indicates that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the property value may 
have suffered a material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to 
recognised indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send the Bank of Portugal a report 
with the detailed description of such indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, 
together with an opinion on the adequacy of such indexes and statistical methods produced by a reputable 
independent valuation expert. All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be documented by 
the Issuer, setting out the description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor 
to supervise compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law and in

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of Other Assets 
Pursuant to Regulatory Notice 6/2006, the Other Assets shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest; and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be valued for by the value resulting 
from the rules regarding evaluation and margin calculation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, 
according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and 
principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset comprised in the Cover Pool does not have adequate insurance 
policy contracted by the relevant owner, the Issuer must obtain such insurance coverage adequate to the 
risks inherent to the relevant property. The Issuer must bear the costs of such insurance. In any case, the 
insurance policy attached to any property included in the Cover Pool must provide for a full coverage, 
allowing, in case of total loss, for such property to be rebuilt. Any compensation due under any such 
insurance policies must be paid directly to the Issuer, up to the limit of the relevant Mortgage Credit. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets (“património 
autónomo”) not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due to the holders 
of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Covered Bonds Law provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover Pool 
(including Mortgage Credits, Other Assets and Hedging Contracts) must be recorded in a segregated register 
within and maintained by the Issuer. Such register must record the following: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount; 
(ii) 
the applicable interest rate; 
(iii) 
the applicable maturity; 
(iv) 
the notary’s office where the relevant mortgage was entered into, when applicable; 
(v) 
the reference regarding the definitive inscription of the mortgages in the corresponding real estate 
registry. 
Pursuant to article 4.3 of the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool is identified in the transaction documents 
by a code provided by the Bank of Portugal. The key to such code is deposited with the Bank of Portugal, 
which has set out in Regulatory Notice 8/2006 the conditions under which the holders of Covered Bonds 
may have access to the segregated register of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over the 
Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference 
over any other creditors, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, this special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório 
especial) applies automatically for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, the Common Representative 
and the Hedge Counterparties and is not subject to registration. 
The mortgages created as security for the mortgage credit assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall prevail 
over all other real estate preferential claims. 
INFORMATION ON THE COVER POOL 
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds, including key 
information regarding characteristics of the Cover Pool, outstanding Covered Bonds and other Assets 
(including the Reserve Account), as at the last business day of each calendar quarter and the applicable 
Overcollateralisation. The Investor Report is produced and distributed by the end of the calendar month 
following each calendar quarter, and distributed to the Rating Agencies and Cover Pool Monitor via 
electronic mail. Such reports are available at: http://www.bancomontepio.pt

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
ISSUER EVENTS 
 
 
INSOLVENCY EVENT 
The following is a brief overview of the legal provisions regarding the impact on the Covered Bonds of a 
possible insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer. Prospective investors should seek their own independent 
legal advice. 
The Covered Bonds Law governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds. In 
the event of dissolution and winding-up (including on grounds of insolvency) of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds Law establishes that the Cover Pool shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer and 
will not form part thereof until full payment of any amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds. The 
amounts corresponding to payment of interest and repayment of principal of the Mortgage Credits and Other 
Assets will not form part of the insolvency estate of the Issuer. 
The Cover Pool will, in such an event, be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate so as to be 
autonomously managed until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds. In this 
situation, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled to adopt a 
resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least 2/3 (two 
thirds) of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed to 
manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the plan for the dissolution and winding-up of the 
Issuer, which shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to article 35-A of the Credit Institutions 
General Regime, shall identify a Substitute Credit Institution appointed to (i) manage the Cover Pool 
allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds are made. Such plan shall also describe the general framework and 
conditions under which those actions will be rendered by the Substitute Credit Institution. 
In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of 
Portugal is required, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, to appoint a Substitute 
Credit Institution to manage the Cover Pool allocated to the Covered Bonds outstanding and to ensure that 
payments due to the holders of such Covered Bonds are made. 
The fees to be paid to the appointed Substitute Credit Institution shall be determined by the Bank of Portugal 
at the time of such appointment and shall be paid out of the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Regulatory Notice (Aviso) 8/2006, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the 
Bank of Portugal to service the Cover Pool following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
immediately upon being appointed, prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the Cover 
Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes: 
(ii) 
perform all acts and things necessary or desirable for the prudent management of the Cover 
Pool, including, without limitation: 
a. selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
b. ensuring the timely collection in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the 
Cover Pool; 
c. performing all other acts and administrative services in connection with such Mortgage 
Credits and related Mortgages and Additional Security; 
(iii) 
maintain and keep updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law; and

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(iv) 
prepare an annual financial report in relation to the Cover Pool and the outstanding Covered 
Bonds, which report shall be the subject of an audit report produced by an independent auditor. 
The independent auditor shall be appointed as Cover Pool Monitor by the Substitute Credit 
Institution in accordance with article 34 of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Furthermore, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the Cover Pool 
following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for 
maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under such Mortgage Credits. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the assets allocated to one or more issues of Covered Bonds will be 
segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by a third party until 
full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds has been made. In any case, and even if 
the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines that timely payments of interest and 
reimbursements under the Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
 
 
DEFAULT OF PAYMENT EVENT 
 
The Default of Payment Event shall occur if i) a Series of Covered Bonds has not been repaid in full on its 
Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or ii) if interest due under that Series has not been 
paid on any Interest Payment Date (subject to any applicable grace period or the availability of any Reserve 
Amount) or on the following five Business Days, and therefore, the affected Covered Bonds shall be treated 
and will assume the form of pass-through covered bonds. For the sake of clarity, a Default of Payment Event 
will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as applicable) is not done by the end of the 
following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned above.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds, pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law and in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. Before the end of the Transition Period, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited may be replaced as 
representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds for an European Union based entity, if needed to comply 
with and subject to the fulfilment of all relevant legal proceedings and requirements. 
In accordance with article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law, the entities eligible to act as common 
representative of holders of covered bonds include entities authorised to provide investor representation 
services in a Member State of the European Union. Currently, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acts as 
Common Representative under the Programme and has its head office in the UK. As a result of the UK-EU 
Withdrawal Agreement, with effect from 1 January 2021, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited will no longer 
have its head-office in a Member State of the European Union. It may accordingly be disputed if the current 
Common Representative may continue to act as common representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
under the Covered Bonds Law. Certain Portuguese issuers of covered bonds have convened meetings of 
holders of covered bonds to replace common representatives in their programmes with entities with head 
office in a Member State of the European Union.  This matter is under analysis by the Issuer and, considering 
prospective legal developments related thereto, the Issuer has not yet taken a decision in this respect. If the 
Covered Bonds Law is not changed, or a temporary or definitive waiver is not legally granted,  in any case 
before 1 January 2021, so that the Common Representative continues to be able to perform its duties and 
exercise its rights as common representative under the Covered Bonds Law the Issuer undertakes to request 
in January 2021 a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds to replace the Common Representative by a EU 
based common representative. 
According to the Covered Bonds Law and to the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Commercial 
Companies Code, the Common Representative is entitled, at its discretion, to perform all the necessary acts 
and actions in order to ensure protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, notably: (a) to represent the 
holders of Covered Bonds in respect of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to 
enforce on their behalf their legal or contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general 
meetings of the holders of Covered Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds 
may be decided; (c) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial 
proceedings against the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency 
commenced by or against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of 
the Issuer which is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all 
relevant information regarding the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its 
role as Common Representative under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The Common Representative should be independent and may not be associated with a group of specific 
interests in the company nor in any circumstance which is likely to affect their impartiality when analysing 
or making decisions, including by virtue of: a) it being the holder or acting on behalf of the holder of 
holdings equal to or greater than 2 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer; b) being in a controlling or 
group relationship with the Issuer; c) providing services of financial or legal nature to the Issuer, for the 
issue of securities, or to other financial intermediaries or promoters related with the issue; d) benefiting from 
any advantages from the company; e) serving as directors in the Issuer and in any entity controlling or 
having a group relation with the Issuer; f) rendering services or having a significant commercial relationship 
with the Issuer; g) exercising functions in competing entities, or that act on their behalf or represent any 
interests of such entities; h) being relative to a person prevented from exercising these functions or with a 
person with a significant commercial relationship with the company. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
remove the Common Representative and appoint a new common representative.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
 
 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Covered Bonds Law requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person or 
entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who shall be responsible, for the 
benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements 
contained in the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor registered 
with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related with 
or associated to any group of interests within the Issuer and is not in a position that hinders its independent 
analysis and decision making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall not (i) either directly or 
on behalf of a third party, hold 2 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer, or (ii) have been re-
elected a member of the Issuer’s audit bodies for more than two terms (either consecutive or not). For this 
purpose, a term corresponds to a period of 4 (four) years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 12 December 2018, the Issuer appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. registered with 
the CMVM under registration number 20161485 as the Programme Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law in relation to the 
appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation 
of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool 
Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer of Cover Pool 
Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the benefit 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer of the financial and prudential requirements 
established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices in respect of the 
Cover Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with 
the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenant), including in respect of the operation of the Reserve Account. The Cover Pool Monitor is also 
required to monitor the Reserve Account required level, on a monthly basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor 
identifies that the funds available in the Reserve Account do not meet the Total Target Reserve Amount, it 
shall report that fact in the next quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with agreed 
upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices, the Cover Pool Monitor 
is entitled to be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements relating to outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce an annual report with an assessment 
of the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of 
Portugal Regulatory Notices, in particular those requirements relating to the level of collateralisation, the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
loan-to-value ratios limitations and the valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool. The Cover Pool 
Monitor must also prepare opinions certifying the statements of the management body of the Issuer, relating 
to information and documentation filed with the Bank of Portugal. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will prepare a quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer, in accordance with 
agreed upon procedures as foreseen in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement.  
If, during the carrying out of any work for the preparation of the above quarterly reports, the Cover Pool 
Monitor becomes aware that the Issuer has not complied with any of the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Law and/or of any of the Requirements of the Cover Pool, including in respect of the operation of the 
Reserve Account, it must notify the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, of such event. If the situation 
remains unremedied within 10 (ten) business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will notify 
the Arranger, the Common Representative and the relevant Dealers of the non-compliance. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to promulgate, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
after consultation with the CMVM and the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants (Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas), the requirements applicable to the content, format and disclosure of any 
reports of the Cover Pool Monitor. Until the present date the Bank of Portugal has not issued any notice on 
these matters. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Issuer may, with a fifteen days prior notice, at any time terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Monitor and appoint a new entity to act in such capacity. Any such termination shall not become effective 
until a new cover pool monitor is appointed in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement. Additionally, the Cover Pool Monitor may retire at any time upon giving not less than three 
calendar months notice in writing to the Issuer. Such retirement shall not become effective until the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
 
 
 
APPOINTMENT OF A RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
The Programme requires that the Issuer appoints a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to 
satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by 
law (currently, “A-”). 
 
 
ROLE OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK 
Pursuant to the Reserve Account Agreement, dated 7 July 2016 the Issuer appointed Elavon Financial 
Services Limited, a limited liability company registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office 
(registered number 418442) (on 14 July 2016, this company was renamed Elavon Financial Services DAC, 
a Designated Activity Company, under the same registration number), with its registered office at Building 
8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W319, acting through its UK Branch 
(registered number BR020005 from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, EC2N 1AR under the trade 
name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services. 
The Reserve Account Agreement rules the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, on 
or about 7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to the Deed of Novation, dated on or about 7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve 
Account Bank contractual position was novated to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting 
through its office in Ireland.  
 
 
DUTIES OF THE RESERVE ACCOUNT BANK AND RESERVE ACCOUNT 
The Reserve Account Bank will at all times have the minimum rating and comply with other requirements 
as required by the Covered Bonds Law for the Reserve Account to qualify as Other Assets of the Cover 
Pool. The Reserve Account will form part of the Cover Pool associated with the Programme, provided that 
the amounts standing to the credit of such Reserve Account (together with the remaining Other Assets) do 
not at any time exceed 20 per cent. of the value of the mortgage loans and other eligible assets allocated to 
the Cover Pool. 
The amount deposited in the Reserve Account shall be available on any interest payment date towards the 
payment of interest due on the Pass-Through bonds to the extent that there are insufficient available funds. 
 
 
REMUNERATION AND RESERVE ACCOUNT REPLACEMENT 
In accordance with the Reserve Account Agreement, the Reserve Account Bank shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Reserve Account Bank, in terms of fees and commissions, separately agreed 
between the Issuer and the Reserve Account Bank. 
The Issuer may replace the Reserve Account with a liquidity facility of an equivalent size. This liquidity 
facility will be subject to confirmation that the credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating 
Agencies will not be reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and in any case the relevant 
liquidity facility provider’s credit rating shall meet the minimum rating required by law (currently, “A-“).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
REPURCHASE COMMITMENT 
If the repurchase commitment is specified as applicable in the Final Terms relating to a particular Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase such Series of 
Covered Bonds on its Repurchase Date at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount as 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms of such particular Series of 
Covered Bonds (the “Repurchase Price”), if so requested by any holders of such Series which are Qualified 
Investors and subject to such Series of Covered Bonds not being redeemed up to ten Business Days after 
the Maturity Date (the “Repurchase Commitment”). 
The Repurchase Commitment shall be provided at the Issue Date in a letter issued to the benefit of the 
holders of certain Series of Covered Bonds, which will be acknowledged on behalf of all such holders by 
the Common Representative, in the form attached hereto. For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment 
creates only obligations on the Issuer and no liability whatsoever shall attach to the Common Representative 
as a result of having acknowledged this document. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, 
accordingly, non-compliance by the Issuer with the Repurchase Commitment will not constitute an event 
of default under the Terms and Conditions. The Repurchase Commitment is a senior unsecured obligation 
of the Issuer and noncompliance by the Issuer with this undertaking will, nonetheless, constitute a default 
in respect of the Issuer’s senior unsecured obligations vis-à-vis the Qualified Investors holding the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds who have exercised their right to request the Issuer to buy the relevant Covered 
Bonds. Such Qualified Investors holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will have recourse to the 
general legal remedies applicable to breach of obligations under Portuguese law. For the avoidance of doubt, 
a breach of the Repurchase Commitment will not in itself result in an acceleration of the Covered Bonds or 
a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
The right of the Qualified Investors holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds to request the Issuer to 
buy the Covered Bonds they hold pursuant to the Repurchase Commitment shall be exercised individually 
by each Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, by delivering to the Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa through which it holds the Covered Bonds a written notice, in the form available from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent or in another form accepted by such Affiliate Member of Interbolsa 
for such purpose (a “Repurchase Notice”), no less than 10 (ten) and no more than 60 (sixty) days after the 
Maturity Date. Each such Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds shall so 
submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for the transfer of its 
Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable Repurchase Price (in the form and according 
to the procedures of Interbolsa). Such Qualified Investor holding the relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall 
also represent and warrant (in the Repurchase Notice), as a condition for exercising its repurchase request, 
its capacity as a Qualified Investor (as defined below). If Qualified Investors hold the Covered Bonds 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise indirectly), they shall comply with the 
applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of this commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean any qualified 
investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws (including Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer of securities can be lawfully made under 
circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. For the sake of clarity, 
holders who are not Qualified Investors will not be eligible for this Repurchase Commitment. 
For purposes of this commitment, Repurchase Date will be the date which falls on the 90th (ninetieth) day 
after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase 
Commitment (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
document). 
From:  
 
 
 
 
 
To: 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,  
 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
 
 
 
[Address] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Address] 
(the “Issuer”)   
 
 
 
 
(the “Common Representative”) 
 
 
 
[Lisbon], [Date]4 
 
 
Ref.: €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme – Repurchase 
Commitment – Series with ISIN no. [●] 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
We make reference to our €5,000,000,000 Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bonds Programme and the 
Covered Bonds issued thereunder with ISIN no. [●] (hereinafter, the “Series”) and hereby commit to 
repurchase the Covered Bonds of the Series in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 4 December 2020 approved in connection with this Programme and the Final Terms 
of the Series.  
Accordingly, we irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to repurchase the Covered Bonds of the Series 
on its Repurchase Date [at par plus accrued interest, or at such other repurchase amount as specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms] (the “Repurchase Price”), if so requested 
by any holders of the Series which are Qualified Investors and subject to this Series of Covered Bonds not 
being redeemed up to 10 (ten) Business Days after the Maturity Date (the “Repurchase Commitment”). 
The right of Qualified Investors holding Covered Bonds of the Series to request the Issuer to buy the 
Covered Bonds they hold pursuant to this Issuer’s undertaking shall be exercised individually by each 
Qualified Investor, by delivering to the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa through which it holds the Covered 
Bonds a written notice, in the form available from any specified office of any Paying Agent or in another 
form accepted by such Affiliate Member of Interbolsa for such purpose (a “Repurchase Notice”), no less 
than 10 (ten) and no more than 60 (sixty) days after the Maturity Date. Each such Qualified Investor holding 
Covered Bonds of the Series shall submit irrevocable sale instructions to the relevant Affiliate Member of 
Interbolsa for the transfer of its Covered Bonds to the Issuer against payment of the applicable Repurchase 
Price (in the form and according to the procedures of Interbolsa). Such Qualified Investor holding Covered 
Bond of the Series shall, as a condition for exercising its repurchase request, represent and warrant (in the 
Repurchase Notice) its capacity as Qualified Investor (as defined herein). If Qualified Investors hold the 
Covered Bonds through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or otherwise indirectly), they shall 
comply with the applicable Clearing System procedures. 
For purposes of the Repurchase Commitment, “Qualified Investor” (“investidor qualificado”) shall mean 
any qualified investor in accordance with and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código 
dos Valores Mobiliários) and/or in accordance with and for the purposes of other applicable laws (including 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)), to whom an offer of securities can be lawfully 
made under circumstances which are not deemed to be a public offer in any relevant jurisdiction. For the 
sake of clarity, holders who are not Qualified Investors will not be eligible for this Repurchase Commitment. 
 
4 Note: to be dated the same date as the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
For purposes of this the Repurchase Commitment, Repurchase Date shall be the date which falls on the 90th 
(ninetieth) day after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Repurchase Commitment does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. It will 
be an unsecured obligation of the Issuer only and, for the avoidance of doubt, it will not be secured by the 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Repurchase Commitment will 
not constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions and will not in itself result in an 
acceleration of the Covered Bonds or a realisation of the Cover Pool assets. 
This Repurchase Commitment is provided solely for the benefit of Qualified Investors, while non-qualified 
investors should be aware that they will not benefit from this Repurchase Commitment. 
This Repurchase Commitment and any non-contractual obligation in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Repurchase 
Commitment (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with said 
document). 
Terms and expressions used in this document and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to 
them, directly or by reference, in the Base Prospectus referred to above. 
 
Best Regards, 
 
For and on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
Duly Authorised 
 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Duly Authorised 
 
We hereby acknowledge receipt of this document.  
For and on behalf of Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
 
___________________________ 
Name:  
Duly Authorised 
 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Duly Authorised 
 
For the sake of clarity, this acknowledgment creates only obligations on the Issuer and no liability whatsoever 
shall attach to the Common Representative as a result of having acknowledged this document.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Legal and Commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. and its 
most frequent commercial name is “Banco Montepio”. 
Incorporation, registration, legal form, head office and contacts of the Issuer, legislation that governs 
the Issuer’s activity and website of the Issuer 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade 
anónima) incorporated under the laws of Portugal with a registered and fully paid up share capital as at 31 
December  2019  of €2,420,000,000, represented by 2,420,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 
€1 each, and registered in the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole registration and taxpayer 
number 500 792 615. Banco Montepio’s registered address is at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066, in Lisbon, 
Portugal, and the telephone number of its registered office is +351 213 248 000.  
The Issuer was registered by deed on 24 March 1844 for an indefinite period. The Issuer is a credit institution 
whose activities are regulated by the RGICSF and is subject to the Portuguese Companies Code (approved 
by Decree-Law no. 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as amended). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537. 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. The information on the website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Introduction to Banco Montepio 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus has a total share capital of €2,420,000,000, the majority of which (99.99 
per cent.) is owned by its founder Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista (“MGAM”). MGAM and its 
subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as “MGAM Group”.  
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated to 
MGAM into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. 
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes 
are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 601,784 mutual 
members (as at 31 December 2019), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by them. The welfare 
schemes MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees 
of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide 
variety of collective schemes. It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of organisations in health and 
welfare. Other activities include the organisation of members’ social functions, publication of a members’ 
magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships. 
Banco Montepio is a credit institution, a savings bank (caixa económica bancária), authorised in such 
capacity to pursue all the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As at 31 December 2019, it ranks seventh 
in the Portuguese banking system on the basis of total net assets (source: Boletim Estatístico da Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos). 
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to “Banco Montepio” but its legal name remains 
the same (Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand 
represents an evolution of the identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: an independent Portuguese 
bank which is focused on Portuguese families, corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, mutual 
societies, associations and foundations carrying out a set of business and economic activities, within the 
private sphere, in order to promote general economic and/or social interests). By changing its brand name, 
the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the general public and its clients the distinction between Banco

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition to the change of the brand name, Banco Montepio 
also changed its commercial logo and brand colours. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, its Articles of Association 
and with the provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code. MGAM, as the major holder of the Issuer’s share 
capital (99.99 per cent.) is the major holder of voting rights in Banco Montepio and it has its rights governed 
under and subject to Banco Montepio’s Articles of Association and Portuguese law. 
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. holding. 
Banco Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group structure 
chart below, whose management it controls. These entities complement Banco Montepio’s financial products 
and services and contribute via their earnings to the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) 
and, as well as promoting high ethical standards and principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these 
entities not only offer a broad and diversified range of banking and financial products and services, but also 
contribute with their earnings to the shareholders’ social and welfare-related goals. 
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following three domestic entities: 
Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.; Montepio Investimento, S.A.; and Montepio 
Valor, Sociedade Gestora de Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, S.A. Each of these companies are wholly 
owned by Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. (“Montepio Holding”) (previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, 
S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco Montepio. 
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, 
Turismo e Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector) and in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, 
ACE (a complementary company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage 
MGAM Group´s real estate more efficiently), whose accounts are consolidated by the equity method, as well 
as a 100 per cent. capital participation in SSAGINCENTIVE, S.A. (Real Estate sector). At an international 
level, Banco Montepio holds majority holdings in Banco MG Cabo Verde, S.A., Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. 
and in Finibanco Angola. In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in 
BTM, reducing its international branches by 10. For further information, please refer to the section “- 
International Activity”.  
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose 
entities and investment funds: 
100% 
100% 
51%(!) 
100% 
100% 
100% 
28.5% 
Domestic Activity  
International Activity 
Complementary services and other 
participations 
(% of capital share) 
(1) representing 80.2% of the voting rights 
100% 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,  
caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Montepio Valor, 
Sociedade 
Gestora de 
Organismos de 
Investimento, S.A. 
Finibanco 
Angola, S.A. 
Montepio 
Crédito, 
Instituição 
Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. 
Montepio 
Investimento, 
S.A. 
SSA GIncentive, 
Sociedade de 
Serviços Auxiliares e 
Gestão de Imóveis, 
S.A. 
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A. 
Banco MG –  
Cabo Verde, 
Sociedade 
Unipessoal, S.A. 
HTA, Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação dos 
Açores, S.A. 
MGAI, Montepio 
Gestão de Ativos 
Imobiliários, ACE 
20% 
Cesource, ACE 
18%

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
• Montepio Arrendamento I, Montepio Arrendamento II and Montepio Arrendamento III – Fundos de 
Investimento Imobiliário Fechados para Arrendamento Habitacional (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Funds for Housing Rental) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; 
• Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) 
fully owned by Banco Montepio; 
• Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and 
• Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real 
Estate Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by Montepio 
Investimento, S.A. 
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group’s business strategy, as 
it uses its nationwide branch network comprising 332 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2019 (324 
branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2018). Banco Montepio’s commercial network is further 
complemented by a network of electronic channels, together with its presence in various overseas Portuguese 
communities (including five representative offices outside of Portugal). Banco Montepio is also present in 
Angola, through Finibanco Angola (Banco Montepio holds an effective stake of 80.2 per cent. in Finibanco 
Angola), which had a retail network of 24 branches as at 31 December 2019. For further information, please 
refer to the section “- International Activity”. 
Banco Montepio is a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the Lisbon 
Commercial Registry Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 500 792 
615 and is domiciled in Portugal, having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal, 
with telephone number +351 213 248 000. 
History 
In 1840, Francisco Manuel Alvares Botelho established Montepio dos Empregados Públicos, a mutual 
benefit association intended to assist its members through periods of unforeseen financial hardship, caused 
by illness, disability or death. Its name was changed twice, firstly to Montepio Geral, Associação de 
Socorros Mútuos and in 1844 it was changed to Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista, the name that 
MGAM still bears today. 
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral on 23 April 1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. 
MGAM and its subsidiaries and affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management 
products from Banco Montepio’s branches throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a 
division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, the two organisations had become separate legal entities. In 
accordance with Decree- Law n o .  460/77, of 7 November 1977 ( as last amended by Decree- Law 
391/2007, of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a “collective person of public interest”. 
In order to broaden the offer of financial services to its customer base, in 1986, MGAM decided to found 
Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (“Lusitania”). Lusitania is a general insurance company whose 
products are sold through Banco Montepio’s branches and through its own network. Lusitania Vida, 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (“Lusitania Vida”), which offers life insurance products, was incorporated 
in 1987. 
Pursuing its strategy of broadening its commercial offer and the diversification of its income sources, in 
1988, MGAM established Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. (“Futuro”), enabling 
the MGAM Group to expand into the pension fund management business. 
As part of its investment management business, the MGAM Group holds Montepio Gestão de Activos, S.A., 
a company specialised in the management of mutual funds and wealth management, and Montepio Gestão 
de Activos Imobiliários, ACE, a company specialised in the management of real estate funds.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
In 1995, Banco Montepio acquired certain limited assets and liabilities from a small savings bank in the 
Azores, Caixa Económica Açoreana. S.A. This acquisition allowed Banco Montepio to establish its presence 
in the Azores Autonomous Region. 
Additionally, in January 1997, Banco Montepio acquired certain assets and liabilities of another small savings 
bank, Caixa Económica Comercial e Industrial (“CECI”). In 2009, Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. 
acquired the insurance companies Real and Mutuamar, doubling its market share in the real insurance 
business, thereby achieving a market share in line with the MGAM Group’s objectives. 
In 2010, MGAM acquired the whole of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. through a friendly public takeover 
bid. The main goals of the transaction were the expansion of the MGAM Group’s mutualism activities and 
the diversification of its business activities. 
In order to take the necessary steps to achieve consolidation, on 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio acquired 
from MGAM, through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of the share capital and of the voting rights 
of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, indirectly, all of the share 
capital and the voting rights of Finibanco, S.A. (“Finibanco”, now Montepio Investimento, S.A.), as well as 
those of Finicrédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira 
de Crédito, S.A.) and those of Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now Montepio 
Valor – Sociedade Gestora de Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, S.A.). 
Finibanco Holding. SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Portuguese financial group “Finibanco” (the 
“Finibanco Group”), comprised a number of subsidiaries which included, among others, a bank (Finibanco), 
an Angolan bank (Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution (Finicrédito, Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A.) and an asset management company (Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, 
S.A.).  
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share capital 
and the voting rights of Finibanco Angola. As a result of these acquisitions, Banco Montepio’s consolidated 
supervision perimeter now encompasses all the aforementioned companies. 
As at December 2013, in the context of its restructuring, the MGAM Group undertook a reorganisation of its 
financial investments associated with the insurance and pension sectors. In this context, on 27 December 
2013 Montepio Seguros, S.G.P.S., S.A. (“Montepio Seguros”) was created in order to manage the equity of 
such sectors. Banco Montepio sold the shares directly held in Futuro, Lusitania Vida and Lusitania to 
Montepio Seguros. Additionally, Banco Montepio acquired 33.65 per cent. of the capital of Montepio 
Seguros. On 30 December 2015, Banco Montepio sold its shareholding in Montepio Seguros. 
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio’s capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 
November 2013, Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer (“IPO”) of €200 million securities 
(Unidades de Participação) representative of its participation fund (Fundo de Participação) (“Participation 
Fund”). On 17 December 2013, the securities were admitted to listing on Euronext Lisbon after the Regulated 
Market Special Session. 
On 2 December 2014, Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A. acquired a stake of 44.6 per cent. in BTM's share 
capital, acquiring management control following an agreement with the remaining shareholders of the bank 
(Rabobank, based in the Netherlands, holding identical equity participation as the Banco Montepio Group; 
Norfund, also known as the Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries, with an equity 
participation of 8.4 per cent.; and GAPI-SI, S.A., a financial institution that has the aim of contributing to 
economic and social development of Mozambique, with an equity participation of 2.5 per cent.).  
On 10 October 2015, the new savings banks act by Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September (“Savings 
Banks Act”), entered into force, which classified savings banks (caixas económicas) with assets equal to or 
greater than €50 million as full service savings banks (caixas económicas bancárias) (as opposed to affiliated 
savings banks (caixas económicas anexas)) and required such banks to adopt the form of public limited 
liability companies (sociedades anónimas).  
The Savings Banks Act further determines that only mutual associations (associações mutualistas), charities

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(misericórdias) or other beneficence institutions can hold the majority of the capital or the voting rights in a 
savings bank (caixa económica bancária).   
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following 
the enforcement of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of 
the Savings Bank Act (which provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by Banco de Portugal, 
full service savings banks already in existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation shall not be 
automatically required to arrange for their conversion into public limited liability companies). An 
Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened for 22 November 2016, to deliberate on 
the transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the consequent amendment 
of its Articles of Association. 
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio 
into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The 
project for the amended Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the 
reconsideration of some matters depending on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the 
supervising authorities. As the knowledge of such recommendations or decisions was key to the conclusion 
of the matters being discussed the session was suspended until 13 December 2016. 
The Extraordinary General Meeting was resumed on 13 December 2016 and on 4 April 2017 in order to 
approve all the required procedures regarding the transformation into a public limited liability company. The 
effectiveness of such resolutions were conditional on (i) ratification by the General Meeting of MGAM, to 
be held no later than 9 May 2017; and (ii) their respective registration. Upon these conditions being met, 
Banco Montepio’s capital should be represented in full by ordinary shares. These two conditions were met 
respectively on 9 May 2017 and 14 September 2017. Consequently, Banco Montepio’s total share capital, in 
the amount of €2,420,000,000 was fully represented by ordinary shares. 
In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in BTM, reducing its 
international branches by 10. For further information, please refer to section “- International Activity”. 
Strategy 
The Issuer’s strategic plan aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
liquidity levels above minimum regulatory requirements. The plan prioritises the increase of core net 
operating income, capital management, risk management reinforcement, business efficiency, liquidity 
management, human resources management and corporate governance (the “Strategic Plan”). 
The Board of Directors, which took up office on 21 March 2018, is committed to enhancing the efficiency, 
profitability and adequacy of Banco Montepio's business model so that it meets demanding contemporary 
customer requirements. 
The Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and 
establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and long 
term (“Transformation Plan”). 
2019 was the first year of implementation of the Transformation Plan. With an ambitious vision and a timeline 
of 5 years, the Transformation Plan seeks to establish new ways of working that lead to an appropriate level 
of results, making the Bank more competitive, efficient and digital, focused on the quality of service to the 
Customer. The Transformation Plan defines the vision and business goals for the medium and long-term, 
aimed at: Making Banco Montepio's business model evolve so that it is economically viable in the long term 
and gives rise to clear dynamics of creation of value for the shareholder, always maintaining the appropriate 
safety margins on internal and regulatory prudential limits, a solid short-term liquidity position and a suitable 
balance sheet structure in the medium and long term; Strengthening Banco Montepio's position as a reference 
financial institution, by supporting the social economy, working among segments of the population that are 
least benefited by banking services; Developing new value propositions and service models, affirming itself 
as a reference bank for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and for the different segments of 
individual Customers; Simultaneously, increasing the efficiency and efficacy of the commercial, service and 
group support structures, using recent technologies and new ways of working; Strengthening Banco

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Montepio's strategic pillar as a “banking system of relations and proximity” both for individuals and 
companies, enabling it to affirm itself as a modern institution based on traditional values, adjusting its product 
and service offer and the channels used to the different Customer segments; Reinforcing the quality of the 
assets, focusing on the sustained improvement of credit quality ratios and the continuous reduction of 
concentration of risk in the activity sectors of construction and real estate development.  
Its development is based on 4 pillars – Business, Strengthening of the Balance Sheet, Organisation and 
Support – which are reflected in 12 macro initiatives, with a detailed implementation schedule for 411 
measures involving a multidisciplinary team of more than 100 people who ensure their implementation and 
control. 
At the end of 2019 close to 66 per cent. of these measures had already been implemented and 31 per cent. 
were underway with only 3 per cent. of the initially foreseen measures not yet having started. Among these, 
and in order to make both the granularity of some and the relevance of others as a landmark in our history 
more perceptible, the following are highlighted:  
Value and Business Proposition 
• Launch of the Banco de Empresas Montepio (BEM) and opening of the new “Espaços Empresa” 
(business centres), in close collaboration with Banco Montepio and;  
• Launch of the new trade name “Banco Montepio” and subsequent alteration of luminous signs and 
billboards at branches and buildings of own use, of the image on the digital channels, on institutional 
letters and bank cards;  
• Preparation 
of 
a 
Strategic 
Marketing 
Plan 
and 
accomplishment 
of 
the 
portfolio 
distribution/classification by Customers with a view to providing better service and drawing the Bank 
closer to its customers according to their nature and needs;  
• Launch of the new contracting model and approval for housing loans, aimed at greater speed in the 
process and improved Customer service;  
• Concentration of specialized credit at Montepio Crédito;  
• Creation of the Business Committee and Distribution of the product. 
Strengthening of the Balance Sheet 
• Review of the Credit Regulation and Policy;  
• Review of the Recovery Plan;  
• Approval of the Banco Montepio Group's Data Management Policy and Risk Appetite Policy;  
• Restructuring of the Credit Recovery Area;  
• Process of sale of assets with high risk-weighted assets and low profitability;  
• Early Warning Signs (EWS) model and preventive credit management (companies);  
• Approval of the new commercial strategy for the management of real estate properties. 
Organisation, Network and Omnichannel 
• New organisational structure derived from the reorganisation of the commercial areas and centralised 
support services;  
• Opening of proximity branches (Abraveses, Fão, Ferro, Ferreira do Alentejo, Oiã, Pedras Salgadas 
and Avanca), enabling serving populations locally that are lacking in access to financial services;  
• Technology and Digitalisation Innovation Plan;  
• Online account opening by videoconference and consumer credit online;

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
• Establishment of a complementary grouping of companies (ACE) of Shared Services. 
Support and Systems 
• Concentration of central services at the buildings in Lisbon and Porto, and release of real estate 
properties for own use;  
• Migration of the SIM front-office system and full renovation of the branch equipment;  
• Approval of the Strategic Plan of Systems and Innovation;  
• Implementation of the green vehicle fleet;  
• Launch of the automation/artificial intelligence project. 
The banking business model has been undergoing sensitive changes with the impact of technology on 
customer behaviour and with the emergence of new players in the industry that put enormous pressure on 
banking institutions to change. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have obviously accelerated these 
structural developments. The more pessimistic macro-economic context has had an immediate effect on the 
impairments increase in the banking sector. Moratoria, a measure designed to alleviate the financial effort of 
households and companies, imply increased difficulty in capital turnover and in banks' ability to finance 
economic activity. This context has made the adjustment process at Banco Montepio more urgent. 
Taking into account the current circumstances and future uncertainties, and the challenges facing Banco 
Montepio, the banking sector and the Portuguese economy, the Board considered it necessary to re-appreciate 
objectives and measures already foreseen in the Transformation Plan and adopt a multi-dimensional and 
multi-annual adjustment programme. Pursuant to this adjustment plan, Banco Montepio’s strategy and 
business targets for the medium and long term have been revised in order to make Banco Montepio an 
efficient and profitable bank at the service of Portuguese households and companies, and social economy 
institutions, shareholders and other stakeholders through the implementation of four main strategic pillars: 
• Business Model Review; 
• Operational Adjustment; 
• Capital Maintenance; and 
• Group Simplification. 
The pillar Business Model Review focuses on strengthening customer oriented banking services and 
proximity relationship enhancement; reinforcement of funding to the economy, supporting households and 
the SMEs financial needs, the latter through the Government available guaranteed credit lines; and 
developing distribution capacity and complementary margin in order to recovering profitability of the Bank’s 
domestic operations. 
As far as Operational Adjustment is concerned, the ambition is to speed up the digital transition by converging 
to market standard best practices, both in what regards the customer experience and the operational efficiency. 
In order to optimise the distribution mix, it has been decided to close 37 geographically redundant branches 
and about 40 are under analysis, according to criteria of geographical relevance, profitability and market size. 
In addition, it is intended to readjust the staff through the launch of a programme aimed at creating 
opportunities for employees who wish to leave Banco Montepio and rewarding and motivating internal career 
opportunities for employees who wish to remain at Banco Montepio. In this way, early retirement and 
mutually agreed dismissals will be contemplated, as well as labour flexibility measures to accommodate new 
ways of work (part-time work, remote work among other alternatives), measures to promote training and 
reintegration into the labour market and possible autonomous entrepreneurial initiatives by employees 
wishing to take this path. This programme will take place within a multiannual framework and in an 
environment of respect for the people who work in the institution. 
On the basis of the scenarios analysed in this multi-annual framework, it is estimated an indicative reduction 
of between 600 and 900 people. To this end, Banco Montepio applied to the competent authorities to extend

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
the unemployment benefit quota, which aims at giving protection to the employees through the dismissal 
processes and at assuring its unemployment benefits after dismissal. 
This is an informed and transparent process, based on agreement between the parties, and is currently under 
consultation with the social partners and structures representing workers. 
For the sake of clarity, the above mentioned operational adjustment measures are only targets, which may 
not be met due to several different factors. 
The pillar Capital Maintenance is aiming to improve Banco Montepio’s capital ratios through a reduction of 
risk weighted assets (RWA) based on a more efficient loans and securities portfolio; through the 
reinforcement of own funds; via a SME loans synthetic securitisation; and as a result of deleveraging the 
balance sheet, with divestment of non-core assets. 
In what regards Group simplification, the adjustment plan aims at concluding the sale of Finibanco Angola 
and simplifying the group by eliminating redundancies. It is also a priority to modernise and rationalise the 
internal procedures so that they are easier to use and provide our sales teams and central services with even 
greater security and agility. 
In this way, the operations and customer service model will be adjusted, Banco Montepio's efficiency ratios 
will move towards to those of the Portuguese banking sector, the Group's structure will be simplified and the 
offer rationalised. 
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions 
During the first quarter of 2019, Banco Montepio and IBM established a partnership to collaborate in digital 
transformation, optimisation of the Customer experience and innovation in business processes and model 
through artificial intelligence and implementation of cognitive technology (Cognitive Process Automation - 
CPA), to accelerate the innovation and automation strategy of Banco Montepio.  
With the introduction of this technology, in brief, when the Customers call Banco Montepio, they will be 
attended by M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio’s Automated Real-time Interaction Assistant), a virtual agent with 
artificial intelligence that seeks to revolutionise customer attendance. M.A.R.I.A. is a voice-answering unit 
that uses a natural language, with the capacity to deal with various topics simultaneously, recognising how 
people speak and adjusting the type of answer. As a result, it is possible to create virtual conversations that 
meet the Customer's requirements without having to resort to a human operator, improving resolution on first 
contact.  
By providing a virtual agent like M.A.R.I.A., Banco Montepio aims to improve the implementation of the 
contact, offering the Customer an experience that is more empathetic, personalised and with gradual 
construction of trust.  
Cognitive process automation components deal with automated business processes that require 
decisionmaking capabilities. The ultimate goal of this technology is to train virtual robots in order to ensure 
the execution of systematic tasks such as scheduling, task searches, completion of forms and others. This 
enables the Employees of Banco Montepio to concentrate on carrying out more complex activities, reducing 
human error and optimising the performance and satisfaction of its people. 
 
Current Activities 
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and services, 
such as mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment management services 
and the provision of credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers’ financial needs.  
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco Empresas 
Montepio. This new project aims to bring together Banco Empresas Montepio’s corporate banking and 
investment banking in one entity, presenting an integrated offer in the areas of corporate finance, debt and 
equity capital markets, advisory, structured finance, equity and debt distribution along with lending services. 
The Issuer has also been developing international operations, especially by the provision of foreign currency

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
to its Portuguese customers, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on attracting deposits 
from non-resident Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group currently has five 
representative offices in Paris, Toronto, Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark.  
Since the end of 2014, Banco Montepio Group's international operation has been carried out by three entities 
– Banco MG Cabo Verde, S.A., Finibanco Angola and until the end of 2018, BTM. 
Banco Montepio Group's international operation is undergoing a reorganisation and resizing process with a 
view to redefining its African exposures and focusing only on those opportunities which complement its 
strategic goals. Along with the implementation of strategic action measures that will allow it to refocus and 
reposition the institution in its natural market, it will offer a wide range of products and services and a 
differentiated customer relationship, acknowledged by its stakeholders. 
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core 
business focused on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad. 
As a comprehensive and diversified group, it provides its individual customers, corporates (focused on SMEs 
and middle market companies), and for the benefit of Portugal's citizens as a whole a universal offer of 
complementary products and services through its domestic distribution network. Banco Montepio Group's 
international operation has been developed through the stakes held in Finibanco Angola, Banco MG Cabo 
Verde, BTM (until the end of 2018) and several representative offices. 
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus 
on domestic operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.57 per cent. 
of the share capital of Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments will be 
settled over the time. Under this agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. and 1.15 
per cent. of the share capital of this subsidiary in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Thus, as at 31 December 2019, 
the Banco Montepio Group still had control of Finibanco Angola and an effective stake of 80.2 per cent., and 
a series of steps are underway for the deconsolidation of this subsidiary. 
In a public announcement, on 10 May 2019 Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A. started negotiations with shareholders of Banco de Negócios Internacional, S.A. 
(Angola) with a view to a merger between Finibanco Angola S.A. and Banco de Negócios Internacional, 
S.A. (Angola). It is the intention of the parties to attract the participation of international strategic partners 
for this operation, thus contributing to the consolidation, strengthening and opening up of the Angolan 
banking and financial system. The Angolan and Portuguese regulatory authorities were informed about this 
negotiation process. The development and conclusion of the negotiations are dependent on the necessary 
procedures with the shareholders and the Angolan authorities, as well as on the results of the Angolan 
program to assess the banking system's asset quality. The National Bank of Angola oversaw an asset quality 
review of 13 of the nation’s commercial banks with a view to learning about the financial health of these 
institutions. The move was part of the recommendations of the International Monetary Fund, under the 
agreement signed with the Angolan government, which also entailed assessment of the credits granted by 
commercial banks, in order to obtain an accurate assessment of the country’s banking sector. The asset quality 
review was completed on 31 December 2019 and found that 7 banks will need to adjust their capital structure 
in order to comply with minimum regulatory capital requirements. Based upon the results of the asset quality 
review, the banks that cannot be recapitalized will be closed. Banco Montepio is closely monitoring the 
banking consolidation process in Angola and maintains the strategic goal already announced of reducing its 
stake in Finibanco Angola S.A. in order to remove it from the Banco Montepio Group. 
Analysis of Issuer’s financial performance 
2019 consolidated activity and results (audited) 
In 2019, Banco Montepio carried out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation of 
an economically sustainable business model, in order to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and enable 
the organic growth of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continued to deleverage 
its balance sheet, which resulted in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real estate exposures.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
In addition, the Issuer's liquidity position was strengthened by attracting and retaining customer deposits 
and actively managing its securities portfolio to meet regulatory capital and liquidity requirements.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2019. 
 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and 
deposits to credit institutions payable on demand 
and Other loans and advances to credit institutions 
2 096 
1 899 
1 899 
1 309 
(590) (31.1) 
Loans and advances to customers 
13 029 
12 123 
12 095 
11 465 
(631) 
(5.2) 
Securities portfolio and other financial assets* 
2 385 
2 216 
2 216 
3 179 
963 
43.5 
Non current assets held for sale and Investment 
Properties 
1 281 
991 
991 
145 
(846) (85.4) 
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinuing 
operations 
474 
295 
295 
217 
(78) (26.5) 
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets 
473 
471 
480 
450 
(30) 
(6.3) 
Other 
461 
356 
356 
976 
620 174.0 
Total assets 
20 200 
18 351 
18 332 
17 740 
(592) 
(3.2) 
 
  
  
  
 
 
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from 
other credit institutions 
3 345 
2 641 
2 641 
1 813 
(828) (31.3) 
Deposits from customers 
12 561 
12 575 
12 575 
12 525 
(51) 
(0.4) 
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt 
1 780 
1 144 
1 144 
1 548 
404 
35.3 
Non current liabilities held for sale - Discontinuing 
operations 
330 
194 
194 
134 
(60) (30.7) 
Other 
421 
260 
261 
268 
7 
2.5 
Total liabilities 
18 437 
16 814 
16 815 
16 288 
(527) 
(3.1) 
 
  
  
  
 
 
Share capital* 
2 420 
2 420 
2 420 
2 420 
0 
0.0 
Other equity instruments, Fair value reserves, 
Other reserves and Retained earnings and Non-
controlling Interests 
(664) 
(896) 
(917) 
(990) 
(73) 
(8.0) 
Consolidated net income for the financial year 
attributable to the Shareholder 
6 
13 
14 
22 
8 
59.6 
Total equity 
1 763 
1 537 
1 517 
1 452 
(65) 
(4.3) 
Total liabilities and equity 
20 200 
18 351 
18 332 
17 740 
(592) 
(3.2) 
* Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of Principal and Interest). 
 
As at 31 December 2019, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, 
pursuant to the phasing-in rules, stood at 12.4 per cent. and 13.9 per cent., respectively, compared to 13.3 
per cent. and 13.9 per cent. at the end of 2018.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Total own funds stood at 1,430 million euros as at 31 December 2019, compared to 1,487 million euros as 
at 31 December 2018, reflecting, on the one hand, the reduction of tier 1 own funds, to a large extent caused 
by the regulatory deductions, namely the acceleration of the deduction of deferred tax assets, as well as the 
impact of the Pension Fund and, in the opposite direction, by the reinforcement of tier 2 own funds following 
the issuance of subordinated debt of 100 million euros carried out in the first half of 2019.  
Through a denominator effect, the capital ratios benefited from the positive impact of the reduction of 432 
million euros of risk-weighted assets (RWA), as a result of the sale of non-strategic assets, in particular the 
sales of non-performing loans and real estate assets, and an efficient management of the allocation of risk 
in the portfolios of credit and debt securities.  
On a fully implemented basis, as at 31 December 2019, the CET1 ratio stood at 11.2 per cent. and the Total 
Capital ratio at 12.8 per cent., with the differences in relation to the phasing-in capital ratios currently being 
explained by the component of IFRS 9.  
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, stood at 7.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, compared 
to 7.6 per cent. at the end of 2018, being above the benchmark minimum defined by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (3 per cent.).  
As at 31 December 2019, the capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above the required prudential 
levels for the total capital requirement (including combined reserves), pursuant to the decision disclosed for 
the financial year of 2019 by Banco de Portugal, as the authority responsible for Banco Montepio's 
supervision on a consolidated basis, in the context of the annual supervisory process named Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP), under Pillar 2. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's capital and capital requirements as at 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019. 
 
CAPITAL AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Total own funds  
  
 
Common Equity Tier 1 
1 457 
1 430 
1 274 
(156) 
(10.9) 
Tier 1 
1 457 
1 431 
1 274 
(157) 
(10.9) 
Total Capital 
1 513 
1 487 
1 430 
(57) 
(3.8) 
Risk-weighted assets 
10 759 
10 731 
10 299 
(432) 
(4.0) 
Phasing-in ratios 
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
13.5% 
13.3% 
12.4% 
(90) bp 
Tier 1 
13.5% 
13.3% 
12.4% 
(90) bp 
Total Capital 
14.1% 
13.9% 
13.9% 
0 bp 
Fully implemented ratios 
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
11.4% 
11.2% 
11.2% 
0 bp 
Tier 1 
11.4% 
11.2% 
11.2% 
0 bp 
Total Capital 
12.0% 
11.7% 
12.8% 
110 bp 
Leverage ratios 
  
Phasing-In 
7.8% 
7.6% 
7.0% 
(60) bp 
Fully implemented 
6.6% 
6.4% 
6.4% 
0 bp

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
The table below sets out a summary of the calculation for Banco Montepio Group’s capital requirements as 
at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, under phasing-in: 
(€ thousand) 
  
    
2019 
2018 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
Realized share capital 
2 420 000  
2 420 000  
Net income/(loss), Reserves and Retained earnings  
(985 885) 
(924 967) 
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1 
 4 598  
 6 597  
Other regulatory adjustments 
(164 845) 
(71 283) 
1 273 868  
1 430 347  
Tier 1 Capital 
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1 
  252  
  382  
1 274 120  
1 430 729  
Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated debt 
 156 323  
 56 323  
 156 323  
 56 323  
  
  
Total own funds 
1 430 443  
1 487 052  
Own funds' requirements 
 
  
Credit risk 
 717 673  
 745 291  
Market risk 
 7 811  
 8 501  
Operational risk 
 60 896  
 61 884  
Other requirements 
 37 509  
 42 812  
 823 889  
 858 488  
Prudential ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
12.4% 
13.3% 
Tier 1 ratio 
12.4% 
13.3% 
Total Capital ratio 
13.9% 
13.9% 
 
Customers' resources 
Throughout 2019, Banco Montepio developed a series of initiatives aimed at capturing and retaining 
customer resources, under its liquidity risk management strategy.  
Total customers' resources amounted to 13,496 million euros at the end of December 2019, of which 12,679 
million euros correspond to customers' resources on the balance sheet, with 98.8 per cent. referring to 
customer deposits.  
As at 31 December 2019, Deposits from customers stood at 12,525 million euros, essentially concentrated 
in individual customers, a segment that has continued predominant in representing 77.9 per cent. of total 
deposits.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
As at 31 December 2019, Customer deposits remained relatively stable, as a whole, in relation to the value 
at the end of 2018, in a context of interest rates at historically low levels and a more competitive 
environment.  
As at 31 December 2019, the heading of Securities placed with customers stood at 154 million euros, 
compared to 181 million euros as at 31 December 2018, reflecting the maturity of securitised debt.  
Off-balance sheet resources reached 817 million euros as at 31 December 2019, compared to 676 million 
euros recorded at the end of 2018, representing an increase of 20.9 per cent., due to the increases recorded 
in the Securities and Real Estate Investment Funds and in the Pension Funds, despite the reduction observed 
in Capitalisation insurance. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
CUSTOMERS’ RESOURCES 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
  
2018 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Deposits from customers 
12 575 
12 525 
(51) 
(0.4) 
Sight Deposits5 
3 999 
4 617 
618 
15.5 
Term Deposits6 
8 576 
7 908 
(669) 
(7.8) 
Securities placed with Customers 
 181 
 154 
(27) 
(15.0) 
Total On-Balance sheet resources 
12 756 
12 679 
(77) 
(0.6) 
Off-Balance sheet resources 
 676 
 817 
141 
20.9 
Total Customers' resources 
13 432 
13 496 
64 
0.5 
Issued Debt 
As at 31 December 2019, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt increased by 404 
million euros (+35.3 per cent.) to stand at 1,548 million euros, compared to 1,144 million euros recorded as 
at 31 December 2018, as a result of the increase recorded both in Debt securities issued (+296 million euros) 
and in Other subordinated debt (+108 million euros). The evolution observed in Debt securities issued 
reveals, on the one hand, the reduction in relation to the end of 2018 of Cash bonds (-117.4 million euros) 
and Securitisations (-88.9 million euros), and on the other hand, the increase of Mortgage bonds (+502.3 
million euros). The increase recorded in Other subordinated debt in relation to 31 December 2018 was 
caused by the issuance of 100 million euros of subordinated debt, under the Euro Medium-Term Note 
Programme (EMTN) of Banco Montepio. 
Liquidity 
During 2019, Banco Montepio continued to develop a series of initiatives aimed at upholding the robust 
liquidity position, with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force and in line with the strategic goals 
of the Transformation Plan.  
The management of Banco Montepio's balance sheet led to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) reaching 
179.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, having evolved favourably in relation to the ratio of 160.5 per cent. 
recorded as at 31 December 2018, thus standing 79.9 percentage points above the minimum regulatory 
requirement of 100 per cent. applicable in 2019.  
The performance of Customer deposits, on the one hand, and the slowdown of Loans to customers, on the 
other hand, led to a loan-to-deposit ratio (Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers), 
 
5 Sight Deposits corresponds to Demand deposits and Other funds. 
6 Term Deposits corresponds to Term deposits, Savings deposits and Value corrections of operations at fair value option.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
calculated in accordance with Banco de Portugal Instruction number 16/2004, of 91.5 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019, compared to 96.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's liquidity ratios as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
 
LIQUIDITY RATIOS 
 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 
19/18 
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (a) 
96.4 
96.2 
91.5 
(4.7 
percentage 
points) 
Loans and advances to customers / Total on-balance sheet customers' 
resources (b) 
88.7 
88.5 
82.4 
(6.1 
percentage 
points) 
(a) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No.16/2004, in its current version. 
(b) Total On-Balance Sheet Customers' Resources = Deposits from customers + debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with the 
Financial Statements annexed to this report. 
 
The total value of the pool of eligible assets at the end of 2019 recorded an increase in relation to 31 
December 2018 of the value of 985 million euros, reflecting Banco Montepio's strategy of investment in 
liquid assets, in a perspective of the integrated management of liquidity and funding sources. As at 31 
December 2019, the value of the pool of collateral for Eurosystem operations stood at 3,633 million euros, 
compared to 2,648 million euros recorded at the end of 2018. The use of European Central Bank funds at 
the end of 2019 was 104 million euros lower than the value at the end of 2018. The use of Eurosystem 
monetary policy operations falls under the support given to the economy, with a view to optimising the 
long-term funding, namely through participation in TLTRO-II (“Targeted Longer-term Refinancing 
Operations”), in the context of the nonconventional expansionary monetary policy measures implemented 
by the ECB. In terms of available collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets increased 
by 86.9 per cent. 2019 by shifting from 1,253 million euros the end of 2018 to 2,342 million euros as at 31 
December 2019. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing options with the ECB as at 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB 
(€ million) 
  
2017 
2018 
2019 
Change 19/18 
  
Amount 
% 
Pool of eligible assets (a) 
2 595 
2 648 
3 633 
985 
37.2 
Use of the pool 
1 558 
1 395 
1 291 
(104) 
(7.5) 
Pool of available assets 
1 037 
1 253 
2 342 
1 089 
86.9 
(a) Includes eligible assets, free of charge, for operations in the MIC (Collateralized Interbank Market). 
 
The repurchase operations with counterparts (“Repos”), which stood at 873 million euros as at 31 December 
2018, were reduced during 2019, explaining the decrease observed in funds from other credit institutions, 
under the established strategy for liquidity management and funding sources. In the interbank money 
market, Banco Montepio did not show any assignment or taking of funds. In the interbank money market 
of foreign currency, Banco Montepio showed a position of 31 million American dollars assigned at the 
average rate of 2 per cent.. 
Asset Quality

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
As at 31 December 2019, Gross loans and advances to customers reached 12,239 million euros, representing 
a decrease of 6.3 per cent. in relation to the 13,068 million euros recorded as at 31 December 2018. This 
reveals, on the one hand, the policy of risk management and repricing in granting loans, and on the other 
hand, the loans written off from the assets (write-offs) and the sales of non-performing loans conducted 
throughout 2019.  
As a result of the measures that have been implemented, there has been a reduction, both of the number of 
new contracts moving into default (-24.2 per cent.), and of the value in default (-12.5 per cent.).  
Throughout 2019, Banco Montepio continued to perfect the process of approval, granting and control of 
loans with a view to accomplishing the strategic goal of improving asset quality and, in this way, foster an 
improvement in the credit quality indicators, based on a reduction of risk concentration, in particular in the 
construction and real estate activity sectors.  
As at 31 December 2019, the Gross loans and advances to customers recorded a reduction of 828 million 
euros in relation to the end of 2018, showing the reduction of loans granted to individuals, both for housing 
purposes (-6.9 per cent.), which continues to show a higher level of repayment than of new operations 
raised, and for loans granted for other purposes (-36.1 per cent.). In the meantime, loans granted to 
companies continued to be in line with the values recorded in 2018 (restated), a portfolio of non-performing 
loans (Atlas II operation) was sold for the gross value of 321 million euros, and loans were written off from 
the assets to the value of 90.9 million euros.  
Under Banco Montepio's Transformation Plan the improvement of credit quality is also based on a more 
effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising recoveries and corporate 
finance solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of individuals, companies especially 
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and Social Economy entities. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan portfolio as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
LOAN PORTFOLIO 
(By sector of activity) 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amou
nt 
% 
Individuals 
 7 384  
 7 384  
 6 546  
(838) 
(11.3) 
Housing loans 
 6 252  
 6 252  
 5 823  
(429) 
(6.9) 
Others 
 1 132  
 1 132  
  723  
(409) 
(36.1) 
Companies 
 5 684  
 5 684  
 5 693  
9 
0.2 
Manufacturing industries 
  933  
  933  
  927  
(6) 
(0.6) 
Wholesale and retail trade 
  863  
  863  
  852  
(11) 
(1.2) 
Construction and Public works, and Real estate activities 
 1 529  
 1 529  
 1 454  
(75) 
(4.9) 
Accommodation and catering activities 
  432  
  432  
  440  
8 
1.9 
Transportation and storage 
  410  
  410  
  365  
(45) 
(11.0) 
Business Services 
  395  
  395  
  397  
2 
0.4 
Other collective service activities 
  169  
  169  
  114  
(55) 
(32.7) 
Others 
  952  
  952  
 1 144  
192 
20.2 
Gross loans and advances to customers 
 13 068   13 068   12 239  
(828) 
(6.3) 
Impairment for credit risks 
  945  
  972  
  775  
(197) 
(20.3) 
Loans and advances to customers 
 12 123   12 095   11 465  
(631) 
(5.2)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The proportion of Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) to total gross loans to customers stood at 12.2 per 
cent., compared to 14.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2018, revealing the favourable evolution of the 
reduction of nonperforming exposures stock in relation to the value recorded at the end of 2018, which 
stood at 1,488 million euros as at 31 December 2019, despite the reduction of the portfolio of gross loans 
to customers which negatively impacted the ratio.  
Notwithstanding the sales of non-performing loans, there was an improvement of the ratios of coverage of 
non-performing exposures by impairment and by asset-backed and financial collateral. The Transformation 
Plan of Banco Montepio foresees a downward trend of the ratio of non-performing exposures supported by 
higher rates of remedy and recovery of loans in default and by the selective sale of non-performing 
exposures. 
The coverage of non-performing exposures by impairment for loans and associated collateral and financial 
guarantees on the balance sheet stood at 87.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, compared to 87.7 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2018, while the coverage for balance sheet impairments stood at 52.1 per cent., compared 
to 51.7 per cent. recorded as at 31 December 2018. 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
LOAN QUALITY INDICATORS 
(€ million) 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
  
Gross loans and advances to customers  
13 068 
13 068 12 239 
(828) 
(6.3) 
 
 
  
  
 
Past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 days 
914 
914 
685 
(229) 
(25.1) 
 
 
  
  
 
Impairment for credit risk 
945 
972 
775 
(197) 
(20.3) 
  
Ratios (%) 
 
 
  
 
 
Cost of credit risk 
0.5 
0.5 
1.0 
0.5 percentage 
points 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
7.0 
7.0 
5.6 
(1.4 percentage 
points) 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross loans to customers 
14.4 
14.4 
12.2 
(2.2 percentage 
points) 
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans to customers 
7.2 
7.2 
7.1 
(0.1 percentage 
points) 
  
Coverage by Impairments for balance sheet loans (%) 
 
 
  
 
 
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
103.4 
106.4 
113.2 
6.8 percentage 
points 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a)  
50.3 
51.7 
52.1 
0.4 percentage 
points 
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also including associated 
collaterals and financial guarantees (a)  
86.2 
87.7 
87.2 
(0.5 percentage 
points) 
(a) EBA definition. 
  
  
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group’s credit risk exposure as at 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019:

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(€ thousand) 
  
    
2019 
2018 
Deposits at credit institutions repayable on demand 
 29 445   
 78 088  
Other loans and advances to credit institutions 
 275 598   
 209 932  
Loans and advances to customers 
11 464 542   
12 095 373  
Financial assets held for trading 
 34 689   
 23 739  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 11 455   
 28 092  
Financial assets at fair value through 
     other comprehensive income  
1 723 507   
 311 512  
Hedging derivatives 
 11 148   
 5 666  
Other financial assets at amortized cost 
 899 145   
1 255 651  
Investments in associated companies 
 4 439   
 4 282  
Other assets 
 666 941   
 75 228  
Guarantees and standby letters provided 
 513 824   
 464 929  
Irrevocable credit lines 
 579 670   
 553 073  
 
 
 
16 214 403   
15 105 565  
 
In the context of strategy of rebalancing the asset structure, Banco Montepio continued, throughout 2019, 
to identify and implement measures aimed at improving the liquidity levels and active management of the 
Portfolio of securities and other instruments.  
As at 31 December 2019, the portfolio of securities and other instruments amounted to 3,179 million euros, 
compared to 2,216 million euros as at 31 December 2018. The evolution of the portfolio of securities and 
other instruments in relation to 2018 reveals, on the one hand, the increase of the portfolio of Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of 1,416 million euros, influenced by the 
acquisition of public and corporate debt instruments, and on the other hand, the reduction of the portfolio 
of Other financial assets at amortised costs, derived from the reduction of bonds of national public issuers, 
and of the portfolio of Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, 
in this case determined by the reduction of the component of variable yield securities, related to participation 
units in funds. 
As at 31 December 2019, €779.2 million or 6.4 per cent. of the Issuer’s loan portfolio, including past due 
loans and advances and interest, was in default compared with €951.2 million or 7.3 per cent. as at 31 
December 2018. 
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest during the year ended 31 December 2018 and 
during the year ended 31 December 2019, by type of customer and purpose, is as follows: 
 
(€ thousand) 
  
  
  
2019 
2018 
Corporate 
Construction/Production 
  159 455  
  197 762  
Investment 
  312 716  
  347 800  
Treasury 
  201 083  
  187 479  
Other  
  22 071  
  36 039  
Retail 
Mortgage loans 
  39 728  
  81 558  
Consumer credit 
  21 664  
  46 664  
Other 
  22 499  
  53 880  
   779 216  
   951 183

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest during 
the year ended 31 December 2018 and the year ended 31 December 2019: 
(€ thousands) 
  
    
2019 
2018 
Past due loans and advances and interest 
Less than 90 days 
   94 667  
   37 298  
More than 90 days 
   684 549  
   913 885  
   779 216  
   951 183  
 
As at 31 December 2019, the caption Loans and advances to customers includes the amount of Euro 
2,719,463 thousand (31 December 2018: Euro 2,728,028 thousand) related to the issue of covered bonds 
realized by the Group. 
Earnings 
Banco Montepio recorded a Consolidated net profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the shareholder of 
21.7 million euros in 2019, compared to the value of 12.5 million euros recorded in 2018 (and with the 
restated value of 13.6 million euros in 2018).  
The evolution of the net income in 2019 reflected the positive effect associated to the increased operating 
profit before impairments, despites the reduction of the income from discontinuing operations. 
The table below sets out certain items from the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 
2018 and 31 December 2019. 
 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Net interest income (1) 
248.1 
248.1 
236.8 
(11.3) 
(4.6) 
Commercial net interest income 
256.9 
256.9 
244.9 
(12.0) 
(4.7) 
Net fee and commission income (2) 
118.4 
118.4 
121.5 
3.1 
2.7 
Core total operating income ((1)+(2)) 
366.5 
366.5 
358.4 
(8.1) 
(2.2) 
Dividends from equity instruments 
8.1 
8.1 
7.6 
(0.4) 
(5.6) 
Results from financial operations 
10.9 
10.9 
49.9 
39.0 
357.6 
Other operating income* 
(8.1) 
(8.1) 
13.6 
21.8 
267.6 
Total operating income (3) 
377.4 
377.4 
429.5 
52.1 
13.8 
Staff Costs 
156.0 
156.0 
157.6 
1.6 
1.0 
General and administrative expenses 
77.7 
77.7 
65.5 
(12.2) 
(15.7) 
Depreciation and amortization 
25.9 
25.9 
31.2 
5.3 
20.6

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Operating costs (4) 
259.6 
259.6 
254.3 
(5.3) 
(2.1) 
Net operating income before provisions and 
impairments ((3)-(4)) 
117.8 
117.8 
175.2 
57.4 
48.7 
Impairment of loans and advances (5) 
73.2 
72.3 
120.3 
48.0 
66.3 
Impairment of other financial assets (6) 
2.9 
2.9 
9.5 
6.6 
230.7 
Impairment of other assets (7) 
13.2 
13.2 
11.7 
-1.5 
(11.3) 
Other provisions (8) 
4.2 
3.7 
-0.4 
-4.1 
(111) 
Net provisions and impairments ((5)+(6)+(7)+(8)) 
93.5 
92.1 
141.1 
49.0 
53.2 
Profit/ (loss) of associates under the equity method 
0.2 
0.2 
0.2 
0.0 
(17.5) 
Profit before income tax 
24.5 
25.9 
34.3 
8.4 
32.5 
Income tax 
(44.8) 
(45.2) 
(22.7) 
22.5 
49.8 
Profit / (loss) after income tax from continuing 
operations 
(20.3) 
(19.3) 
11.6 
30.8 
160 
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations 
36.1 
36.2 
12.6 
(23.6) 
(65.1) 
Non-controlling interests 
3.3 
3.3 
2.5 
(0.8) 
(24.4) 
Consolidated net profit / (loss) for the period 
attributable for the shareholder 
12.5 
13.6 
21.7 
8.1 
59.6 
* Other operating income is composed by "Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets" and "Other 
operating income / (expense)" 
 
Total operating income amounted to 429.5 million euros in 2019, compared to the value of 377.4 million 
euros recorded in 2018, showing an increase of 13.8 per cent. underpinned by the favourable evolution of 
the Results from financial operations, Other operating income and Net fee and commission, despite the 
adverse contributions of Net interest income and Income from equity instruments. 
Net interest income stood at 236.8 million euros in 2019, compared to the value of 248.1 million euros 
recorded in 2018. The evolution of Net interest income was adversely affected by the reduction of the 
interest related to the loan portfolio and the cash and deposits at other credit institutions, and by the increased 
interest paid for the subordinated debt, and positively affected by the reduction achieved in the interest paid 
for the resources of other credit institutions, for customer deposits and issued senior debt. 
In 2019 there was a decrease in the interest and similar income of the Loans and advances to customers of 
34.1 million euros, expressing the reduction of the portfolio's balance (volume effect), reflecting the 
deleveraging of non-performing loans, as well as the evolution of the average interest rate (price effect) 
from 2.26 per cent. in 2018 to 2.19 per cent. in 2019, in a context in which the main reference rates continue 
on negative ground.  
The interest received recorded under cash and deposits essentially reflect the interest of funds taken at the 
ECB. In this respect, the reduction in interest of 8.2 million euros in relation to 2018 was primarily due to 
the income of 7.7 million euros recorded in the first half of 2018 arising from the a posteriori recalculation 
of the applicable interest and taking retroactive effect in the context of the existing mechanism in funds 
taken from the ECB. 
In 2019, Net interest income benefited from the positive impact of the interest and similar expense reduction 
associated to Deposits from customers of 22.2 million euros, via the price effect, showing the impacts of 
the reduction of the average rate, from 0.45 per cent. in 2018 to 0.27 per cent. in 2019, revealing the 
management of the pricing applied in the capture of new deposits, as well as in the renovation of existing 
deposits, leading to an increase of the average balance of customer deposits between the two periods under 
review.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
The interest and similar expense paid for debt securities issued  contributed positively to the evolution of 
Net interest income in falling by 8.2 million euros in 2019 compared to 2018, via the volume effect and 
price effect, with the average interest rate having evolved from 1.42 per cent. in 2018 to 0.97 per cent. in 
2019, reflecting the settlement upon maturity of some issuers. 
Net interest income also benefited from the reduction of costs related to interest of resources from other 
credit institutions of 7.9 million euros, via the volume and price effect, with the average interest rate having 
fallen from 0.95 per cent. in 2018 to 0.72 per cent. in 2019.  
The cost reduction referred to above enables accommodating the increased interest and similar expense 
related to other subordinated debt (+10.7 million euros in 2019 compared to 2018), as a result of the issuance 
of subordinated debt of 100 million euros in the first quarter of 2019.  
In 2019, the Net interest income margin stood at 1.43 per cent., in line with the value recorded in 2018, 
primarily revealing the context of low interest rates and the highly competitive environment, which 
continues to constraint the performance of net interest income. 
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 
2018 and 31 December 2019. 
 
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
  
    
    
  
  
 
(€ million) 
  
2018 
  
2019 
 
Avg. 
amount 
 Avg. rate 
(%) 
 
Interest 
 
Avg. 
amount 
  Avg. rate 
(%) 
  
Interest 
 
 
  
  
 
      
    
Assets 
 
 
  
  
    
    
  
Cash and deposits (1) 
 1 371   
1.01  
14.0  
1 111   
0.51   
5.7 
Loans and advances to OCI 
324  
0.78  
2.6  
262   
0.91   
2.4 
Loans and advances to 
customers 
13 709  
2.26  
313.8  
12 570   
2.19   
279.6 
Securities portfolio(2)  
1 733  
0.67  
11.7  
2 396   
0.57   
13.8 
Other assets at fair value(3)  
12  
2.77  
0.3  
22   
1.12   
0.3 
Other (includes derivatives)(4)  
 
  
 
19.3    
  
-    
14.6 
Interest and similar income 
17 149  
2.08  
361.7  
16 361   
1.91   
316.5 
  
  
  
   
    
    
Liabilities 
 
  
  
   
    
    
Resources from central banks 
1 540  
0.32  
5.0  
1 385   
0.24   
3.3 
Resources from OCI 
1 637  
0.95  
15.8  
1 082   
0.72   
7.9 
Deposits from customers 
12 390  
0.45  
56.9  
12 566   
0.27   
34.8 
Debt securities issued 
1 287  
1.42  
18.6  
1 051   
0.97   
10.3 
Other subordinated debt 
91  
1.24  
1.1  
132   
8.84   
11.8 
Other (includes derivatives)(5) 
 
  
 
16.2    
    
  
11.6 
Interest and similar expense 
16 945  
0.66  
113.6  
16 216   
0.48   
79.7 
 
   
  
   
    
    
Net interest income 
  
  
1.43   
248.1     
  
1.43   
236.8 
(1) In 2018, the impact of the recalculation of interest on borrowings with the ECB, including that relating to prior periods, was disclosed. 
(2) Securities portfolio corresponds to the sum of Financial assets held for trading and Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
(3) Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and similar income. 
(4) Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Hedging derivatives and Other financial assets at amortized cost. 
(5) Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities and other interest and similar 
expense.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
The Net fee and commission income related to services rendered to customers stood at 121.5 million euros 
in 2019, compared to 118.4 million euros recorded in 2018, representing an increase of 3.1 million euros, 
supported by the favourable evolution of Market fees (+2.2 million euros) and Payment service fees (+4.0 
million euros), which more than offset the reduction recorded in Other fees (-2.3 million euros) and Credit 
fees (-0.8 million euros). 
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019. 
(€ thousands) 
2019 
  
2018 
Interest and similar income 
Loans and advances to customers 
279 642  
  313 769  
Deposits and other loans and advances 
8 131  
  16 601  
Financial assets held for trading 
8 616  
  14 258  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
5 210  
  7 869  
Hedging derivatives 
6 559  
  6 563  
Other financial assets at amortized cost 
8 002  
  2 230  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 252  
   338  
Other interest and similar income 
 76  
   80  
316 488  
361 708  
Interest and similar expense 
Deposits from customers 
34 751  
  56 912  
Debt securities issued 
10 306  
  18 550  
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions 
11 185  
  20 810  
Financial liabilities held for trading 
7 125  
  12 474  
Hedging derivatives 
3 549  
  3 707  
Other subordinated debt 
11 803  
  1 140  
Lease liabilities 
 947  
-  
Other interest and similar expense 
 11  
   11  
79 677  
113 604  
Net interest income 
236 811  
248 104  
 
The Results from financial operations stood at 49.9 million euros in 2019, compared to 10.9 million euros 
recorded in 2018, reflecting, on the one hand, the increased net capital gains obtained on the results from 
sales of  Portuguese sovereign  bonds, which amounted to 41.3 million euros (+33.1 million euros) and net 
gains /(losses) arising from  exchange differences (+6.1 million euros), and on the other hand, the reduction 
of the net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (-3.8 
million euros).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
(€ million) 
  
2018 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Net gains / (losses) arising from finacial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
12.3 
8.5 
(3.8) 
(30.7) 
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
5.6 
42.3 
36.6 
651.3 
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange differences 
(7.0) 
(0.9) 
6.1 
(87.1) 
Results from financial operations 
10.9 
49.9 
39.0 
357.6 
of which: net capital gains obtained on the results from sales of 
Portuguese sovereign bonds 
8.2 
41.3 
33.1 
404 
 
In 2019, Operating costs amounted to 254.3 million euros, representing a 2.1 per cent. reduction in relation 
to the value recorded in 2018, sustained by the reduction of General and administrative expenses of 12.2 
million euros (-15.7 per cent.) despite the increase recorded in Staff costs of 1.6 million euros (+1.0 per 
cent.) and in Depreciation and amortisation of 5.3 million euros (+20.6 per cent.). The level of Operating 
costs reflects the effort that has been made by Banco Montepio to streamline the structure and optimise 
costs, in a context of essential investments for banking activity and for fulfilment of the regulatory and 
compliance activity. In 2019, Staff costs stood at 157.6 million euros, compared to 156.0 million euros in 
2018, as a result of the increase of 3.2 million euros related to Remuneration and 0.5 million euros of 
mandatory social charges, largely offset by the reduction of charges with the Pension Fund of 2.1 million 
euros. General and administrative expenses stood at 65.5 million euros in 2019, evolving favourably in 
relation to the value of 77.7 million euros recorded in 2018, basically reflecting the reduction of rental costs 
of 8.5 million euros associated to the adoption of IFRS 16, the decreased costs related to specialized services 
of 1.8 million euros, the decreased maintenance and repairs costs of 1.6 million euros, and the increased 
communication costs of 0.6 million euros. Following the application of IFRS 16 from 1 January 2019, the 
Depreciation  and amortisation showed a 20.6 per cent. increase in relation to the value recorded in 2018, 
to reach the total value of 31.2 million euros in 2019, due to having included 7.4 million euros related to 
the heading of Right-of-use assets, which essentially correspond to real estate properties (branches and 
central buildings) and to the fleet of company vehicles. In 2019, the cost-to-income, excluding specific 
impacts  (Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and 
other operating income)), stood at 69.5 per cent., compared to 69.3 per cent. calculated in 2018.  
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2019. 
 
OPERATING COSTS 
 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
  
2018 
2019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Staff Costs 
156.0 
157.6 
1.6 
1.0 
General and administrative expenses 
77.7 
65.5 
(12.2) 
(15.7) 
Depreciation and amortisation  
25.9 
31.2 
5.3 
20.6

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Operating costs 
259.6 
254.3 
(5.3) 
(2.1) 
Efficiency ratios 
 
  
 
 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) (a) 
68.8% 
59.2% 
(9.6 percentage 
points) 
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts (b) 
69.3% 
69.5% 0.2 percentage points 
(a) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
(b) Excludes results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income). 
 
 
The total of net provisions and impairments amounted to 141.1 million euros in 2019, reflecting an increase 
of 49.0 million euros (+53.2 per cent.) in relation to the same period of the previous year (restated), driven 
by the increase of Impairment of loans and advances of 48.0 million euros and by the increase of 
Impairment of other financial assets of 6.6 million euros, notwithstanding the reduction of Impairment of 
other assets of 1.5 million euros and Other provisions of 4.1 million euros.  
In 2019, Impairment of loans and advances stood at 120.3 million euros, compared to the value of 72.3 
million euros recorded in 2018 (+48.0 million euros), as a result of the higher allocation for the year net of 
reversals of impairment of loans to customers. At the same time, Gross loans and advances to customers 
decreased by 828 million euros. The two combined effects led the cost of credit risk to stand at 1.0 per cent., 
compared to 0.5 per cent. in 2018.  
The Impairment of other financial assets stood at 9.5 million euros, having increased by 6.6 million euros 
in relation to the value of 2.9 million euros recorded in 2018. This is explained, on the one hand, by the 
increased allocation for the charge for the financial year net of reversals for impairment of financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (+7.7 million euros), and on the other, by the decreased 
allocation for the charge for the financial year net of reversals for impairment of other financial assets at 
amortised cost (-1.1 million euros).  
In relation to the Impairment of other assets, the value stated in 2019 stood at 11.7 million euros, 
representing a reduction of 1.5 million euros in relation to the value recorded in 2018. Following the transfer 
of Non-current assets held for sale to the heading of Other assets, the value of the impairment of these assets 
was also stated in Other assets.  
In turn, Other provisions amounted to -0.4 million euros in 2019, revealing a reduction of 4.1 million euros 
compared to the value of 3.7 million euros recorded in the same period of 2018. This evolution was 
fundamentally caused by the lower allocation for the year to Provisions for other risks and costs, despite the 
higher allocation to Provisions for guarantees and commitments undertaken. 
 
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS 
  
  
 
(€ 
million) 
  
2 018 
2018 
Restated 
2 019 
Change 19/18 
Amount 
% 
Impairment of loans and advances 
73.2 
72.3 
120.3 
48.0 
66.3 
Impairment of other financial assets  
2.9 
2.9 
9.5 
6.6 
230.7 
Impairment of other assets  
13.2 
13.2 
11.7 
(1.5) 
(11.3) 
Other provisions 
4.2 
3.7 
(0.4) 
(4.1) 
(111) 
Net provisions and impairments  
93.5 
92.1 
141.1 
49.0 
53.2

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
International activity 
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by the subsidiaries Finibanco 
Angola, S.A., Banco MG Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., with Banco Terra, S.A. having been 
sold in December 2018, thus no longer being included in the Group's consolidation perimeter as at 31 
December 2018.  
In the context of the strategic redefinition of its international shareholdings, Banco Montepio is undergoing 
negotiations with a view to re-focusing its approach to the African market, and thus accentuating the 
domestic focus of the Group's activity.  
Finibanco Angola, S.A., 80.22 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, is a universal bank supporting small and 
medium sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign trade with special incidence on transactions 
between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its competitive advantage on the quality of its service. 
Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise and finance individual customers and micro-
enterprises, promoting viable business initiatives.  
Finibanco Angola completed 11 years of activity in 2019, having been incorporated on 4 September 2007 
and having started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 June 2008. The expansion of the distribution 
network, levered on experience and the favourable evolution of its activity, has been accomplished through 
own funding, aimed at proximity to its customers, and had a total of 24 branches and business centres as at 
31 December 2019.  
Banco MG Cabo Verde, S.A., 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, provides a broad offer of specialized 
financial products and services for the segments of individuals, institutions or companies with international 
vocation, diversified investment and saving solutions, as well as capital and liquidity management solutions. 
On 31 August 2018, Banco Montepio informed the market that its subsidiary Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A. had agreed to sell its 45.8 per cent. stake in BTM to Arise, a holding company established by Norfund, 
Dutch development bank FMO and Rabobank. Following this sale, Banco Montepio Group has ceased to 
hold any participation in BTM, consistent with the Issuer's strategic reassessment of its international 
operations. In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group completed the sale of its 45.8 per cent. holding 
in BTM, reducing its international branches by 10.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio has a 80.2 per cent. shareholding in Finibanco 
Angola, a universal bank supporting SMEs, individuals and Angolan foreign trade. Finibanco Angola 
advises and finances individual customers and micro-enterprises to promote business initiatives that would 
otherwise not have access to credit. As at 31 December 2018, Finibanco Angola had a total of 24 branches 
and business centres. 
Banco MG Cabo Verde, S.A., 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, provides a broad offer of specialised 
financial products and services, diversified investment and saving solutions, as well as capital and liquidity 
management solutions. 
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group’s 
international business. 
Activity and Results 
(€ million) 
  
As reported (1) 
On comparable basis (2) 
Change 19/18 
2018 
2018 
2019 
Amount 
% 
    
 
Total assets 
369.6 
369.6 
404.7 
35.1 
9.5 
Loans to customers (net) 
41.0 
41.0 
42.1 
1.1 
2.7 
Customers' deposits 
284.4 
284.4 
299.1 
14.7 
5.2 
Total operating income 
31.9 
26.8 
25.5 
(1.3) 
(4.7) 
Operating costs 
15.2 
9.4 
11.2 
1.8 
20.3

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Cost-to-Income 
47.7% 
34.9% 
44.1% 
0.1 
9.2 
percentage 
points 
Net income 
7.8 
8.3 
9.8 
1.5 
18.7 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Note: For comparative purposes, the financial statements of  2018, and 2019 of Finibanco Angola and 2018 of Banco Terra were converted 
using the same exchange rates: AOA / EUR 540,817; MZN / EUR 70,278. (1) Includes Finibanco Angola, Banco MG Cabo Verde and 
Banco Terra. (2) Includes Finibanco Angola and Banco MG Cabo Verde. 
 
The total Assets of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached 404.7 million euros as 
at 31 December 2019, compared to 369.6 million euros recorded at the end of 2018, showing an increase of 
9.5 per cent.. This evolution was driven by the 27.6 per cent. increase observed in Finibanco Angola in 
relation to the value achieved at the end of 2018, despite the 12.3 per cent. reduction recorded in the Total 
assets of Banco MG Cabo Verde in this period.  
The Loans to customers of the international activity recorded as at 31 December 2019 showed an increase 
of 2.7 per cent. in relation to the value at the end of 2018, evolving from 41.0 million euros as at 31 
December 2018 to 42.1 million euros as at 31 December 2019. This evolution was exclusively caused by 
the increase recorded in Loans to customers by Finibanco Angola, as Banco MG Cabo Verde has no values 
recorded under this heading.  
Customer deposits captured by the subsidiaries forming the international activity of the Banco Montepio 
Group amounted to 299.1 million euros as at 31 December 2019, corresponding to an increase of 5.2 per 
cent. in relation to the value of 284.4 million euros recorded as at 31 December 2018. This reflects, on the 
one hand, the 27.7 per cent. increase in Customer deposits at Finibanco Angola which evolved from 125.9 
million euros as at 31 December 2018 to 160.8 million euros as at 31 December 2019, representing 53.8 per 
cent. of the total deposits of the international activity, and, on the other hand, the 12.7 per cent. reduction in 
Customer deposits at Banco MG Cabo Verde which stood at 138.3 million euros as at 31 December 2019 
compared to 158.5 million euros as at 31 December 2018.  
The Total operating income of the international activity in 2019 amounted to 25.5 million euros, compared 
to 26.8 million euros recorded in 2018. This represents a reduction of 4.7 per cent., which was underpinned 
by the lower Net interest income which reached 12.4 million euros (-9.3 per cent.), Net fee and commission 
which amounted to 2.9 million euros (-50.7 per cent.) and Other operating income which remained negative 
at 1.4 million euros (-52.4 per cent.), notwithstanding the Results from foreign exchange differences which 
reached 11.6 million euros (+42.8 per cent.).  
At Finibanco Angola, Total operating income stood at 24.7 million euros in 2019, representing a 6.4 per 
cent. reduction in relation to the 26.6 million euros recorded in 2018, reflecting the reductions observed in 
Net interest income, Net fee and commission, and Other operating income, notwithstanding the increase in 
Results from foreign exchange differences. 
At Banco MG Cabo Verde, Total operating income stood at 0.7 million euros, representing an increase of 
0.4 million euros compared to the value recorded in the same period of 2018 based on the favourable 
evolution of Net interest income.  
Operating costs of the international activity stood at 11.2 million euros, revealing an increase of 20.3 per 
cent. in relation to the 9.4 million euros recorded in 2018, caused by increases observed in Staff costs (+11.2 
per cent.) and in Depreciation and amortisation (+222.3 per cent.), while General administrative expenses 
stabilised (0.3 per cent.).  
At Finibanco Angola, Operating costs increased by 23.6 per cent. in 2019 compared to the value recorded 
in 2018, while at Banco MG Cabo Verde they fell by 17.2 per cent., reflecting the evolution of the business 
and the features of the corresponding markets. At Finibanco Angola the increase observed in Operating 
costs in 2019 was caused by the increases recorded in Staff costs (+11.4 per cent.), General administrative 
expenses (+3.9 per cent.) and Depreciation and amortisation (+224.4 per cent.) in comparison to 2018. At 
Banco MG Cabo Verde the year-on-year reduction in Operating costs in 2019 was caused by the decreases

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
recorded in the components of General administrative expenses (-24.8 per cent.) and Depreciation and 
amortisation (-4.2 per cent.), notwithstanding the increase recorded in Staff costs (+7.2 per cent.).  
As a result of this evolution, the cost-to-income ratio of the international activity in 2019 stood at 44.1 per 
cent., compared to 34.9 per cent. recorded in 2018.  
In 2019 the net income of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached 9.8 million euros 
(8.3 million euros in 2018), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange rate effects, with 
positive results in Angola and Cape Verde (9.7 million euros and 0.1 million euros respectively). 
 
Key indicators 
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators for 2018 and 2019. 
  
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
Change 
19/18 
  
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS (million euros) 
  
Total assets 
18 351 
18 332 17 740 
(3.2%) 
Gross loans and advances to customers (1) 
13 068 
13 068 12 239 
(6.3%) 
Deposits from customers 
12 575 
12 575 12 525 
(0.4%) 
Consolidated net profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the 
shareholder 
13 
14 
22 
59.6% 
  
SOLVENCY (a) 
 
 
  
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  
13.5% 
13.3% 
12.4% 
(0.9 
percentage 
points) 
Tier 1 ratio  
13.5% 
13.3% 
12.4% 
(0.9 
percentage 
points) 
Total Capital ratio  
14.1% 
13.9% 
13.9% 
0.0 
percentage 
points 
Leverage ratio 
7.8% 
7.6% 
7.0% 
(0.6 
percentage 
points) 
Risk weighted assets (million euros) 
10 759 
10 731 10 299 
(4.0%) 
  
 
LIQUIDITY RATIOS 
 
 
  
 
Loans and advances to customers  / Deposits from customers (b) 
96.4% 
96.2% 
91.5% 
(4.7 
percentage 
points) 
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customers' 
resources (c) 
88.7% 
88.5% 
82.4% 
(6.1 
percentage 
points) 
  
 
CREDIT QUALITY 
 
 
  
 
Cost of credit risk 
0.5% 
0.5% 
1.0% 
0.5 
percentage 
points 
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days 
7.0% 
7.0% 
5.6% 
(1.4 
percentage 
points) 
Coverage of past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 
days by Impairment for credit risks 
103.4% 
106.4% 113.2% 
6.8 
percentage 
points

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (d) / Gross loans and advances to 
customer       
14.4% 
14.4% 
12.2% 
(2.2 
percentage 
points) 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (d) by Impairment for 
credit risks 
50.3% 
51.7% 
52.1% 
0.4 
percentage 
points 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (d)  by Impairment for 
credit risks      and associated collaterals and financial guarantees  
86.2% 
87.7% 
87.2% 
(0.5 
percentage 
points) 
Forborne exposures (d) / Gross      loans and advances to customers 
7.2% 
7.2% 
7.1% 
(0.1 
percentage 
points) 
 
 
  
 
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
 
 
  
 
Total operating income / Average total assets (b) 
2.0% 
2.0% 
2.3% 
0.3 
percentage 
points 
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (b) 
0.3% 
0.3% 
0.2% 
(0.1 
percentage 
points) 
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (b) 
3.5% 
3.6% 
2.9% 
(0.7 
percentage 
points) 
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) (b) 
68.8% 
68.8% 
59.2% 
(9.6 
percentage 
points) 
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts (e) 
69.3% 
69.3% 
69.5% 
0.2 
percentage 
points 
Staff costs / Total operating income (b) 
41.3% 
41.3% 
36.7% 
(4.6 
percentage 
points) 
  
 
EMPLOYEES AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK (Number) 
 
 
  
 
Employees 
 
 
  
 
Group Banco Montepio total 
3 944 
3 944 
3 962 
18 
Banco Montepio 
3 566 
3 566 
3 563 
(3) 
Branches 
 
 
  
0 
Domestic network - Banco Montepio 
324 
324 
332 
8 
Of which: Proximity Branches 
- 
- 
7 
- 
Of which: BEM Business Centres 
- 
- 
2 
- 
International Network 
24 
24 
24 
0 
Finibanco Angola (f) 
24 
24 
24 
0 
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio 
5 
5 
5 
0 
  
  
  
  
  
(a) Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios reflect adhesion to the special regime of deferred tax 
assets. 
 
(b) Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version. 
 
(c) Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Customers' deposits and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with the Financial Statements annexed 
to this report. 
(d) EBA definition. 
 
(e) Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results. (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and other operating income). 
(f) Includes corporate centres. 
 
(1) Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk 
 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2019, the Banco Montepio Group had a total of 3,962 employees (compared to 3,944 
as at December 2018), 89.9 per cent. of which were employees of Banco Montepio (3,562). Banco Montepio

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Group's staff recorded an increase of 0.5 per cent. in relation to the same period of 2018, to a large extent 
explained by the stimulation of the activity of some subsidiaries.  
Lending Policies and Procedures 
Credit risk is associated with the uncertainty of expected returns due to the inability of both the lessee (and 
his guarantor, if any), or the issuer of a security or counterparty to comply with its obligations. 
The credit risk management process is based on the existence of a robust process of credit analysis and 
decision-making, prepared on a set of tools supporting the credit decision process. The quantification of 
credit risk is also supported in the model for calculating impairment losses. 
The fundamental principle of credit risk analysis is independence towards business decisions. In this 
analysis instruments are used and rules defined according to the materiality of the exposures, familiarity 
with the types of risk involved (e.g. the modeling capacity of such risks) and the liquidity of the instruments. 
Credit risk models play a significant role in the credit decision process. The credit decision process depends 
on a group of policies based on scoring models developed for individual and business customers and the 
rating for the corporate sector. 
Regarding the analysis methodologies, within the credit risk, the credit risk techniques and models are based 
on econometric modeling, based on the institution's experience in granting various types of credit facilities 
and, where possible, recovery.  
Credit decisions are dependent upon risk ratings and compliance with various rules governing financial 
capacity and applicants' behavior.  
There are scoring models for credit to individual credit portfolios, namely to mortgage loans, individual 
loans and credit cards. 
Individual Entrepreneurs (Empresários em nome individual - ENI) and Micro businesses are considered 
part of the retail segment, and therefore scoring models specific to the retail segment are applied. 
There are also behavioral scoring models for retail portfolios, which are used to monitor the credit portfolio 
and to evaluate new credit proposals, and these are coupled with application scoring information, where 
applicable.  
Regarding non-retail credit portfolios, internal rating models are used for small, medium and large 
companies, distinguished by business sectors, such as the third sector, or by seniority of the company's 
activity, namely start-up companies. 
Regardless of the typology of the applicable model, any proposal, contract or credit customer is classified 
into a single risk scale class, in ascending order of probability of default, and this scale composed of 19 
classes, of which the first 15 classes correspond to performing risk classes, classes 16 to 18 to credit 
incidents and class 19 to non-compliance, in accordance with the applicable internal definition, which 
follows the regulators’ prudential requirements. 
It is possible to exceed the response of scoring systems, internal ratings and internal price lists, only by 
higher decision levels, in accordance with principles of delegation of responsibilities set out. Rejection 
situations are defined in order to minimise the risk of adverse selection, however there is always a risk class 
for rejection.  
Intervention limits are also defined for the different decisions, by amount of operation and global customer 
exposure, type of operation / collateral and assigned risk class. In this context, the principle that higher 
hierarchical positions have to approve operations with higher exposures is highlighted. These limits are 
approved by the Board of Directors, and the highest decision scale corresponds to the Board of Directors. 
At intermediate stages, it is compulsory to intervene in a collegial system of at least two players, one 
belonging to the commercial network and the other to the Department of Credit Analysis (independent body 
of the commercial structure) as well as the Risk Department, which is responsible for the development of

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
credit risk models (scoring and rating), and for the monitoring of Banco Montepio’s risk control, on a global 
basis. 
Risk analysis involves regular internal reporting on key types of risk. Within credit risk, monthly internal 
reports are prepared, with the main risk indicators of credit portfolios and metrics on the use of rating / 
scoring models. In terms of preventive monitoring, an alert system for early warning signs is in place for 
the main indicators of credit risk tightening.  
Credit Recovery Policy 
The total amount of recovery of loans and interest of loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 
2019 amounted to €7,785 thousand (31 December 2018: €11,164 thousand). In addition, as at 31 December 
2019 the loan and advances to customers’ portfolio includes loans that, towards the financial difficulties of 
the customer, initial conditions of the contract were amended in the amount of €868,739 thousand (31 
December 2018: €949,942 thousand) which have an impairment of €365,280 thousand (31 December 2018: 
€386,285 thousand).  
Banco Montepio has adopted forbearance measures and practices, according to its credit risk, in order to 
adjust the disposable income or the financial capacity of its customers to its debt service. On this basis, the 
recommendations contained within Decree-Law no. 227/2012 (that establishes the rules that banks and other 
financial institutions must comply with in order to manage and prevent cases of credit default, as well as to 
negotiate new settlements plans with the defaulted clients) and in the ancillary legislations such as, SIREVE 
– System for the recovery of companies by extrajudicial way (Decree-Law no. 178/2012), RERE – the 
extrajudicial business recovery scheme (Law no. 8/2018) and PER – the special revitalization process (Law 
no. 16/2012), which were adopted and widely disclosed on the Issuer’s website, in internal rules and 
communications disclosed to and implemented when customers show evidence of financial difficulties. 
Regarding the forbearance measures and in accordance with the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227 
of 9 January 2015, contractual changes were considered (lack of capital, extension of the final date, deferral 
of capital, etc.) and consolidation of debts in another contract, with conditions adjusted to the customer's 
current situation. 
The restructuring operations that were performed during 2019 and 2018 were positive and allowed to 
mitigate the effect of the economic and financial crisis and within a situation in which is observed some 
economic recovery signs, adapting the debt service to the disposable income of customers. 
Additionally, the loans portfolio includes contracts that resulted in a formal restructuring with the customers 
and the consequent establishment of a new funding to replace the previous. The restructuring may result in 
a reinforcement of guarantees and / or liquidation of part of the credit and involve an extension of maturities 
or a different interest rate.  
Restructured loans are subject to an impairment analysis resulting from the revaluation of expectations to 
meet the new cash flows inherent to the new contractual conditions, discounted at the original effective 
interest rate and considering the new collaterals. 
As at 31 December 2019, in respect of restructured loans not yet due, the impairment associated with these 
operations amounts to €58,584 thousand (31 December 2018: €26,889 thousand).  
Banco Montepio uses physical and financial collaterals as instruments for mitigating credit risk. The 
physical collaterals correspond mainly to mortgages on residential properties in the course of the mortgage 
and other types of mortgages on properties in other types of loans. To reflect their market value, these effects 
are reviewed regularly based on evaluations conducted by certified independent testing organisations or 
through the use of revaluation coefficients that reflect the trend in the market for the type of property and 
the geographical area. The financial collaterals are re-evaluated based on market values of the relevant 
assets, when available, and certain coefficients applied depreciation to reflect its volatility. Most of the 
physical collaterals are revaluated at least once a year. 
The following table shows total NPEs (as per EBA definition) and total impairment charges for the year 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
2018 
2018 
restated 
2019 
Total NPEs (€ million) 
 1 879  
1 879 
1 488 
(as percentage of Gross loans and advances 
to customers) 
14.4% 
14.4% 
12.2% 
Impairment for credit risk (€ million) 
 945  
972 
775 
(as percentage of total NPEs) 
50.3% 
51.7% 
52.1% 
 
Financial Risk Management 
The most important financial risks to which the Issuer is potentially exposed are liquidity risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk. 
In common with many similar credit institutions which finance housing loans, the Issuer’s loan assets are 
relatively illiquid whilst its funding is based on retail deposits, most of which are either legally available on 
demand or are of a short term nature (although in practice such deposits usually remain with the Issuer for 
extended periods). 
Liquidity risk is assessed using regulatory indicators defined by the supervisory authorities and other 
internal measurements for which exposure limits are also defined. This control is reinforced by the execution 
of stress tests, aimed at characterising Banco Montepio's risk profile and assure that the Banco Montepio 
Group meets its obligations in the event of a liquidity crisis. 
The objective of controlling the liquidity levels is to maintain a satisfactory level of liquid assets so as to 
meet financial needs in the short, medium and long term. Liquidity risk is monitored daily, with various 
reports being prepared for control and monitoring purposes and to support decision-making within the 
Capital, Asset and Liability Committee (CCAP). Under the control of risk levels, limits are defined for 
various liquidity risk indicators, which are monitored through weekly and monthly reports. 
The evolution of the liquidity situation is monitored, in particular, based on estimated future cash flow 
projections for various time horizons, considering Banco Montepio’s balance sheet. The liquidity position 
of the day under review and the amount of assets that are considered highly liquid in the uncompromised 
securities portfolio are added to these projections so as to determine the accumulated liquidity gap for 
various time horizons. Moreover, the liquidity positions are also monitored from a prudential perspective, 
calculated according to the rules required by Banco de Portugal (Instruction number 13/2009 of 15 
September), as well as the level of compliance of the liquidity prudential indicators, Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR), Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and Additional Liquidity Monitoring Metrics (ALMM), 
and internal ratios such as, for example, loan-to-deposits ratios, concentration of funding sources, short term 
funding and eligible assets.  
The table below sets out the liquidity gaps in December 2019: 
  
LIQUIDITY POSITION GAPS IN DECEMBER 2019 
  
  
(€ million) 
Position reference date + forecast 
amount 
Maturity periods 
On sight and 
up to 1 week 
Above 1 
week and up 
to 1 month 
Above 1 
month and 
up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months and 
up to 6 
months 
Above 6 
months and 
up to 12 
months 
Accumulated mismatches 
3 580 
3 571 
3 551 
3 525 
3 474

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
The LCR ratio reached 179.9 per cent. at the end of December 2019, above the minimum requirement of 
100 per cent. 
Concerning the exchange rate risk of the banking book, in general, the funds raised in various currencies 
are invested in assets in the respective money market for maturity periods that are not higher than those of 
the resources. Therefore, the existing foreign exchange gaps essentially derive from possible mismatches 
between the maturity periods of the assets and liabilities. The current foreign exchange exposure of the 
Banco Montepio Group in consolidated terms is essentially the result of structural positions derived from 
the conversion of the balances of the subsidiaries (such as Finibanco Angola) in their main currencies, 
namely the Kwanza, Brazilian Real and American Dollar. Banco Montepio's stake in BTM was sold at the 
end of December 2018, leading to deconsolidation. 
Limits of exposure have been defined for the exchange rate risk of the banking book, which are monitored 
by the management bodies and CCAP, where any overrunning of the established limits follows an 
established circuit, including approval by the management body or the implementation of measures to cover 
this risk. 
The limits defined for exchange rate risk include limits of position by currency, in consolidated and 
individual terms, as well as in terms of VaR, and are also disaggregated in terms of the trading book and 
banking book. 
The interest rate risk caused by operations of the banking portfolio is assessed through risk sensitivity 
analysis, on an individual and consolidated basis for the subsidiaries included in the Banco Montepio 
Group's consolidated balance sheet. 
Interest rate risk is appraised in accordance with the impacts on net interest income, net worth and own 
funds caused by variations in market interest rates. The main risk factors arise from the mismatch between 
the interest rate revision periods and/or residual maturity between assets and liabilities (repricing risk), from 
non-parallel variations in interest rate curves (yield curve risk), from the nonexistence of perfect correlation 
between different indexers with the same repricing period (basis risk), and from the options associated to 
instruments which enable divergent action of agents depending on the level of rates that are contracted and 
applied at any given time (option risk). 
Following the recommendations of Basel and Banco de Portugal Instruction number 34/2018 of 15 June, 
the Banco Montepio Group calculates its exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, at least quarterly, based 
on the methodology of the Bank of International Settlements (BIS), classifying all the headings of the assets, 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items which do not belong to the trading book, by repricing brackets. 
In this context, limits are defined for exposure to interest rate risk factors which are monitored by CCAP, 
where any overrunning of the established limits, even if temporary, requires the approval of the management 
body or the implementation of measures to cover the exposure. 
At the same time, a stress test is conducted with six shock scenarios in the interest rate curve. This test 
measures impacts on net interest income at one year and on net worth of the shocks in the interest rate curve 
prescribed in the BIS document of April 2016, Standards – Interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Based on the financial features of each contract, the respective expected cash flow projection is made, 
according to the rate repricing dates and any pertinent performance assumptions that are considered.  
The table below presents a summary of the exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, classifying all the 
headings of the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items, which do not belong to the trading book, by 
repricing brackets: 
INTEREST RATE REPRICING GAPS IN DECEMBER 2019 
  
  
(€ million) 
  
Residual maturities of repricing

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Up to 
three 
months 
Three to six 
months 
Six months 
to one year 
One to five 
years 
Over five 
years 
Assets 
7 509 
3 014 
1 345 
1 935 
871 
Off balance sheet 
5 
0 
7 
763 
0 
Total assets 
7 513 
3 014 
1 351 
2 698 
871 
Liabilities 
3 170 
1 935 
2 432 
3 590 
53 
Off balance sheet 
753 
0 
0 
0 
1 
Total liabilities 
3 923 
1 935 
2 432 
3 590 
55 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) in Dec 2019 
3 590 
1 079 
(1 080) 
(892) 
816 
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) in Dec 2018 
5 210 
1 306 
(1 211) 
(3 179) 
907 
 
The following tables present the interest rates gaps, from a consolidated perspective, for 2019 and 2018: 
(€ thousand) 
  
    
    
    
    
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 6 months 
6 months to 1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 31 December 2019 
  
    
    
      
  
  
Assets 
  
 386 404    
 175 868    
 360 588    
1 137 944    
 775 881  
Debt securities 
  
7 085 768    
2 837 778    
 984 203    
 797 045    
 66 209  
Loans and advances 
  
-    
-    
-    
-    
-  
Other  
  
 4 758    
-    
 6 672    
 763 307    
-  
Off-balance sheet 
  
    
-    
    
    
-  
  
  
    
    
    
    
  
Total 
  
7 513 376    
3 013 646    
1 351 463    
2 698 297    
 870 879  
  
  
    
    
    
    
  
Liabilities 
  
 9 914    
 1 455    
 57 407    
1 368 142    
 23 365  
Debt securities issued  
  
3 000 960    
1 490 544    
1 980 208    
1 515 407    
-  
Term deposits 
  
-    
-    
-    
-    
-  
Other 
  
 159 034    
 443 112    
 393 890    
 706 239    
 29 803  
Off-balance sheet 
  
 753 376    
-    
  17    
  137    
 1 388  
  
  
    
    
    
    
  
Total 
  
3 923 285    
1 935 111    
2 431 522    
3 589 926    
 54 556  
GAP (Assets - Liabilities)   
3 590 091    
1 078 535    
(1 080 059)   
(891 629)   
 816 322  
 
  
  
  
  
 31 December 2018 
 
  
  
  
  
Assets 
8 917 958    
3 022 618    
 752 899    
1 391 625    
 959 267  
Off-balance sheet 
 6 200    
 9 850    
 13 920    
 753 300    
-  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
Total 
8 924 158   
3 032 468   
 766 819   
2 144 925   
 959 267  
 
 
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
2 955 967    
1 717 108    
1 963 660    
5 323 769    
 51 245  
Off-balance sheet 
 758 300    
 9 850    
 13 920    
-    
 1 200  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
Total 
3 714 267   
1 726 958   
1 977 580   
5 323 769   
 52 445  
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) 
5 209 891   
1 305 510   
(1 210 761)  
(3 178 844)  
 906 822

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
2019 
  
2018 
December 
Annual 
average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
December 
Annual 
average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interest rate Gap  
3 513 259    
3 314 547    
3 513 259    
3 032 618  
3 032 618    
1 657 634    
3 032 618    
(1 033 527) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Sensitivity to the balance sheet interest rate risk is calculated by the difference between the present value of 
the interest rate mismatch discounted at market interest rates and the discounted value of the same cash 
flows, simulating parallel shifts of the market interest rate curve. 
As at 31 December 2019, based on the interest rate gaps observed, an instantaneous and parallel positive 
variation in the interest rates by 100 bp would cause a decrease in the economic value expected from the 
banking portfolio of circa Euro 31,581 thousand (31 December 2018: decrease of Euro 18,966 thousand). 
The concept of market risk reflects the potential loss that could be recorded by a given portfolio as a result 
of changes in rates (interest and exchange) and/or in the prices of the different financial instruments 
comprising the portfolio, considering both the correlations that exist between them and their volatility. 
Value-at-Risk (VaR) is one of the key metrics used to measure and monitor market risk. The Banco 
Montepio Group calculates the VaR on a daily basis, both for its trading book and for the portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. VaR is also calculated on a time horizon 
of 10 business days and at a 99 per cent. significance level, by the historical simulation method. The types 
of risk considered in this methodology are interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, price risk, spread risk and 
commodities risk.  
With respect to market risk information and analysis, there is regular reporting on Banco Montepio's own 
portfolios and those of other entities of the Banco Montepio Group, with various risk limits being defined, 
including overall limits of VaR, by Issuer, by type/class of asset and stop loss and loss trigger limits for 
positions held for trading and in other comprehensive income. 
In the reports produced, the various exposure limits are controlled, analysed the risks of concentration, 
credit, interest rate and asset price variation, among others. These analyses consider the analysis of 
scenarios, namely the sensitivities of the securities portfolio to variations of interest rates, spreads, adverse 
exchange rate evolution and variation of the market prices of shares and real estate properties.  
In the field of market risk, in addition to the risk report of Banco Montepio’s overall portfolio, specific risk 
reports are also produced for the trading book and the proprietary portfolios of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. 
In order to ensure more effective risk management, the positions in portfolio are disaggregated into a 
portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio of other financial 
assets at amortised cost, portfolio of financial assets not necessarily held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss, and portfolios of assets held for trading (which exclude hedge coverages and fair value 
option), with risk limits being defined according to the type of portfolio. The thresholds applicable to the 
portfolios are defined in internal regulations, updated on an annual basis or other, whenever justified by 
alterations to market risk levels. Stop loss and loss trigger thresholds are also defined, applicable to the 
portfolios. Whenever any of these thresholds are reached, the re-examination of the strategy intrinsic to this 
position is compulsory.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
The Group's investment portfolio is mainly concentrated on bonds, and as at 31 December 2019 this 
represented 83.8 per cent. (31 December 2018: 72.5 per cent.) of the total portfolio, with the dominant 
position being held by bonds of sovereign issuers, essentially Portugal, Spain and Italy. 
With regard to credit derivatives, Banco Montepio held no position in these instruments as at 31 December 
2019 and 2018. 
Regarding the credit quality of debt securities, circa 84.2 per cent. of the portfolio is investment grade (31 
December 2018: 90.2 per cent.). Of note are the Portuguese and Italian sovereign bonds with a rating of 
BBB- and that represent 66.8 per cent. of the portfolio. Concerning the composition of the portfolio, one 
verifies an increase in the exposure to sovereign debt, of note being the Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and 
Greek debt (for the latter essentially treasury bills). 
A summary of the VaR indicators in December 2018 and 2019 is presented below: 
 
VaR INDICATORS (1) 
  
Dec-19 
Dec-18 
Banking Book 
Trading Portfolio 
Banking Book 
Trading Portfolio 
Market VaR (1) (2) (3) 
0.58% 
1.93% 
0.90% 
0.17% 
Interest Rate Risk 
0.63% 
1.32% 
0.41% 
0.17% 
Exchange Rate Risk 
0.01% 
1.12% 
0.15% 
0.00% 
Price Risk 
0.01% 
0.74% 
0.29% 
0.00% 
Credit risk (spread) 
0.58% 
0.63% 
1.74% 
0.00% 
Commodity Risk 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
(1) - 10-day time horizon and significance level of 99%; As a % of total portfolio assets; Includes the portfolios of BM and BEM. 
(2) Includes diversification effect. 
 
 
 
 
(3) - Excludes positions of Finibanco Angola. 
  
 
 
 
 
Moreover, analyses are also conducted of scenarios and stress (based on past extreme events) for the trading 
book to complement the analysis of all the other risk indicators. 
Competition 
The Issuer is the seventh largest bank in Portugal in terms of net assets as at 31 December 2019 (source: 
Boletim Estatístico da Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). Despite competition in the market, Banco 
Montepio has been able to sustain its position in the market and to preserve its market share in banking 
activity. Banco Montepio’s overall market share (deposits and loans) was 5.7 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019 (source: Banco de Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (Resident Activity)). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2019, the Issuer had a market share of 6.3 per cent. in housing credit and 
6.4 per cent. in loans to SMEs and corporations (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary 
Statistics (Resident Activity)). As at 31 December 2019, Banco Montepio’s market share in total deposits 
stood at 5.8 per cent., reaching 6.0 per cent. in the household deposits segment, including emigrants (source: 
Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary Statistics (Resident Activity)). 
The Issuer considers that its primary competitive advantage is its superior customer service, as a result of 
being majority owned by a mutual beneficial association, its product offering including private pension 
schemes provided by MGAM and its reputation as a stable financial institution.  
Technology

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and innovative 
services to its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese market. 
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, 
current accounts processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and 
credit cards, saving accounts and inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day of 
the week, without unavailability related to Batch Processing.  
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: “Core System” and “Distributed Systems”. The 
Core System corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux 
platforms where most departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud 
solution based in VMWARE and HYPER-V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation and 
virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, which in turn increased operational efficiency, reduced production 
time and infrastructure-related efforts and costs. 
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access 
to new applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of “Load Balancers 
NetScalar” and application virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery 
speed and quality of applications for an end user. The product helps business customers perform tasks such 
as traffic optimisation, load balancing, and web application acceleration while maintaining data security. It 
also performs several kinds of caching and compression. The benefits of application virtualisation include 
ease of maintenance and greater portability, making programs easier to deploy across several versions of 
Windows. Another one of the benefits of application virtualisation is that applications that depend on custom 
drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes deploying upgrades and patches easier. 
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, 
Skype for Business, Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune. 
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS 
solution empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning 
marketing and sales activities for its customers.  
These services integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer in 
what regards to user and application accessibility management. 
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated on a 
continuous basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology. 
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-
cluster Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection 
mechanisms, geographic balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are present 
in its own infrastructure with multi-user interconnections to assure that all national and international 
communications and their contents are served in Lisbon or Porto, providing protection against failures in the 
event of interruptions in local or regional networks, power outages or natural disasters. 
Recently Banco Montepio has launched the Security Operations Center (“SOC”) service. The SOC is the 
24x7 single point of contact for monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised team with 
specialised skills (“CERT”). Its mission is to ensure continuous monitoring and improve the security level 
of the organisation while preventing, detecting, analysing and responding to cyber security incidents, backed 
by processes and technologies. 
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local 
market, such as: 
• Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX Omnichannel 
platform, including several native Apps for iOS, Android and Windows 8 (Surface and PC), 
providing customers with a wide range of transactions, including enquiries, deposits, transfer orders 
and bill payments and on-line brokerage services. To increase security, new features were added to 
the omnichannel platform, implementing Strong Customer Authentication.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
• A contact centre (Phone24) has been established, which provides phone, fax, e-mail and chat 
capabilities for its customers. 
• An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24). Banco Montepio was the first bank to provide 
ATM services in Portugal in 1984. At present their last generation ATM with a Web based 
Application and cash-Recycling technology, provides a broad range of products and services which 
are all touch screen only and voice enabled, such as: bill payment, cash and check deposits and 
passbook automatic page turn. 
• A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform, providing 
the migration from a Client-Server architecture to a Web Based Application running in Virtual 
machines. The new solution allows the integration of information from a diversity of sources like: 
CRM, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows, Intranet and others. 
• Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting financial 
processes dematerialisation was implemented, replacing traditional processes based and supported 
in paper, in line with best technical and security standards, with the objective of enhancing Banco 
Montepio’s image of innovation and digital transformation, improve customer experience and reduce 
operating costs and operational risk. This new solution started to be adopted for supporting processes 
originated in branch networks and will be gradually spread to other areas / processes. 
• An Enterprise Data Warehouse (“EDW”) which supports all needs related with Business Intelligence 
trends considering financial services. This infrastructure keeps increasing, on a regular basis, in order 
to cater for the needs arising from the development of new business lines and to meet business 
subjects areas like risk, profitability, pricing, Regulatory Reporting, Auditing, Marketing. 
• The former “CRM” is, currently, being developed to a Marketing Automation level comprising a 
new Analytic CRM platform interacting with an upgraded Operational CRM application among full 
integration with a revised 360º Customer Vision (value added with new commercial relevant 
information) and integration with Product Catalog and other distribution channels for a total 
Customer relation awareness. 
• A credit scoring application is in operation providing a useful tool for assessing risks related to 
housing loans, consumer credit and credit cards. 
• Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to improve trade management, support of complex 
derivatives, options and structured trades support, improve straight through processing. With Finastra 
Kondor+ Banco Montepio was able to implement a complete front-to-back solution with strong 
support for risk management and centralised administration and control. Recent developments are 
improving the global front-to-back solution with the integration of two new tools provided by 
Bloomberg: TOMS (Trade Order Management Solutions) and MARS (Multi-Asset Risk System). 
• A “Time Deposit Workflow” is in operation allowing the integrated management of spread 
authorisation in time deposits. 
• A “Workflow” system allowing for the integrated management of credit process has been 
implemented. 
• An “Enterprise Document Management System” has been implemented supporting different 
business process such as: inter-bank circulation of cheque images, members’ and customers’ 
signatures and daily branch movement. 
• In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System (“Northland”) has been 
implemented as well as a Filtering System (“Fircosoft”) for “funds transfer” operations and for 
clients. 
• A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
This project aimed to respond to new Banco de Portugal credit risk reporting requirements (“CRC 5 
G”), aligned with new European Union Central Bank reporting legislation (“AnaCredit”). The 
solution implemented in the development of the project included the construction of a new centralised 
credit risk information database in the business intelligence architecture, which can be used later on 
to answer to different information requirements in this domain. The project also included the 
development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with Banco de Portugal, which 
included the implementation of the appropriated functionalities and controls to support the 
management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention. 
• Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation 
This project included an extended review of the IT applications and tools that support credit recovery, 
addressing the following key-objectives and enhancements: To adjust credit IT applications and tools 
to the new organisational and operational credit recovery model in place; To improve credit IT 
applications and tools suitability to the requirements of the credit recovery department; To develop a 
new credit recovery Portal to support credit recovery department relationship with external law 
offices that provide services, which provides a broad range of functionalities to enable a proper 
management and control of the processes. 
The following are the Issuer's projects concluded in 2019 or in an advance stage of development:  
• A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in the bank's APP M24, which incorporates 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; 
• A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow; 
• A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels; 
• The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures 
compliance with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2); 
• Opening of account and credit online for individuals; 
• New app updates to appeal to younger customers offering ways to interact with the bank; 
• System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) system in every customer interaction with the bank. 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In November 2016, Banco Montepio was notified by Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
relating to alleged violations of certain AML procedures (administrative proceeding (processo de 
contraordenação) no. 84/14/CO). These proceedings relate to events that occurred prior to 12 August 2016 
and concern alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties pertaining to the implementation 
of required mechanisms allowing for: (a) the identification and the knowledge of the ownership and control 
of corporate entities; (b) information on the origin of funds; (c) information updates relating to banking 
entities; (d) extension to affiliates of measures equivalent to those foreseen in Law no. 25/2008; (e) system 
parameters for high risk operations; and (f) the provision of information reports to the Procuradoria Geral da 
República of operations potentially related to AML. Banco Montepio presented its defence in January 2017. 
In January 2020, a decision was issued by the Banco de Portugal that determined that Banco Montepio had 
committed 16 administrative offenses, instead of the 142 administrative offenses that were originally alleged. 
The Banco de Portugal issued a single fine of €400,000. Banco Montepio challenged the decision issued by 
the Banco de Portugal. As at the date of this Base Prospectus Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of 
these proceedings. 
On 21 February 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of an unfavourable ruling under an administrative 
proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 102/14/CO) whereby Banco de Portugal imposed on Banco

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Montepio an administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million and an ancillary sanction consisting of the 
publication of the final ruling. No further sanctions have been imposed upon Banco Montepio. This 
administrative proceeding relates to events that occurred between 1 January 2009 and 2 September 2014 and 
concerns alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties regarding, in general terms: (a) its 
internal control system procedures, (b) the assessment and approval of intragroup credit operations, (c) the 
calculation of specific credit provisions, and (d) the implementation at Banco Montepio’s subsidiaries of 
suitable procedures to assess the origin of funds of the subscribers of the participation units representative of 
the Participation Fund of Banco Montepio. The origin of these non-compliant events has been addressed and 
Banco Montepio is now compliant with these duties. Banco Montepio judicially challenged this ruling on 22 
April 2019. On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of a favourable ruling whereby the 
Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of 
Santarém held that the first notice of indictment issued by Banco de Portugal on 7 March 2017, is null and 
void, and annulled the unfavourable ruling whereby Banco de Portugal imposed an administrative fine 
(coima) of € 2.5 million and the ancillary sanction consisting of the publication of the final ruling against 
Banco Montepio. The Court also ordered the annulment of all notifications issued and referred the case back 
to Banco de Portugal so that a new valid decision may be issued. Banco de Portugal and the state prosecutor 
(Ministério Público) both challenged this ruling of annulment. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco 
Montepio cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.  
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the 
administrative process PRC-2012/9 (“Decision”), in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other 
Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial 
information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million. The decision is 
being appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other Portuguese banks) to the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court. By appealing this Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be suspended until a final 
decision is made. Based on all the relevant circumstances, the management considers there is a likelihood 
that the administrative fine (coima) will not become effective following the legal remedies that come to be 
lodged against the Decision. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio is not aware of any 
claim for damages related to the Decision or to the related facts.  
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
(processo de contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning 
accounting standards and internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. The fines in relation to 
those alleged violations range from €3,000 (lowest minimum limit) to €5,000,000 (highest maximum limit), 
which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio intends 
to defend itself against these allegations.  
In March 2020, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
(administrative proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 39/17/CO) relating to eleven alleged 
violations of the rules for the calculation of its own funds and for providing periodic information occurring 
during 2013, 2014 and 2016. The fines in relation to those alleged violations range between €3,000 (lowest 
minimum limit) and €5,000,000 (highest maximum limit), which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding 
twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio intends to defend itself against these allegations. 
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period 
covering at least the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a 
significant effect on Banco Montepio’s financial position or profitability. 
Outlook under COVID-19 
Banco Montepio has operational risk management instruments, including a Business Continuity Plan. The 
plan was activated to ensure the best safety conditions for all employees, customers and suppliers in order to 
ensure the continuity of financial services and the maintenance of banking operations with as much normality

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
and fluidity as possible. A set of risk mitigating measures have been implemented in order to ensure normal 
business operation. 
Recent Developments 
Cancellation of Covered Bonds: 
On 5 November 2019, Banco Montepio announced that, on that date, the covered bond issue “CEMG/2015 
- EUR 500 M Floating R. Covered Bonds - DEC 2020 - ser. 5”, registered with the Central de Valores 
Mobiliários under the code CMGROE (ISIN PTCMGROE0021), was surrendered for cancellation, according 
to a decision of Banco Montepio as the issuer of such covered bonds. 
Issue of Covered Bonds: 
On 7 November 2019, Banco Montepio announced it has issued covered bonds in the amount of €500 million, 
with a tenor of 5 years, a fixed annual interest rate of 0.125 per cent. and an issue price of 99.568 per cent., 
reflecting a spread of 40 basis points over the 5-year mid-swap rate.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER CORPORATE AND GOVERNING BODIES OF THE 
ISSUER 
 
Following the implementation of the 2013 Articles of Association, the Issuer’s governance structure 
comprises management and supervisory bodies separate from those of MGAM. Nonetheless, as the Issuer is 
an entity majority owned by MGAM, there exists a core of shared strategic principles.  
In the General Meeting held on 30 April 2015 and continued on 27 May 2015, a partial amendment of the 
Issuer’s by-laws was approved. The amended by-laws were ratified by the General Meeting of MGAM held 
on 25 June 2015. 
One of the key amendments to the Issuer’s by-laws was to how members of the different governing bodies 
were elected. Pursuant to the amended by-laws, as approved in the said General Meeting of MGAM held on 
25 June 2015, all governing bodies began to be elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer (i.e. members of 
the Board of Directors of MGAM are no longer statutorily members of the General and Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer). 
One other relevant amendment was the inclusion of new governing bodies, as foreseen in the RGICSF: (i) a 
Remuneration Committee; (ii) an Evaluation Committee; and (iii) a Risk Committee. The members of these 
new governing bodies were also elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer. 
On 22 July 2015 an Issuer’s Extraordinary General Meeting was convened to elect, inter alia, the members 
of its Executive Board of Directors and General and Supervisory Board for the term 2015/2018. This 
Extraordinary General Meeting took place on 5 August 2015. 
Following the approval of the Savings Banks Act, which entered into force on 10 October 2015, and the 
resolution of the Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act, an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened on 22 November 2016, to discuss Banco Montepio's 
transformation into a public limited liability company and consequently amending its Articles of Association. 
The transformation into a public limited liability company was further discussed in an Extraordinary General 
Meeting of the Issuer held on 4 April 2017, in accordance with number 2 of article 6 of the Savings Banks 
Act. This adopted resolutions that needed to be ratified by resolution of the General Meeting of MGAM, 
which held an extraordinary session on 9 May 2017, in accordance with Article 6 (4.g) of the Decree-Law 
No. 190/2015, Articles 32 and 33 of the Banco Montepio’s by-laws and Article 25 (g) of the MGAM’s by-
laws.  
It should also be noted that the effectiveness of the resolutions taken at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on 4 April 2017, regarding Banco Montepio’s transformation into a public limited liability company, 
only occurred after Banco Montepio’s commercial registration, which took place on 14 September 2017.  
On 14 September 2017, the deed was executed, converting Banco Montepio into a public limited liability 
company, and changing its legal name to Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.  
Banco Montepio’s corporate governance, after its transformation into a public limited liability company and 
as provided in article 6 of the new by-laws, maintained the General Meeting, the General and Supervisory 
Board, the Executive Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditor as the governing bodies of Banco 
Montepio, but the Remuneration Committee, the Evaluation Committee and the Risks Committee became 
Corporate Bodies of Banco Montepio. Two new corporate bodies (the Financial Matters Commission and the 
Secretary of Banco Montepio) were also added. 
Pursuant to the resolutions taken in the General Meeting of the Issuer, the members of the Executive Board 
of Directors and the General and Supervisory Board maintained their terms in the statutory bodies after the 
transformation of the Issuer into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima). 
Banco Montepio’s corporate governance was a two-tier model, which included an Executive Board of 
Directors, a General and Supervisory Board and a Statutory Auditor. Pursuant to the Issuer's corporate

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
governance, the General and Supervisory Board was the body responsible for the supervision, monitoring 
and counselling of the Issuer's activity. 
Meanwhile the Issuer has implemented an important change in its corporate governance and, since 16 March 
2018, it has operated, a one-tier corporate structure with a Board of Directors, including an Audit Committee 
and an external independent auditor. 
Pursuant to the corporate governance model adopted by the Issuer – the one-tier Anglo-Saxon model – and 
following the approval in the General Meeting held on 16 March 2018, the new corporate bodies were elected 
and the new Articles of Association were approved. The new corporate bodies and the respective members 
were approved by the Banco de Portugal on 4 April 2018. 
The Articles of Association were further amended on 30 October 2018 (currently in force), according to 
which the Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of twelve and maximum of nineteen members, 
including a non-executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General 
Meeting of Shareholders, and, in addition to its legal duties, shall undertake the Issuer’s management 
pursuant to article 13 of the Articles of Association. The Board of Directors shall delegate the day-to-day 
management of the Issuer to an Executive Committee, defining its membership, operating rules and the limits 
of its power, and shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, who shall not be the Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors. 
Some of the non-executive members of the board that also form the audit committee have supervisory powers 
(i.e. they are prevented from exercising executive tasks) and are responsible for overseeing the management 
of the Issuer. 
The auditor is essentially responsible for examining the books, accounts and financial statements of the Issuer 
and verifying the adequacy of the adopted accounting policies and standards. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the new Articles of Association in force, Banco Montepio’s Governing Bodies 
are: 
a) The General Meeting of Shareholders; 
b) The Board of Directors, which includes an Audit Committee; and 
c) The Statutory Auditor. 
The General Meeting Board, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Statutory Auditor, shall be 
elected pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Association. The term of office shall be four years and 
members may be re-elected. 
The members of the governing bodies are elected at an Extraordinary General Meeting, in accordance with 
Article 9 and Article 11 of the new by-laws. 
The elected governing bodies took office on 21 March 2018 and Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva carried out 
the duties of Chief Executive Officer and, temporarily, Chairperson of the Board of Directors under the terms 
authorised by the Banco de Portugal. 
The Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer and the relevant members for the mandates 2015-March 
2018 and March 2018-2021 are set out below. 
Mandate 2015 – March 2018 
Executive Board of Directors  
Following the approval by the Banco de Portugal, the Executive Board of Directors elected in the 
extraordinary General Meeting held on 5 August 2015, started their functions on 7 August 2015. The 
following were the members of the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer until and including 20 March 
2018:

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Name  
Other positions 
José Manuel Félix Morgado 
Chairperson 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Banco Terra, S.A. 
João Carlos Martins da Cunha Neves 
Board Member 
Member of the Board of Montepio 
Holding SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Banco MG Cabo Verde, S.A., Soc. 
Unipessoal, S.A 
Luís Gabriel Moreira Maia Almeida 
Board Member 
No other positions 
Fernando Ferreira Santo 
Board Member 
Member of the Board of Montepio 
Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, ACE 
João Belard da Fonseca Lopes Raimundo 
Board Member 
Chairman of SIBS, SGPS, S.A. and 
SIBS FPS – Forward Payment 
Solutions, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Jorge Manuel Viana de Azevedo Pinto Bravo 
Board Member 
No other positions 
Luís Miguel Resende de Jesus 
Board Member 
Member of the Board of Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
 
General Meeting Board 
The Issuer’s General Meeting Board for the period from and including 7 August 2015 to and including 20 
March 2018 was made up of one Chairperson and two Secretaries, elected in the General Meeting of the 
Issuer held on 5 August 2015, as follows: 
Name 
Other positions 
Vitor José Melícias Lopes(1) 
Chairperson 
No other positions 
Manuel Duarte Cardoso Martins 
First Secretary 
No other positions 
António Dias Sequeira(2) 
Second Secretary 
No other positions 
(1) Resigned on 31 December 2015 and succeeded by the First Secretary, Manuel Duarte Cardoso Martins, who was in turn replaced by Maria 
Leonor Loureiro Gonçalves de Oliveira Guimarães 
(2) Resigned on 31 December 2015 and replaced by Cassiano Cunha Galvão 
 
General and Supervisory Board  
The following were the members of the Issuer’s General and Supervisory Board for the period from and 
including 7 August 2015 to and including 20 March 2018, elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer held 
on 5 August 2015.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Name 
Other positions 
Álvaro Duarte Pinto Correia 
Chairperson 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Centro Português de Fundações 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
União das Cidades Capitais de Língua 
Portuguesa 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
INAPA – Investimentos, Participações e 
Gestão, S.A. 
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 
of Pharol, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Remuneration Committee 
of EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
José Carlos Correia Mota de Andrade 
(*) 
Member 
No other positions 
António Fernando Menezes Rodrigues 
Member 
No other positions 
José António Arez Romão 
Member 
No other positions 
Manuel Costa Duarte Ramos Lopes (**) 
Member 
No other positions 
Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
Member 
No other positions 
Francisco José Fonseca da Silva 
Member 
No other positions 
Acácio Jaime Liberato Mota Piloto 
Member 
No other positions 
Luís Eduardo H. Guimarães 
Member 
No other positions 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor (***) 
Member 
Eugénio Óscar Garcia Rosa 
Member 
External Consultant of CGTP-IN 
External Consultant of Federação Nacional 
dos Sindicatos da Administração Pública 
 
(*) Elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer held on 6 July 2016 and subject to Banco de Portugal approval, replacing Fernando Lopes 
Ribeiro Mendes that resigned following his election as member of the Board of Directors of MGAM 
(**) Elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer held on 6 July 2016 and subject to Banco de Portugal approval, replacing Virgílio Manuel 
Boavista Lima that resigned following his election as member of the Board of Directors of MGAM 
(***) After 1 December 2015, replacing Luísa Maria Xavier Machado 
 
Remuneration Committee 
The following were the members of the Issuer’s Remuneration Committee, for the period from and 
including 7 August 2015 to and including 20 March 2018, elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer 
held on 5 August 2015: 
Name 
Position 
Álvaro João Duarte Pinto Correia 
Chairperson 
Fernando Lopes Ribeiro Mendes (*) 
Member 
José António Arez Romão  
Member 
Francisco José Fonseca da Silva (**) 
Member 
 (*) resigned because he was elected as a member of the Board of Directors of MGAM 
(**) elected as substitute of Fernando Lopes Ribeiro Mendes  
 
Evaluation Committee

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
The following are the members of the Issuer’s Evaluation Committee, elected in the General Meeting of 
the Issuer held on 5 August 2015: 
Name 
 
Position 
Álvaro João Duarte Pinto Correia  
 
Chairperson 
Fernando Lopes Ribeiro Mendes (*) 
 
Member 
José António Arez Romão  
 
Member 
José Carlos Correia Mota de Andrade (**) 
 
Member 
(*) resigned because he was elected as a member of the Board of Directors of MGAM 
(**) elected as substitute of Fernando Lopes Ribeiro Mendes 
 
Risk Committee 
The following were the members of the Issuer’s Risk Committee, for the period from and including 7 August 
2015 to and including 20 March 2018, elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer held on 5 August 2015: 
Name 
 
Position 
Acácio Jaime Liberato Mota Piloto  
 
Chairperson 
Virgílio Manuel Boavista Lima (*) 
 
Member 
Luís Eduardo H. Guimarães 
 
Member 
Francisco José Fonseca da Silva (**) 
 
Member 
(*) resigned because he was elected as a member of the Board of Directors of MGAM 
(**)  elected as substitute of Virgílio Manuel Boavista Lima 
 
Financial Matters Commission 
The following are the members of the Issuer’s Financial Matters Commission, for the period from and 
including 7 August 2015 to and including 20 March 2018, elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer held 
on 5 August 2015: 
 
Name 
Position 
Virgílio Manuel Boavista Lima(*) 
Chairperson 
Eugénio Óscar Garcia Rosa 
Member 
Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
Member 
Luís Eduardo H. Guimarães(**) 
Coordinator 
 
The following are the members of the Issuer’s Financial Matters Commission, elected in the General 
Meeting of the Issuer held on 5 August 2015 
 
Name 
 
Position 
Virgílio Manuel Boavista Lima(*) 
 
Chairperson 
Eugénio Óscar Garcia Rosa 
 
Member 
Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
 
Member 
Luís Eduardo H. Guimarães(**) 
 
Coordinator 
(*) ceased functions following his election as member of the General and Supervisory Board of Banco Montepio. Following his election as a

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
member of the Board of Directors of MGAM, later he resigned as a member of the General and Supervisory Board of Banco Montepio  
(**) elected as substitute of Virgílio Manuel Boavista Lima 
 
Mandate March 2018 - 2021 
Board of Directors  
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 
16 March 2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting 
until 2021. The following are the current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
Name  
 
 
 
Other positions 
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva 
 President of 
the Board of 
Directors 
(Chairman) 
 President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
Non-
executive 
member 
 No other positions 
 
No other positions 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves1 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
 No other positions 
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira2 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
 No other positions 
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves3 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
 President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Crédito, S.A. 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
 Non-executive member of the Board 
of Directors of HTA – Hotéis, 
Turismo e Animação dos Açores, 
S.A 
Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
 
Non-
executive 
member 
 No other positions 
 
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão4 
 
 
President of 
the Executive 
Committee 
(CEO) 
 No other positions 
 
Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso Mota Jorge 
Jacinto5 
 
 
 
Vice-
President of 
the Executive 
Committee 
 
  
No other positions

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares de Moura 
Costa Pina 
Executive 
member 
 
 
No other positions 
 
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus 
 
Executive 
member 
 Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors of Banco 
Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Soc. 
Unip. S.A. 
Leandro Rodrigues da Graça Silva6 
 
Executive 
member 
 No other positions 
 
Nuno Cardoso Correia da Mota Pinto 
 
Executive 
member 
 Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Crédito, S.A. 
President of the Board of Directors 
of Finibanco Angola, S.A. 
Pedro Miguel Nunes Ventaneira 
 
Executive 
member 
 Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A. 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors of Finibanco 
Angola, S.A. 
 
Notes: 
The Non-Executive Member and President of the Audit Committee, Luis Eduardo Henriques Guimarães, elected on 16th March 2018, resigned 
from its duties with effect from 30th September 2019. 
The Executive Member, Carlos Miguel Lopez Leiria Pinto, elected on 16th March 2018, resigned the mandate with effect from 31st March 2020. 
 
________ 
1Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves took up its duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors in 15th January 2019. 
2José da Cunha Nunes Pereira took up its duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors in 1st april 2020. 
3Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves took up its duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors in 23th August 2018. 
4Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão took up its duties as executive member of the Board of Directors in 6th january 2020. 
5Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso Mota Jorge Jacinto took up its duties as executive member of the Board of Directors in 9th January 2019.  
6Leandro Rodrigues da Graça Silva took up its duties as executive member of the Board of Directors in 9th November 2018.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Areas of responsibility of each executive member of the Board of Directors: 
 
Area of Responsibility 
Carlos Tavares 
President of the Board of Directors 
(Chairman) 
Corporate Office of the Board 
General Secretariat of the Society 
Office of Economic and Financial Studies 
Audit and Inspection Division 
Pedro Leitão 
President of The Executive Board 
(CEO) 
 Communication and Brand Division (institutional) 
Strategic Marketing Division 
People Management Division (1) 
Transformation and Innovation Center 
Dulce Mota 
Vice-President of The Executive 
Board 
Commercial Division (North and Centre) 
Commercial Division (South and Autonomous Regions) 
Commercial Dynamics Division 
Operational Marketing Division 
Nuno Mota Pinto 
Executive Member 
Division of Business Banking 
Commercial Division of the Social Economy and the Public 
Sector 
José Carlos Mateus 
Executive Member 
Financial and International Division 
Financial Assets Monitoring Office 
Strategy, Planning and Control Division 
Credit Analysis Division 
Pedro Ventaneira 
Executive Member 
Risk Division 
Information Management Office 
Model Validation Office 
Accounting and Financial Reporting Division 
Specialized Credit Analysis Division 
Helena Soares de Moura 
Executive Member 
People Management Division 
Legal Advice Division 
Litigation Division 
Compliance Division 
Data Protection Office 
Customer's Office and Quality 
Leandro Graça Silva 
Division of Information Systems

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Executive Member 
Division of Services and Operations 
Credit Recovery Division 
Shared Services Unit (2) 
Purchasing Center (2) 
Real Estate Area (2) 
 
(1) With accompanying delegation by Dr. Helena Soares de Moura 
(2) Shared service areas that are not part of the Banco Montepio organization chart 
 
General Meeting Board 
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held 
on 16 March 2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting 
until 2021.  
The following are the current members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer: 
 
Name 
Other positions 
António Manuel Lopes Tavares 
Chairperson 
Not applicable 
Cassiano da Cunha Calvão 
Secretary 
Not applicable 
 
Audit Committee 
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 
16 March 2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting 
until 2021. The following are the members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer: 
Name 
Other positions 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira7 
Chairperson 
No other position 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
Member 
No other positions 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
Member 
No other positions 
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira8 
Member 
No other positions 
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins 
Member 
No other positions 
 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee  
Name 
 
 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 9 
 
Chairperson 
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva 
 
Member 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Member 
 
 
7Dr. Manuel Ferreira Teixeira was appointed Chairman of the Audit Committee with effect from 1st October 2019, following the resignation of Dr. 
Luis Eduardo Henriques Guimarães, Non-Executive member, who served as Chairman of the Audit Committee until September 30, 2019 inclusive. 
8 Designated on the 1st April 2020 
9 Designated on the 22nd August 2019

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Risk Committee  
Name 
 
 
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins 10 
 
Chairperson 
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
 
Member 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Member 
 
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee 
Name 
 
 
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva 
 
Chairperson 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves 
 
Member 
Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor 
 
Member 
 
Statutory Auditor  
The following are the members of the Statutory Auditor for the period 2016-2018: 
KPMG & Associados - SROC, S.A., registered at CMVM with the number 9098, the Head Office at Edifício 
Monumental, Av. Praia da Vitória, number 71-A, 11th floor, 1069-006 Lisbon. 
In the General Meeting held on 30 December 2015, KPMG & Associados – SROC, S.A., represented by 
Ana Cristina Soares Valente Dourado (ROC nº1011) was elected for the term 2016/2018, responsible for 
the audit and certification of the annual accounts during the two 12 (twelve) month periods ended 31 
December 2017 and 31 December 2016, respectively. 
In July 2018 Ana Cristina Soares Valente Dourado (ROC no. 1011) was substituted by Hugo Jorge 
Gonçalves Cláudio (ROC no. 1597). 
The following is the Statutory Auditor for the period 2019-2021:  
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associates-SROC, S.A., registered at CMVM with the number 20161485, with 
Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented 
by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), 
and was elected for the term 2019-2021 in the General meeting held on 27 May 2019. 
According to the new articles of association, the areas of focus of each governing body and corporate body 
are as follows: 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting of Banco Montepio shall consist of shareholders who have voting rights. Each share 
shall represent one vote. Only those shareholders with voting rights may attend, speak and vote at a General 
Meeting, in person or through a representative, who at the registration date, which is equal to zero hours 
(GMT) on the fifth working day prior to the holding of the Meeting (“Registration Date”), are the owners 
of at least one share. 
The General Meeting Board shall consist of a Chair and a Secretary, elected at a General Meeting. The Chair 
is required to:  
1) 
Call the General Meeting and chair its proceedings;  
 
10 Designated on the 3rd October 2019

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
2) 
Inform the appropriate authorities, within the legal deadlines, of the outcomes of General Meeting 
decisions and the names of those elected to the Company’s Governing Bodies;  
3) 
Vest the members of the Governing Bodies, of Corporate Offices and members of Committees elected 
at a General Meeting with their respective powers;  
4) 
Consider any justifications of absence submitted; and  
5) 
Accept and deal with appeals lodged with the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the law and 
within the official deadlines. 
An ordinary General Meeting shall discuss the matters submitted to the Annual General Meeting, under 
article 376, no.1 of the Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), plus any other 
matters included on the agenda, and an extraordinary meeting shall be held whenever one is convened in 
accordance with the law and these Articles of Association.  
General Meeting decisions shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast, unless otherwise prescribed 
under the law or the Articles of Association. General Meeting decisions regarding changes to the Articles 
of Association, a merger, splits, transformation or winding-up of the Company shall only be valid if they 
are approved by a 2/3 (two-thirds) of the votes cast. 
General Meetings of Banco Montepio shall take decisions on the matters assigned them by the law and the 
Articles of Association, and it is charged with:  
1) 
Electing members of the General Meeting Board the Governing Bodies; 
2) 
Electing the Statutory Auditor, following a proposal from the Audit Committee; 
3) 
Electing, every four years, a Remuneration Committee comprised of three independent members 
empowered to set the remuneration of Governing Bodies members, pursuant to article 399, no.1 of the 
Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais);  
4) 
Discussing the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the 
proposed profit distribution; 
5) 
Conducting a general appraisal of Banco Montepio’s management and supervision, with the scope laid 
down in the law; 
6) 
Assessing the guidelines set out in the multiannual plans and updates, following a proposal from the 
Board of Directors; 
7) 
Discussing the Company’s geographical presence policy;  
8) 
Discussing the Board of Directors’ report on subsidiaries;  
9) 
Being informed, pursuant to the law, of appeals lodged. 
 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of 12 and maximum of 19 members, including a 
non-executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting.  
The Board of Directors shall act as a body and may take decisions as long as a majority of its members is 
present. It shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month. Decisions shall be taken on 
the basis of the majority of votes cast by the members present, and the Chair shall have a casting vote. 
Notwithstanding the other duties assigned by law, the Board of Directors is charged with managing the 
Issuer, in particular:  
1) 
Requesting the convening of General Meetings;

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
2) 
The annual drawing up of the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the 
year and the proposed profit distribution, to be accompanied by the Audit Committee’s opinion, to be 
submitted to the Annual General Meeting for approval;  
3) 
Approving, annually, the action program and the budget for the following year, after receiving the 
Audit Committee’s opinion;  
4) 
Discussing the purchase, sale and encumbrance of assets;  
5) 
Discussing the opening and closure of offices and any other form of representation;  
6) 
Discussing the expansion and curtailing of Banco Montepio’s business and changes to its functional 
structure; 
7) 
Setting, in general terms, the interest rates, commissions, and prices to apply to banking transactions 
and services rendered; 
8) 
Discussing the signing and termination of cooperation agreements with other institutions and Banco 
Montepio’s membership of associations; 
9) 
Discussing the issuing of bond loans and non-convertible debt instruments; 
10) Discussing the purchase, sale or encumbrance of any financial holdings in companies or groups of 
companies;  
11) Requesting admission to trading on a regulated market of securities issued by Banco Montepio; 
12) Drawing up mergers, split and transformation proposals;  
13) Setting up the committees and commissions it deems necessary to fulfil its duties, including a 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee and a Risk Committee, and appointing their 
members and chairs;  
14) Representing Banco Montepio in or out of court, and undertake to abide by arbitration;  
15) Co-opting Directors;  
16) Appointing the Company Secretary and his/her alternate;  
17) Appointing Banco Montepio’s representatives to the governing bodies of institutions in which it has 
holdings or is a member. 
The Board of Directors is charged with delegating the day-to-day management of Banco Montepio to an 
Executive Committee, as well as charging one or more directors with the handling of certain management 
matters, within the legally defined limits. 
The Board of Directors shall define the make-up, operating rules and the powers of the Executive 
Committee, and shall appoint its chair, who shall be the Board of Directors vice-chair, and it may appoint a 
vice-chair.  
In addition to the committees referred to in the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may also 
approve the setting up of committees to monitor, on a permanent basis, specific matters, and such 
committees shall be chaired by a member of the Board of Directors. 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee shall be comprised of at least 3 and a maximum of 5 members, elected at a General 
Meeting from among the non-executive members of the Board of Directors. If one is not appointed by the 
General Meeting, the Audit Committee shall nominate a Chair from among its members.  
Notwithstanding any legal requirements, the Audit Committee shall undertake a permanent assessment of 
Banco Montepio, in particular as regards its financial performance, the devising of the institution’s strategy

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
and general policies, the group’s business structure and the decisions deemed strategic due to the sums or 
risks involved and, in particular:  
1) 
Monitor Banco Montepio’s management;  
2) 
Monitor compliance with the law and the Articles of Association;  
3) 
Check the correctness of the company’s ledgers, accounting records and supporting documents;  
4) 
Check the accuracy of the accounting documents;  
5) 
Check whether the accounting policies and valuation criteria employed by Banco Montepio ensure the 
proper valuation of its assets and profits;  
6) 
Draw up an annual report on its audit work and give its opinion on the report, accounts and proposals 
submitted by the Board, as well as on the action plan and budget;  
7) 
Convene a General Meeting whenever the Chair of the General Meeting Board fails to do so;  
8) 
Monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and the internal 
audit system;  
9) 
Receive notices of irregularities sent by Banco Montepio shareholders, employees or others;  
10) Monitor the preparation and disclosure of financial information;  
11) Propose to the General Meeting the appointment of a particular Statutory Auditor;  
12) Monitor the auditing of Banco Montepio’s financial statements;  
13) Monitor the independence of the Statutory Auditor, particularly in regard to the provision of additional 
services. 
 
The Audit Committee Chair shall convene and preside over meetings of the Audit Committee, and shall 
have a casting vote.  
The Audit Committee shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month, and whenever 
convened by its Chair, on his/her own initiative or at the request of any of its members or of the Chair of 
the Board of Directors.  
Whenever it deems it necessary, the Audit Committee shall summon to its working sessions any persons 
belonging to the Banco Montepio structure, as well as the external auditors.  
Members of the Audit Committee shall take part in meetings of the Executive Committee whenever the 
accounts for the year are appraised.  
The Audit Committee shall keep a written record of all checks, audits and complaints received and action 
taken, and the respective outcomes. 
 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee 
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be comprised of three members, 
including a Chair appointed by the Board of Directors from among its nonexecutive members or from 
among the members of the Audit Committee, and a majority of them, including the Chair, shall have the 
status of independent.  
Members of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be duly qualified to discuss 
the subjects they deal with, and at least one member shall have knowledge and experience of remuneration 
policy matters.  
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall perform the legal duties relating to 
remuneration policy in keeping with the law.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall also state its opinion as to the suitability 
of the proposed supplementary retirement pension, for old age or disability, schemes for directors, to be 
approved by way of specific regulations at a General Meeting, pursuant to article 402 of the Commercial 
Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais).  
At least one member of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be present at 
General Meetings that discuss matters falling within its mandate.  
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee shall consist of three members, including a Chair, appointed by the Board of Directors 
from among its non-executive members or from among Audit Committee members, who possess the 
knowledge, skills and experience required by law. A majority of Risk Committee members, including the 
Chair, shall have the status of independent.  
The Risk Committee is charged with performing the duties set out in the law and, in particular:  
1) 
Advising the Board of Directors as to Banco Montepio’s risk appetite and its general, current and future 
risk strategy;  
2) 
Assisting the Board of Directors in its supervision of the implementation of Banco Montepio’s risk 
strategy;  
3) 
Analysing the terms and conditions of Banco Montepio’s products and services and providing the 
Board of Directors with a correction plan whenever its analysis shows that the terms and conditions do 
not adequately reflect the risk.;  
4) 
Examining whether the incentives defined in Banco Montepio’s remuneration policy take into 
consideration risk, capital, liquidity and expectations as to results.  
The Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee 
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee shall be comprised of three members, 
including a Chair appointed by the Board of Directors from among its non-executive members or from 
among the members of the Audit Committee, and shall possess the knowledge, experience, skills, 
understanding and personal qualities for the proper performance of their duties. 
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee is responsible, among others, to support 
the Board of Directors in promoting a healthy governance culture within Banco Montepio and its 
subsidiaries; propose the adoption of a corporate governance code or the adoption of appropriate governance 
guidelines; support the Board of Directors in particular by reviewing existing documents and proposing 
amendments; analyze corporate governance and propose changes that improve the decision-making process 
and improve the performance of the inherent functions; analyze the typology of committees and propose 
changes that will improve the efficiency of corporate governance; oversee the preparation of the Annual 
Corporate Governance Report; issue an opinion on the Conflict of Interest Policy, Code of Conduct and 
other documents that define ethical principles for doing business, when requested by the Board of Directors, 
or taking the initiative to review existing documents and propose amendments; assess mechanisms for 
monitoring compliance with sustainability policy, with particular attention to the impact on the social 
economy. 
This Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings. 
The Statutory Auditor 
The Statutory Auditor, elected at a General Meeting, following a proposal from the Audit Committee, shall 
possess the skills required by law, namely by the Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Comerciais). The Statutory Auditor shall attend General Meetings at which the accounts are appraised and 
whenever his presence is requested. 
Conflicts of Interest 
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective 
boards, none of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other principal activities as listed above. 
Business Addresses 
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members 
listed above is Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL, CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A. AND 
ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH MGAM 
 
The information set out below in relation to MGAM is set out for information only. MGAM is not 
responsible for payments on the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which are the sole 
responsibility of Banco Montepio. 
Banco Montepio is a savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under the 
supervision of Banco de Portugal. It has separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is MGAM, 
with 99.99 per cent. shareholding. MGAM has no responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio’s debts. 
MGAM has not guaranteed the Notes. 
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM with a view to paying MGAM 
its annual net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco Montepio’s Articles of Association) so 
as to enable MGAM to meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit association (associação mutualista).  
MGAM is a “private institution of social support” (i.e. a instituição particular de solidariedade social of 
the mutual benefits association type) whose principal goals are to promote and develop initiatives designed 
to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries nominated 
by them. MGAM is not permitted to carry out banking or trading activities. It is limited to its principal 
social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish subsidiaries and can invest its funds in a number of 
ways. It is subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As at 31 December 2019, the total number 
of MGAM’s permanent members was 601,784. The welfare schemes which MGAM offers include 
pensions and other retirement benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of 
housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of 
collective schemes. 
MGAM’s main source of funds is membership revenues. Those funds are invested in property and a 
number of different types of securities and equity participations, particularly financial institutions 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio). It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of 
organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation of members’ social functions, 
publication of a members’ magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding 
of prizes and scholarships. 
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio’s share capital or otherwise to support 
Banco Montepio.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
THE PORTUGUESE MORTGAGE MARKET 
 
The economic conditions, particularly the decrease in the inflation rate, the related easing of the level of 
the interest rates and the process of integrating the Portuguese economy into the European Monetary Union, 
witnessed during the second half of 1990s, have stimulated an improvement in the living conditions of the 
Portuguese Population. These factors, together with the lack of residential dwellings and the negligible 
rental market, have determined the development of the Portuguese mortgage market. 
Until 1992, due to legal restrictions, residential mortgage lending was concentrated in only three institutions 
– the state owned Caixa Geral de Depósitos and Crédito Predial Português (state owned at that time and 
now integrated in Santander Totta) and the privately owned Caixa Económica Montepio Geral (the Issuer). 
The deregulation and liberalisation of the banking activity created the conditions to the progressive entry 
of all the banking institutions into the mortgage business, taking advantage of the increased demand for 
residential mortgage loans as a result of the aforesaid factors. In particular, it is worth noting the impressive 
decrease in interest rates (Euribor 3M), from a level of 11.7 per cent., in 1993, to -0.523 per cent. as of 30 
October 2020 (historical minimum), being negative since April 2015. 
In 1993, there were 21 different significant operators (institutions) in the Portuguese mortgage market. 
From 2000, as a result of a succession of mergers and acquisitions, the banking sector has become 
increasingly concentrated, with the Portuguese residential mortgage market largely dominated by the six 
largest lenders: Caixa Geral de Depósitos (which still retains market leadership), Millennium BCP, Novo 
Banco (Ex-Banco Espírito Santo), Santander Totta (controlled by the Spanish BSCH group), Banco 
Português de Investimento and Caixa Económica Montepio Geral (the Issuer). 
As a result of these developments, competition in the residential mortgage market has significantly 
increased. This is reflected in the strong investment in aggressive advertising campaigns made by the largest 
lenders to attract new customers and provide them with long-term loans, drawing on recent improvements 
in the efficiency, speed and quality of the service and technological innovation, which have all had an 
important impact on the developments witnessed in the residential mortgage market. 
Until 2002, the mortgage market grew at a double-digit pace per year, but in 2003, the economic downturn 
caused a slowdown in the mortgage market. During the period 2003-2006, the mortgage business regained 
its momentum, though this pace did not last long. In fact, since 2006, the mortgage market began a 
slowdown movement, with growth levels decelerating from 15.6 per cent. to a decrease of -3.9 per cent., as 
of December 2015, but having since then shows a recovery trend, presenting a growth rate of -3.2 per cent. 
in December 2016, -1.4 per cent. in December 2017, -0.2 per cent. in December 2018 and December 2019 
and +0.9 per cent. in August 2020, representing one of the few positive growths since 2011 (the first positive 
growth since 2011 was observed in October 2018, with +0.3 per cent., but, more recently, mortgage market 
has been showing growth since February 2020). It should be noted that the economic recession into which 
the country plunged in the first two quarters of the year, caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, has not yet been 
reflected in a more significant way in the credit dynamics due to the credit moratorium adopted in Portugal. 
This previous deceleration has been intensified by the economic and financial crisis and because of the 
deleveraging process required under the “Memorandum of Understating” between Portugal and the 
IMF/ECB/EC signed in May 2011, together with more stringent underwriting criteria imposed by banks. 
The deleverage process of the mortgage market had created a downward trend that led to default, decline 
in the housing prices, the consequent deterioration in the asset prices, the reduction in the money lent by 
banks, ending up in a severe recession. There are evidences of a heterogeneous performance between the 
real estate residential market and the real estate commercial within the Euro Area. Portugal in the European 
context reveals opportunities for its real estate residential market, which may have already found its trough 
and is now recovering. As far as the price per square meter is concerned Portugal has a value that is 
significant below the European average. Urban rehabilitation is by far one of the major opportunities in the 
real estate residential market, which could be used to improve the economic activity in the construction 
business, boost employment and enhancing the economic recovery. The rehabilitation market has a

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
characteristic that distinguishes from other sectors, which is the investment multiplication factor that is 
associated with it. The sector is characterized by its abundance in labour force, attracting productive 
investment which leads to a greater competitiveness of the economy in the long run. Note that the real estate 
investment in the Urban Rehabilitation Area of Lisbon reached 5.2 billion euros in 2019, recording a 12 
per cent. decrease compared to 2018, but this slowdown was predictable considering the historical peak 
reached in 2018, of around 6 billion euros, and the fact that this volume consolidates two years of annual 
growth above 30 per cent.  
 
Loans Growth Rate 
 
Source: Bank of Portugal Statistics 
 
 
Since 2002 there has been a downward trend in the residential market, with a continued reduction in the 
number of completed houses, a trend that began to be reversed in 2016, when there was a slight increase 
in built houses. 
 
Completed Houses 
-16
-12
-8
-4
0
4
8
12
16
20
24
28
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
ago-20
(%)
Total
Housing Loans
Company Loans

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
Source: INE (National Statistics Institute), Statistical Yearbook, Statistics on Construction Works Completed 
 
 
The recent increase in new housing construction, from 2016 to 2019, can be explained by the following 
factors: (i) the recovery of the Portuguese economy since 2013; (ii) the surge in the number of families 
and their changing structure; (iii) the increase of secondary housing and residential tourism, mainly for 
foreign residents; (iv) the demand for refurbishment and renovation works; (v) the gradual development 
of the rental market; (vi) an increase in the investors’ risk appetite; and (vii) the decrease of the offer to 
upper classes on the housing market. 
However, it should be noted that, despite the recovery that was underway in the construction sector and in 
the residential real estate market in particular, it will be seriously affected this year. In fact, 2020 will be a 
very difficult year for the real estate and construction sectors (despite the construction sector, unlike the 
industry and services sectors, did not contract activity, as measured by the gross value added, in the first 
two quarters of 2020), which will be penalized by the impacts of the Covid-19, as well as the economy as 
a whole, which went into recession in the first quarter of 2020 and intensified this recession in the second 
quarter (despite having, as expected, returned to growth in the third quarter, in line with what happened 
across Europe). 
 
Mortgage Rates / Mortgage Growth 
 
 
74.3
76.1
68.8
67.5
59.3
47.9
35.4
26.3
19.6
12.6
8.2
7.0
7.7
7.9
11.4
14.2
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(#  Thousand)
-1%
1%
3%
5%
7%
9%
11%
13%
0
20 000
40 000
60 000
80 000
100 000
120 000
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
ago-2020
Total volume
Lisbor 3M until 2000, Euribor 3M after 2000 (right scale)
€m

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Source: Bank of Portugal Statistics; Thomson Reuters. 
 
Before the crisis caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, the outlook was for a continued market recovery of 
the credit market, particularly in mortgage loans. A recovery that was reflecting a combination of several 
factors: i) the monetary policy measures adopted by the ECB with a direct impact on the availability banks 
liquidity and also in terms of reduction in yields of Portuguese debt, which make the credit to the real 
economy more appealing compared to the purchase of public debt; ii) the successive signs of economic 
activity recovery, impacting in the expected reduction of non-performing loans; iii) the fact that the 
banking system needs to grow in new loans, to increase operational profitability, which is conditioned by 
the low profitability of the existing mortgage loans stock that have excessively low spreads against Euribor; 
iv) the fact that the banking system has already made in previous years the most of the deleveraging 
process. However, this recovery that has been observed in the credit market will now also be interrupted 
by the economic crisis that will mark the year 2020, which, in any case, should be overcome next year. 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage / Households disposable income 
 
 
Source: Bank of Portugal Statistics; INE (National Statistics Institute). 
 
Portuguese real estate asset prices rose during the period 1995 to 2001, as a consequence of the shift from 
a high to a low interest rate environment and to an extraordinary high level of housing demand. Still, after 
2001, property prices showed modest growths until 2007, with an annual average growth rate of 1.2 per 
cent. in the period 2002-2007, followed by a period of falling prices between 2008 and 2013, with an 
annual average growth rate of -2.7 per cent.. The house prices are exhibiting a path of recovering since the 
end of 2013, with a growth rate of 3.1 per cent. in 2015 and with a strong acceleration in 2016 for a growth 
rate of 7.1 per cent., in 2017 for an annual growth rate of 9.2 per cent. and in 2018 for an annual growth 
rate of 10.3 per cent., the highest since 1992 (+11.2 per cent.), and 9.6 per cent. in 2019. In the second 
quarter of 2020, the house prices showed an annual growth of 7.8 per cent., which represents a slowdown 
(+10.7 per cent in first quarter; + 8.9 per cent. in the fourth quarter of 2019). 
 
90 000
100 000
110 000
120 000
130 000
140 000
150 000
160 000
170 000
0
20 000
40 000
60 000
80 000
100 000
120 000
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
ago-2020
Mortgage (total volume)
Households adjusted disposable income, gross (right scale)
€m

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
House Price Index vs. Inflation in Portugal since 1995 
 
 
Source: CPI (INE - National Statistics Institute); HPI: Confidencial Imobiliário (until 2009, after that INE HPI); 
 
 
From 2010 until 2012, the demand for houses declined, as a consequence of the economic crisis and of the 
adoption of more stringent underwriting criteria by banks, which caused a decrease in the Portuguese house 
price index growth rate since mid 2011. In fact, house prices (INE data), decreased 4.9 per cent. in 2011, 
7.1 per cent. in 2012 and 1.9 per cent. in 2013. In the same year, consumer price index (CPI) inflation was 
3.7 per cent., 2.8 per cent., and 0.3 per cent, respectively. In 2014, CPI inflation recorded a negative value 
(-0.3 per cent) given to the lower economic activity and the significant decline in the energy prices, and 
just accelerated to 0.5 per cent. in 2015, 0.6 per cent. in 2016, 1.4 per cent. in 2017, 1.0 per cent. in 2018 
and 0.3 per cent. in 2019, but houses prices have increased 4.3 per cent. in 2014, 3.1 per cent. in 2015, 7.1 
per cent in 2016, 9.2 per cent. in 2017, 10.3 per cent. in 2018 and 9.6 per cent. in 2019.  
In the Banco de Portugal (“BdP”) Financial Stability Report of June 2020, the BdP continued to state that 
the analysis of the residential real estate market and, in particular, the cyclical position of housing prices, 
is essential given its importance for financial stability. In this sense, BdP argued that the price 
developments in the real estate market in Portugal have reflected the strong dynamics of tourism and direct 
investment by non-residents, presenting greater sensitivity of the market to the performance of these 
agents. The BdP said that the crisis arising from the Covid-19 pandemic, in particular its effects on tourism-
related activities, might adversely affect price developments in real estate. As BdP mentioned in previous 
issues of the Financial Stability Report, the residential real estate market showed signs of overvaluation in 
aggregate terms since 2018. During 2019, this segment continued to be buoyant, albeit with some 
moderation in price developments. Transactions decelerated in year-on-year terms in 2019, both in number 
and amount of sales of family dwellings across the various regions, with emphasis on the fall in the number 
of transactions in the northern regions (including the metropolitan area of Porto) and the Algarve and on 
the virtually nil change in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. These developments were accompanied by 
higher growth in building permits compared to dwellings completed, which could result in an increase in 
the supply of new housing, putting downward pressure on residential real estate prices.  
The BdP stressed that the current context, marked by the reduction in economic activity and the impact on 
labour market conditions and household income, as well as the deterioration in consumer confidence and 
the uncertainty underlying the progress of the health and economic crisis, may intensify these latest 
developments, contributing to a price correction in this segment. In fact, BdP said that the worldwide 
slower economic recovery is likely to result in lower external tourism flows, a factor which has largely 
been behind the hike in residential real estate market prices over the past few years. The public and private 
moratorium regimes applied to housing loans, to the extent that they prevent defaults and the ensuing 
foreclosures, should minimise, in the short run, impacts on this market. 
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
(%)
CPI - Consumer Price Index
HPI - House Price Index

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
The BdP also highlighted in the Financial Stability Report of June 2020 that the effects of this evolution 
on the banking system will tend to be mitigated by some factors. Over the past few years, residential real 
estate market developments have not been accompanied by a substantial recovery in the stock of housing 
loans, with the share of transactions financed with domestic credit stabilising at a much lower level than 
that seen prior to the crisis. Additionally, for the new credit operations with households carried out in 2019, 
the share of loans associated with borrowers with a lower (better) risk profile is higher than that observed 
for the stock of loans at the time of the conclusion of the agreements. With regard to housing loans, there 
was also an improvement in the risk profile of borrowers since the entry into force of the macroprudential 
Recommendation on new credit agreements for consumers in July 2018, considering the combination of 
the debt-service-to-income (DSTI) and loan-to-value (LTV) ratios. In July 2018 the share of new credit 
granted to higher-risk borrowers reached 35 per cent., declining to 4 per cent. in December 2019. 
Additionally, 90 per cent. of the value of the households' loan portfolio for house purchase showed an LTV 
of 82 per cent. or less. According to BdP, these factors are expected to make the banking system more 
resilient to potential effects of negative shocks on the value of collateral associated with loans backed by 
real estate. 
Regarding to the commercial real estate market, the BdP also mentioned that in 2019 the market prices 
slowed down significantly, with the growth rate declining from 3 percentage points to 1.9 per cent.. 
Nevertheless, since this segment of the real estate market presents greater sensitivity to economic activity 
compared to the residential segment, the current macroeconomic context may also put negative pressure 
on prices. However, the maintenance of the low interest rate environment and high yields against other 
assets could be a mitigating factor on these pressures. In addition, there may be more persistent negative 
impacts associated with the pandemic crisis, such as lower demand by non-residents and office buildings 
due to widespread remote work in services.  
However, as already mentioned, 2020 will also be a difficult year for the residential real estate market, 
which will naturally be penalized by the impacts of the Covid-19. 
Still regarding Covid-19, it should be noted that the Portuguese government has approved (at the end of 
March) a six-month moratorium on bank loan repayments for families and companies affected by the 
coronavirus outbreak (being, in June 2020, the term of the moratoriums extended until 31 March 2021 and, 
in September, extended until 30 September 2021). The BdP has relaxed some aspects of its macro 
prudential measures for consumer credit. In addition, BdP has announced a series of measures directed to 
less significant banks under its supervision, in line with the initiatives undertaken by the ECB and the 
EBA. These include the possibility to temporarily operate below selected capital and liquidity 
requirements; a recommendation to restrict dividend distributions; extension of deadlines of some 
reporting obligations; and rescheduling of on-site inspections and the stress test exercise. 
Influencing in particular the housing credit market, refer to the moratoriums on credit for the purchase of 
permanent housing and on the rents paid for permanent housing. The moratorium on credit for permanent 
own housing allows individuals who have been placed on reduction of the normal working period or on 
suspension of the employment contract due to a business crisis, as well as workers eligible for 
extraordinary support to reduce activity economic activity of the self-employed person, may suspend the 
payment of the benefits associated with the credit for permanent own housing, provided that they have not 
been in default in relation to these credits for more than 90 days. In the event that there is no default, the 
moratorium also applies to unemployed individuals registered in employment centres. With regard to rent 
charges, the exceptional regime for arrears in the payment of rent provides that rent payments for the main 
house may be suspended if the household has had a reduction in income of at least 20 per cent. and that, 
for this reason, the income will represent more than 35 per cent. of the value of the household's income.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR 
Portugal is a founding member of the Economic and Monetary European Union and adopted the single 
European currency, the euro, on 1 January 1999. To be part of such an important project and to become a 
Euro-zone member, Portugal had to implement convergence policies and a steady process of deregulation 
and liberalisation of the financial sector, which has resulted in important structural and operational changes 
in banking regulations in order to bring them into line with European Commission (“EC”) legislative 
practice. 
Regulations governing financial institutions have undergone a series of amendments since 1992. In particular, 
the RGICSF, establishes the conditions for the access to the activity of credit institutions and financial 
companies. It largely reflects the European Union Directives in this field, and covers the following aspects: 
authorisation and registration procedures; assessment of the suitability of qualifying shareholders; assessment 
of the suitability and professional qualifications of the members of the management and auditing boards; 
rules of conduct and relationship with clients; cooperation with other authorities; rules and prudential limits, 
including on capital buffer requirements; supervisory procedures; corrective measures, interim management 
and resolution; deposit guarantee; penalty framework. 
The RGICSF introduced a comprehensive regulatory framework into Portugal in line with EC directives, which 
adopted the “universal bank” model and included several regulatory measures such as: the prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (Basel III); the strengthening of the “fit and proper 
evaluation” for members of corporate bodies and other relevant officials; the establishment of prudential and 
supervisory rules; the regulation for foreign banks operating in Portugal and Portuguese banks operating 
abroad; the restrictions in the social bodies’ remuneration policy. 
The increasingly competitive environment gave rise to a number of acquisitions amongst Portuguese banks 
and the establishment of larger financial groups in Portugal, more cross-selling initiatives, and increased 
focus on the expansion of the market for personal loans, mortgages and credit cards in Portugal, more frequent 
advertising campaigns and competitive pricing strategies. 
On 30 July 2014, Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (“BES”) announced losses largely above the foreseeable values 
in the light of information disclosed by BES and its external auditor. The results disclosed on 30 July 2014 
reflected the practice of management acts seriously detrimental to the interests of BES and the violation of 
determinations of Banco de Portugal that prohibited an increase in the exposure to other entities of the Grupo 
Espírito Santo.  
Against this background, problems arose regarding the continuity of BES activity. Considering the 
importance of BES in the Portuguese banking system and in the financing to the economy, these problems 
endangered the stability of the national payment and financial systems, which prompted an imperative and 
very urgent intervention by Banco de Portugal.  
The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (“BES”) 
The Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal decided on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to 
BES. The general activity and assets of BES were transferred, immediately and definitively, to a bridge bank, 
Novo Banco, S.A. (“Novo Banco”), which was specifically set up for this purpose with management 
appointed by Banco de Portugal, which was duly capitalised and held no problem assets. Deposits have been 
fully preserved, as well as all unsubordinated bonds. 
The contents of the contractual relationship with the customers remained unchanged. The branches of Novo 
Banco continued to operate as usual and the BES’ employees became Novo Banco’s employees, their rights 
being safeguarded. 
With the application of a resolution measure to BES a separation was made between: 
• 
problem assets, which in essence corresponded to liabilities of other entities of the Grupo Espírito 
Santo and to shareholdings of Banco Espírito Santo Angola, S.A. whose losses were borne by the 
shareholders and subordinated creditors of BES; and

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
• 
the remaining assets and liabilities, which were integrated in Novo Banco, a duly capitalised bank, and 
ensured full continuity of the institution’s activity, with no impact on its customers, collaborators or 
suppliers. 
In line with the EC regulatory framework, the capitalisation of Novo Banco was ensured by the Resolution 
Fund, supported by the financial sector, and the losses related to problem assets were borne by shareholders 
and subordinated creditors of BES.  Novo Banco is subject to Banco de Portugal’s supervision and is obliged 
to comply with all legal and regulatory rules applicable to Portuguese banks. 
The equity capital of Novo Banco, to the amount of €4.9 billion, was fully underwritten by the Resolution 
Fund. The Resolution Fund’s sources of funding are the contributions paid by its member institutions and the 
proceeds from the levy over the banking sector, which, according to applicable regulations, are collected 
without jeopardising the solvency ratios. 
As the Resolution Fund started its operations in 2012 and did not have sufficient financial resources available 
to finance the resolution measure applied to BES, the Resolution Fund took out a loan from the Portuguese 
State in an amount of €3.9 billion and a loan from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund in an 
amount of €700 million, both to be paid until December 2046. 
On 29 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal approved a number of decisions that 
completed the resolution measure applied to BES. Based on evidence that the economic and financial 
situation of Novo Banco had been negatively affected since the date of its setting-up by additional losses 
which were related to events predating the resolution date, Banco de Portugal decided to transfer the liability 
for certain non-subordinated bonds issued by the latter, and offered to institutional investors, back to BES. 
The nominal amount of the bonds retransferred to BES totalled €1,941 million and corresponded to a balance-
sheet amount of €1,985 million. These bonds were originally issued by BES and were specifically placed 
with qualified investors, with a minimum denomination of €100,000. 
The original resolution decision expressly provided that Banco de Portugal, as the Resolution Authority, in 
use of its powers, could at any time re-transfer assets and liabilities between BES and Novo Banco. In 
accordance with Banco de Portugal, this measure was necessary to ensure that, as stipulated in the resolution 
regime, the losses of BES were absorbed by this institution’s shareholders and creditors and not by the 
resolution fund or the taxpayers, protecting all depositors of Novo Banco, the creditors for services provided 
and other categories of unsecured creditors.  
In addition to the measure mentioned above, Banco de Portugal made a final adjustment to the perimeter of 
the assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novo Banco, 
namely including (i) clarification that no liabilities have been transferred to Novo Banco that were contingent 
or unknown on the date the resolution measure was applied to BES; (ii) retransfer to BES of the shareholding 
in BES Finance, which was necessary to ensure full compliance with and application of the resolution 
measure as regards the non-transfer to Novo Banco of subordinated debt instruments issued by BES; (iii) 
clarification that it was the Resolution Fund’s responsibility, upon the fulfilment of certain conditions, to 
make neutral for Novo Banco – through an appropriate measure – potential negative effects of future 
decisions, resulting from the resolution process and giving rise to liabilities or contingencies.  
These decisions were the final and definitive adjustment of the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance-
sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novo Banco, which was deemed definitively fixed. 
As a consequence, Banco de Portugal asked the European Central Bank to withdraw the authorisation of 
BES, starting the judicial liquidation proceedings. 
These developments, as well as the agreement with the European Commission on the commitments to be 
applied to Novo Banco, removed uncertainties and made a positive contribution to the relaunch of the sale 
process of the Resolution Fund’s participation in the share capital of Novo Banco in January 2016. 
On 20 February 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that it had selected Lone Star for the final stage of 
exclusive negotiations with a view to agreeing the final terms and conditions for the sale of Novo Banco.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Banco de Portugal then conducted the second sale process of Novo Banco after the application of the 
resolution measure to BES in August 2014. On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that a share 
purchase and subscription agreement relating to the share capital of Novo Banco was entered into between 
the Resolution Fund and Lone Star Fund, which was pending the completion of the compliance with several 
conditions precedent.  
The sale process of Novo Banco was concluded on 18 October 2017 with an injection by the new shareholder 
(investment funds managed by North-American group Lone Star) of €750 million and €250 million, carried 
out in October and December, respectively. The conclusion of this operation brought to a close a complex 
negotiation process with the new shareholder, European institutions and other domestic institutions, in close 
cooperation with the Portuguese Government. 
Since 18 October 2017 Novo Banco is held by Lone Star and the Resolution Fund, which hold 75 per cent. 
and 25 per cent. of the share capital, respectively. Novo Banco ceased to be a transition bank and started to 
operate on a normal basis, although it is still subject to certain measures imposed by the European competition 
authority restricting its activity. 
Prior to the sale, Novo Banco undertook a Liability Management Exercise (“LME”) on 36 bond series with 
a book value of circa €3 billion. The operation was successful, having achieved the purchase and redemption 
of bonds representing 73 per cent. of their book value. 
In line with the conditions agreed in the sale process of Novo Banco, a Contingent Capital Agreement 
(“CCA”) was set up, which will be managed by the Resolution Fund that retained a 25 per cent. stake in the 
capital of Novo Banco. 
Under this agreement, Novo Banco can be compensated up to a limit of €3.89 billion for losses that may be 
recognised in some of its problematic assets, in case its capital ratios decrease below a predefined threshold. 
On 28 March 2018, Novo Banco announced the results for the year 2017, which resulted in the activation of 
the contingent capitalisation mechanism provided for in the agreements entered into in connection with the 
sale of Novo Banco. 
The amount to be paid by the Resolution Fund under the CCA shall be the lowest amount resulting from the 
comparison between the accumulated value of the losses on the assets that make up the CCA and the value 
of the insufficiency of capital of Novo Banco compared to the agreed levels. 
The Resolution Fund payments are settled after the legal certification of Novo Banco’s accounts and after a 
verification procedure to be carried out by an independent entity, to confirm that the amount payable by the 
Resolution Fund has been correctly determined. 
The Resolution Fund made a payment of about €792 million in 2018, €1,149 million in 2019 and €1,035 
million in May 2020. 
To this end, the Resolution Fund used its own resources (resulting from contributions due, directly and 
indirectly, by the banking sector) and also resorted to a loan from the State, amounting to €850 million in 
2019 and 2020 (€450 million in 2018), which corresponds to the annual maximum amount agreed between 
the Resolution Fund and the State in October 2017. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Resolution Fund has already paid to Novo Banco 77 per cent. of 
the CCA amount in the first 3 years of the 8 years foreseen for the term of the CCA. 
To date, the Resolution Fund has disbursed a total of €7,876 million for financial support to the resolution 
measure applied to BES, of which €4,900 million corresponding to the Novo Banco’s capital subscription in 
August 2014, €792 million, €1,149 million and €1,035 million to the 2018, 2019 and 2020 payments under 
the CCA. 
The resolution measure applied to Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. (“Banif”) 
In January 2013 Banif was recapitalised by the Portuguese State in the amount of €1,100 million (€700 
million under the form of special shares and €400 million in hybrid instruments). The recapitalisation plan

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
also included a capital increase by private investors in the amount of €450 million, which was concluded in 
June 2014. Since then, Banif reimbursed the State with €275 million of hybrid instruments, but was not able 
to reimburse the €125 million tranche that matured in December 2014. 
The public recapitalisation had been approved by the European Commission (DG-COMP), with final 
approval being subject to the presentation of a Restructuring Plan for Banif. Between April 2013 and October 
2014, Banif submitted to DG-COMP several versions of the Restructuring Plan. However, none of the 
submitted versions was approved and on 24 July 2015, DG-COMP communicated its decision to open an in-
depth investigation process on the potential State aid to Banif. 
In the period following the recapitalisation of Banif with public funds, Banco de Portugal, as the prudential 
supervisory authority (a competence that since November 2014 has been exercised by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism) monitored the institution very closely. 
In that period, there were several deviations from the assumptions considered in Banif’s Recapitalisation 
Plan. In terms of positive deviations, there was a reduction in structure costs and, until the end of 2014, an 
improvement in the liquidity position with the diversification of funding sources and the stability of the 
depositors’ base. However, the absence of an approved restructuring plan, worsened by a less favourable 
economic environment, led to significant negative deviations of Banif’s results from the projected amounts. 
In spite of these difficulties, Banif always maintained its prudential ratios above the legal thresholds. 
In the wake of the in-depth investigation procedure opened by the European Commission on the State aid 
received by Banif, and considering the possibility that this aid could be considered illegal and therefore its 
reimbursement would be required, the shareholders and members of the Board of Directors of Banif started 
the process for the sale of the institution. 
On 19 December 2015, the Ministry of Finance informed Banco de Portugal that it had not been possible to 
sell Banif’s assets and liabilities through a voluntary sale process, since all the proposals submitted by 
potential buyers implied additional State aid. This determined that the sale would have to be made in the 
context of a resolution. 
Taking into consideration (i) the consequences of the possibility that the State aid provided to Banif could be 
declared illegal by the European Commission, which would create a very serious capital shortage; (ii) the 
position of the European bodies that the sale of Banif with recourse to State aid would only be viable in the 
context of a resolution; (iii) the impact of frustrated expectations related to the voluntary sale on Banif’s 
liquidity situation and the resulting risks for the maintenance of its regular payment flows and for meeting 
its obligations towards the customers, the national authorities have decided to sell Banif to Banco Santander 
Totta for the amount of €150 million, in the framework of a resolution tool. 
On 20 December 2015, Banco de Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which notably resulted in 
the acquisition by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. of a set of rights and obligations, that constituted assets, 
liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif, in the amount of €150 million, 
as listed in the resolution passed by Banco de Portugal in that respect. Accordingly, the overall activity of 
Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, except for the assets transferred to an asset management 
vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the context of the application by Banco de Portugal of the aforementioned 
resolution measure. This operation involved an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future 
contingencies, of which €489 million are supported by the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan 
in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State (the “2015 Portuguese State Loan”) and €1,766 million 
directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the definition of the assets, liabilities, off balance sheet items 
and assets under the management of Banif perimeter agreed by and between the Portuguese and European 
authorities and Banco Santander Totta, S.A. to be sold in this context. The current outstanding principal 
amount of the 2015 Portuguese State Loan is €353 million. 
According to this decision, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, with the 
exception of problematic assets which were transferred to an asset management vehicle. Banif maintained a 
very limited set of assets to be wound up in the future, as well as the shareholders’ positions, subordinated

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
credit and related entities. The Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking system, and thus the 
outcome of any disposals to be made by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will ultimately be borne by the 
institutions which are required to fund the Resolution Fund, including the Issuer. 
Key indicators 
The profitability of the banking system improved in 2019, although it is at a significantly lower level of that 
observed in the period prior to the global financial crisis. 
In 2019, return on assets (ROA) increased by 17 bps, compared to 2018, standing at 0.45 per cent, the highest 
value since 2008. Return on equity (ROE) increased by 1.9 pp in 2019 to 4.9 per cent (when considering 
income before tax, return on equity increased by 0.9 pp to 8 per cent.). Despite the recovery in profitability 
in recent years, its current level remains significantly lower than in the period preceding the international 
financial crisis of 2007-08. This difference is due, in part, to the considerable decrease in trading gains, as 
well as to the significant reduction in the net interest margin, associated with the current very low level of 
interest rates and the increase in delinquencies following the crisis. These factors added to the lower leverage 
of the banking sector explain the evolution of ROE. 
The operating income (net interest income added to net commissions minus operating costs) remained stable 
in 2019 (€3.7 billion; 0.95 per cent as a percentage of assets), after a significant recovery since the end of the 
Economic and Financial Assistance Programme (PAEF), reaching one of the highest levels in recent decades. 
The evolution in recent years resulted from a decrease in operating costs and, to a lesser extent, from an 
increase in commissions, which more than offset the reduction in net interest income. The contrast between 
developments in this indicator and in ROA is mainly due to the fact that the banking system has had, in recent 
years, less income in components that tend to be less stable, namely financial operations. Thus, although 
overall profitability is lower than in the past, the more structural component assumes a greater predominance, 
even when compared with a lower capacity of institutions to generate net interest margin. 
In 2019, the increase in ROA reflected mainly a reversal of provisions, a decrease in taxes paid and, to a 
lesser extent, growth in the results of financial operations and net interest income. These positive 
contributions were mitigated by an increase in impairment and, to a lesser extent, by an increase in operating 
costs and a deterioration in the other operating income. 
Net interest income increased by 2.5 per cent in 2019, due to a decrease in interest paid that was higher than 
the decrease in interest received. This growth mainly reflected an increase in assets greater than the increase 
in interest-bearing liabilities, and was mitigated by a decrease in the implicit interest rate on assets slightly 
higher than the decrease in the rate on liabilities, to 2.4 per cent and 0.6 per cent respectively. However, the 
contribution of the net interest income to profitability remained significantly lower than before the 
international financial crisis. In fact, between 2000 and 2008, the lowest figure recorded was 1.9 pp of ROA, 
still higher than the 2019 contribution by 25 bp. This difference partly reflects the lower level of interest rates 
and also the persistence of non-performing loans on institutions' balance sheets as a result of increased default 
during and following the financial and sovereign debt crises. 
In 2019, results on financial operations stood at 0.05 per cent of average assets, in contrast with a slight loss 
in the previous year. Of particular importance for these developments was the increase (of more than 180 per 
cent) in results associated with exposure to public debt and the unwinding of the base effect on the loss 
incurred in 2018 on the significant sale of non-performing assets. These positive effects have been mitigated 
by increased losses on equity instruments and liabilities represented by securities. 
Operating costs increased 2.5 per cent, contributing negatively (-0.04 pp) to the change in ROA. Despite 
these recent developments, operating costs have decreased significantly over the last decade and a half. In 
particular, after 2005, the reduction in operating costs as a percentage of average assets began, from 1.95 per 
cent to 1.46 per cent, reflecting, inter alia, the reduction in the operating structure of institutions located in 
Portugal, in terms of the number of branches and employees: a reduction of 24 per cent (-1.3 thousand 
branches) and 10 per cent. (-5.1 thousand employees), respectively, between 2005 and 2018. 
In 2019, the cost-to-income ratio decreased by 1.1 pp compared to 2018, standing at 59.2 per cent, as a result

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
of an increase in net operating income above the growth in operating costs. Despite the adjustment of the 
banks' cost structure, the cost-to-income ratio remains higher than in the period immediately before the 
international financial crisis (53.8 per cent in 2006; 54.3 per cent in 2007), reflecting the significant reduction 
in operating income that occurred in the meantime. However, when analysing a more structural definition of 
this metric, considering only the net interest income and commissions instead of the operating income, a clear 
improvement of this indicator (cost-to-core income) can be observed since 2000. 
In 2019, provisions and impairment decreased by about 16 per cent, reflecting a net reversal of provisions, 
mitigated by an increase in impairment associated with financial assets, particularly loan impairment. 
Although the 2019 figure is one of the lowest in 20 years, an increase in impairment is expected in the coming 
years as a result of the sharp deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. Loan impairment increased, leading 
to an increase in the cost of credit risk by 0.1 pp compared to 2018, to 0.52 per cent, despite the growth in 
the customer loan portfolio. 
In 2019, the NPL ratio maintained the downward trend observed in recent years, standing at 6.1 per cent at 
the end of the year, representing a reduction of 3.3 pp compared to December 2018, and 11.8 pp compared 
to June 2016 (when it reached its historic maximum). 
It should be noted, however, that in a context marked by the COVID-19 pandemic, the materialisation of the 
very unfavourable macroeconomic outlook in the coming years is likely to negatively affect the capacity of 
the non-financial private sector to service debt, namely, in the case of companies, in some sectors particularly 
vulnerable to the current context, leading to a deterioration in loan quality and a consequent increase in 
delinquencies. 
The reduction in the NPL ratio in 2019 was transversal to the various institutions, and was most significant 
in those with the highest ratios in 2018. The evolution of the NPL ratio compared to December 2018 mainly 
reflected the sharp decrease in the stock of non-performing loans (€8.7 billion). Although to a lesser extent, 
the increase in performing loans in 2019 (5.6 per cent) also contributed favourably to the change in the ratio 
in the year. The evolution of the NPL ratio in 2019 has been driven by the write-offs and sale of non-
performing loans, contributing 1.4 pp and 1 pp to the reduction in the NPL ratio, respectively. 
As mentioned above, the current economic and financial context points to the interruption of the downward 
trend in non-performing loans, and the conditions for the decrease in this stock are expected to become less 
favourable or even to disappear. 
The fall in the NPL net impairment ratio was due to the reduction of the NPL, in a context where the NPL 
impairment coverage ratio decreased by 0.5 pp, to 51.4 per cent. This decrease reflected a reduction in 
impairment for non-performing loans slightly above the decrease in these loans. 
At the end of 2019, the impairment coverage ratios for stages 1, 2 and 3 were, for non-financial corporations, 
1 per cent, 6 per cent and 57 per cent, respectively, while for individuals, the same figures were around 0 per 
cent, 4 per cent and 44 per cent. 
The exposure to sovereign debt remained at high levels in 2019 and continued to be dominated by Portuguese 
public debt, although showing a reduction compared to 2018. Exposure to government debt securities has 
increased significantly over the last decade and in 2019 was about five times higher than in 2007. At the end 
of 2019, public debt securities accounted for 15.5 per cent of assets, i.e. 12.3 pp more than in 2006. 
As a result of its activity, the banking system is exposed to real estate directly and indirectly. Direct exposure 
arises from holding properties on the balance sheet due to the receipt of collateral associated with loans in 
default. Indirect exposure results from: (i) loans granted guaranteed by real estate, (ii) loans granted to non-
financial entities whose economic activity is associated with real estate, such as the construction sectors or 
real estate activities, (iii) loans or units held in relation to real estate investment funds. Exposure to real estate 
increases the sensitivity of the banking system to changes in property prices. In the current context of a 
pandemic crisis, this is particularly relevant in view of possible reductions in property prices related, inter 
alia, to the decline in tourism activity. In 2019, global exposure to real estate stood at 37.1 per cent of assets, 
representing an increase of 1 pp over 2009. Between 2011 and 2016 there was a significant increase in

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
exposure, reaching the highest value in 2016 (around 40 per cent. of assets). Since 2016 there has been a 
reduction of 3.2 pp in this exposure, reflecting a general reduction between the different forms of exposure, 
particularly the decrease in loans to individuals guaranteed by real estate (-1.0 pp), real estate on the balance 
sheet (-0.8 pp) and loans to non financial entities guaranteed by real estate (-0.6 pp). 
The changes observed in the financing structure of the Portuguese banking system over the past decade reflect 
greater recourse to more stable financing sources and, therefore, less likely to be impacted by abrupt changes 
in the risk perception of international investors. At the same time, there was a substantial increase in highly 
liquid assets on the banks' balance sheets, which also contributed to the banking system presenting a more 
robust liquidity position at the end of 2019 compared to the period preceding the 2008 financial crisis. 
The weight of liabilities represented by debt securities and, to a lesser extent, deposits from other credit 
institutions declined very significantly (20 pp and 7 pp between 2006 and 2019, respectively), with financing 
through debt securities reaching 4 per cent of assets in 2019, compared to 25.4 per cent in December 2009 - 
when it began a downward trajectory. Despite these developments, it should be noted that since the beginning 
of 2020 some securities issues have been made by institutions, in particular debt instruments eligible for 
compliance with capital requirements and MREL. 
On the other hand, customer deposits have increased very significantly in the last decade, representing about 
69 per cent of the balance sheet in 2019, compared with 67 per cent at the end of 2018, and with an average 
weight of 51 per cent between 2000 and 2007. In a context of significant reinforcement of customer deposits, 
and also in view of the strong deleveraging carried out by the banking system over the last ten years, the 
loans to deposit ratio has been reduced very significantly. At the end of 2019, this ratio stood at 87.1 per cent, 
down 1.9 pp compared to 2018 and 65.8 pp compared to 2008. 
The Eurosystem funding, which increased significantly in the post-international financial crisis period, is 
currently much lower and closer to pre-crisis values. ECB funding decreased by 15 per cent over 2019 to 4.4 
per cent of the banking system's assets, representing a drop of 8.2 pp from the historical maximum observed 
in June 2012. 
In 2019, the Portuguese banking system maintained its trajectory of strengthening capital ratios, with the 
total capital ratio reaching 16.9 per cent, 1.8 pp higher than at the end of 2018. This was mainly due to the 
change in total own funds, which increased by 11.3 per cent., in a context where risk-weighted assets 
decreased slightly. The clear upward trend in the system's solvency, as measured by the evolution of this 
indicator, can be observed since 2008 - when the international financial crisis began - suggesting a greater 
capacity on the part of institutions to cope with possible losses arising from adverse shocks, which is 
particularly relevant given the very negative current economic climate.  
Banking regulation in Portugal 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to extensive 
regulation by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) and the 
European Banking Authority (“EBA”), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and provisioning, as well 
as extensive regulation by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the “CMVM”). 
The Portuguese financial industry has been reacting to a steady stream of changes in the regulatory and legal 
framework since the early 1980s. Portugal implemented legislation bringing Portuguese banking regulations 
in line with European Union legislative practice. In particular, the RGICSF made a noticeable impact on the 
Portuguese financial sector by introducing a comprehensive regulatory framework in Portugal in line with 
European Union Directives, abolishing the distinction between investment and commercial banks, 
establishing prudential and supervisory rules, revising the regulation of foreign banks operating in Portugal 
and Portuguese banks operating abroad and creating a deposit guarantee fund in order to protect depositors. 
In 2013, the European authorities approved a new legislative package to strengthen the regulation of the 
banking sector and to implement the Basel III agreement into the European Union legal framework, replacing 
the former Capital Requirements Directives (2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC): (i) Regulation 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, establishing new and detailed prudential requirements

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
that institutions need to comply with (the Capital Requirements Regulation or “CRR”) and (ii) Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 June 2013, on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the Capital Requirements Directive IV 
or “CRD IV”). The package entered into force on 1 January 2014 but the full application of the new Basel 
III regulations is being gradually introduced, with this process usually being referred to as “phasing-in”. The 
full assumption of the new regulations, without considering transitional plans, is referred to as “full 
implementation”. The “phasing-in” process is currently in force, and it is on this basis that Banco de Portugal 
defines and requires the regulatory minimum ratios to be complied with. 
To ensure a smooth transition to the new Basel III rules, instruments that do not meet the new rules are phased 
out over a 10-year period, provided they were issued prior to 12 September 2010. The CRR set the cut-off 
date at 31 December 2011 (except for instruments used for the recapitalisation of banks by Member States, 
where special rules apply). Under Basel III, capital instruments that do not meet the stricter eligibility criteria 
will be phased out over an eight-year period (starting in 2014). 
By 31 December 2013, European Union member states were required to adopt and publish the laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD IV. The provisions of the CRD IV 
have already been implemented in Portugal. 
The CRR includes provisions regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and 
liquidity ratios. 
With reference to liquidity risks, the Basel III recommendations transposed into CRD IV imply the 
implementation of the liquidity coverage ratios known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) (short-term 
ratio in a severe stress scenario) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) (medium-term). 
The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a 
severe stress scenario. The LCR was introduced gradually starting from October 2015 with a minimum level 
of 60 per cent. and was fully implemented in January 2018 comprising the minimum required ratio of 100 
per cent., one year earlier than the Basel Committee had recommended. As at 31 December 2019, the Issuer’s 
LCR stood at 179.9 per cent. (160.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2018), above the 100 per cent. minimum 
regulatory requirement in force since 1 January 2018.  
The NSFR, which was to be implemented in 2018 but is expected to be delayed until 2021 subject to the 
approval of the relevant regulation, will seek to establish a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding 
based on the liquidity characteristics of an institution's assets and activities over one year period. 
Banks’ strategies had to change with respect to liquidity compliance and a more sustainable balance sheet. 
In order to meet the requirements, some adjustments have been made or are in progress; liquidity regulation 
ensures banks maintain a certain level of highly liquid assets, which may imply lower profitability. At the 
same time, financing costs may increase since long-term financing is favoured in relation to short-term 
financing.  
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal may change, whether as a result of further changes to 
the CRD IV/CRR agreed by European Union legislators, or binding regulatory technical standards to be 
developed by the EBA, or changes to the way in which these requirements apply to Portuguese banks. On 23 
November 2016, the European Commission presented a proposal with a comprehensive package of reforms 
to further strengthen the resilience of European Union banks. These proposals aimed to complete the reform 
of the financial regulatory system, to bring back financial stability and market confidence by implementing 
some outstanding elements, which are essential to further reinforce banks’ ability to withstand potential 
shocks. The proposals also fine-tune the new regulatory framework, where necessary, to make it more 
growth-friendly and proportionate to banks’ complexity, size and business profile. It also included measures 
that will support SMEs and investment in infrastructure. 
This proposal amended the following pieces of legislation: 
a) the CRR and the CRD IV, adopted in 2013 and which set out prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, and rules on governance and supervision; and

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
b) the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation (“SRM Regulation”), adopted in 2014 and which spell out the rules on the recovery and 
resolution of failing institutions, and establish the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The proposal also included phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the ongoing 
interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework, including potential changes to relevant accounting 
standards, which may in turn result in changes to the methodologies which the Issuer is required to adopt for 
the valuation of financial instruments. The adoption of IFRS 9 requires an increase in the level of impairments 
and changes in the fair value of financial instruments which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition, operating results and, if such changes are significant, also on its prospects. 
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union agreed to such proposal and asked the presidency to 
start negotiations with the European Parliament. The European Parliament confirmed its position on the 
proposal at its June 2018 plenary. The European Parliament and Council of the European Union reached 
agreement on the main elements of the European Union Banking Reforms in late 2018, which were endorsed 
by the Committee of Permanent Representatives (''COREPER'') on 30 November 2018 and approved by 
the Economic and Financial Affairs Council on 4 December 2018. In February 2019, COREPER endorsed 
the positions agreed with the European Parliament on all elements of the European Union Banking Reforms. 
The agreed text was adopted by the European Parliament on 16 April 2019. COREPER approved the 
European Union Banking Reforms on 7 May 2019 and the Council of the European Union formally approved 
the European Union Banking Reforms on 14 May 2019. 
The CRD-V package amendments contain three groups of provisions, covering capital and liquidity 
requirements, aspects of proportionality, and the EU's resolution framework. 
The European Parliament, the Council and the EC agreed in October 2017 on some elements of the review 
of the CRD-V package, namely creation of a new category of unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency 
ranking, on the implementation of the IFRS 9 and on rules limiting large exposures to a single counterparty. 
On 1 January 2018, Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, entered into force, amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements for mitigating 
the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment of certain public 
sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State. 
On 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU, the following were published: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”); 
both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or 
before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II shall apply from 28 December 2020. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements (“CRR II”); and 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (“CRD V”). 
Regarding capital ratios, according to the CRR and Banco de Portugal Regulations, banks are subject to a

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
minimum compliance of 4.5 per cent. (Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), of 6 per cent. (Tier 1) and of 8 per 
cent. (Total Capital Ratio) with gradually increasing buffers until 1 January 2021. 
The CRD IV included general rules and supervision powers, wages, governance and disclosure requirements, 
as well as an introduction of five additional capital buffers: 
• 
A capital conservation buffer 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 Capital; 
• 
A countercyclical capital buffer between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of 
CET1 Capital, pursuant to the conditions to be established by the competent authorities; 
• 
A macro prudential systemic risk buffer of up to 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, depending on 
the economic outlook, to address systemic risks of a long-term, non-cyclical nature that are not 
covered by the CRR; and 
• 
A systemic institutions risk buffer: i) applicable to the institutions with a global systemic importance: 
between 1 and 3.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets; and ii) applicable to Other Systemically 
Important Institutions ("O-SII"): between 0 and 2 per cent. of risk-weighted assets. These buffers 
shall consist of CET1 Capital. 
These buffers, apart from the macro prudential systemic risk buffer, have been gradually applied since 2016. 
As regards Portuguese banks, Banco de Portugal decided that the capital conservation buffer would be 
phased-in. In September 2015, Banco de Portugal determined a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. 
(Regulatory Notice (Aviso) 1/2015) to be applied from January 2016. On 31 May 2016, Banco de Portugal 
issued Notice 6/2016 revoking Notice 1/2015, which determined the conservation buffer to be 0.625 per cent. 
in 2016, with an increase of 0.625 per cent. per year until 2019. As of January 2017, the buffer was set at 
1.25 per cent., as of 1 January 2018 it was set at 1.875 per cent., and as of 1 January 2019 at 2.5 per cent. 
Banco de Portugal has also decided to set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk-
weighted assets. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of 
credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of Banco de Portugal or the 
ECB, as applicable. Banco de Portugal will review this decision on a quarterly basis. At its most recent 
revision, on 23 June 2020, Banco de Portugal determined a countercyclical capital buffer rate of 0 per cent.  
On 29 July 2016, and as subsequently confirmed on 30 November 2016, Banco de Portugal, after having 
duly notified the ECB and after having consulted the National Council of Financial Supervisors, decided to 
apply a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer published on 29 December 2015 to the identified 
Portuguese O-SIIs. The timeline for the phase-in of the O-SII buffer was 50 per cent. as at 1 January 2018 
and 100 per cent. as at 1 January 2019. The application of a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer had 
the main purpose of ensuring a level playing field in terms of the decisions on the O-SII buffer between 
Portuguese institutions and their European peers operating in similar macroeconomic environments. 
In a press release dated 30 November 2018, Banco de Portugal announced the annual revision of the 
identification of O-SIIs and the imposition of capital buffers, pursuant to Article 138-R (2) of the RGICSF 
and in the exercise of Banco de Portugal’s powers as national macro prudential authority. For this purpose, 
Banco de Portugal notified the European Central Bank, in accordance with Article 5 of Council Regulation 
(EU) No. 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, which did not object to the draft decision, and consulted with the 
National Council of Financial Supervisors, under Article 2 (3) (c) of Decree-Law no. 143/2013, of 18 October 
2013. Banco de Portugal kept both the methodology and the O-SII capital buffer levels unchanged, but 
decided to extend the phase-in period – the initial two-year period was converted into a four-year period – 
taking into consideration the challenges facing the Portuguese banking system, in a context where interest 
rates remained very low. 
As set out in the legal and regulatory provisions, Banco de Portugal published the table with the names of 
the banking groups identified as O-SIIs in 2018 and the respective capital buffers as a percentage of the total 
risk exposure amount. The Issuer has been classified as an O-SII and the buffers shall consist of CET1 on a 
consolidated basis and shall be met as follows: 25 per cent. on 1 January 2018, 50 per cent. on 1 January

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
2019, 75 per cent. on 1 January 2020 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 2021. The O-SII buffer identified for 
the Issuer was 0.0625 per cent. as at 1 January 2018, 0.125 per cent. as at 1 January 2019, 0.1875 per cent. 
as at 1 January 2020 and 0.250 per cent. as at 1 January 2021. 
On 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published a press release on the decision to postpone the phase-in period 
of the capital buffer for O-SII, the category on which the Issuer falls. As part of the COVID-19 related 
measures, Banco de Portugal has decided to postpone the phase-in period of the O-SII buffer by 1 year. As 
such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 January 2021 was postponed 
to 1 January 2022; as a consequence, the current requirements for Banco Montepio are: 0.1875 per cent. from 
January 2020 and 0.25 per cent. from January 2022 onwards. These buffers will be revised annually or if a 
significant restructuring process occurs, such as a merger or acquisition. The date for next revision is 
tentatively scheduled for 30 November 2020. 
Banco de Portugal takes pre-emptive regulatory and supervisory measures in order to prevent risks and 
maintain the good solvency of the Portuguese banks. On an annual basis, Banco de Portugal assesses whether 
there is a need to require institutions to hold own funds in excess of the legally established minimum 
requirements and to comply with specific liquidity requirements and other measures it lays down. This 
assessment is done under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”), which comprises a set 
of procedures carried out by the supervisory authorities to ensure each credit institution has in place the 
strategies, processes, capital and liquidity that are appropriate to the risks to which it is or might be exposed 
to. This process implements Basel Pillar 2 in European and national legislation. 
The SREP also assesses the risk each institution poses to the financial system. This process therefore makes 
it possible to determine capital and liquidity requirements and other supervisory measures to address the 
specific weaknesses of each institution. This methodology provides for a holistic and forward-looking 
assessment of the viability of the supervised institution. The SREP is conducted in a proportional manner, 
both to significant institutions and less significant institutions (“LSIs”). The frequency and intensity of the 
SREP assessment takes into account the potential impact each institution may have on the financial system 
and its specific risk profile. 
The deepening of supervision by Banco de Portugal, following the financial and economic crisis, has resulted 
in a broadening of the areas covered as well as in a greater frequency of prudential reporting obligations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio’s minimum capital ratio requirements under Pillar 1, 
on a consolidated basis, are: 4.5 per cent. for CET1, 6.0 per cent. for Tier 1 and 8.0 per cent. for Total Capital. 
Under the SREP, Banco de Portugal determined for Banco Montepio an additional 3.25 per cent. Pillar 2 
requirement to be met from 1 July 2019 onwards, on a consolidated basis. Including the applicable buffers, 
as of 1 January 2020 Banco Montepio was required to comply with the capital ratio requirements (on a 
consolidated and phasing-in basis) of 9.016 per cent. for CET1, 11.125 per cent. for Tier 1 and 13.938 per 
cent. for Total Capital. As of 31 December 2019 the capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above 
the required prudential levels for the total capital requirement (including combined reserves), pursuant to the 
decision disclosed for the financial year of 2019 by Banco de Portugal, as the authority responsible for Banco 
Montepio's supervision on a consolidated basis, in the context of the SREP. As of 31 December 2019, the 
Total Capital ratio of the Issuer, on a consolidated and phasing-in basis stood at 13.9 per cent. (13.9 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2018) and the CET1 ratio was 12.4 per cent. (13.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2018). 
Considering the full implementation of CRD IV/CRR, as of 31 December 2019, the Total Capital ratio stood 
at 12.8 per cent. (11.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2018) and CET1 was 11.2 per cent. (11.2 per cent. as at 
31 December 2018). 
The international financial reporting standard (IFRS 9) entered into force on 1 January 2018, introducing 
significant changes in the classification of financial assets and in the recording of impairment. IFRS 9 is 
divided into three pillars: Classification and measurement; Impairment and Hedge accounting. It is in the 
Impairment pillar that the most relevant impacts are observed given that IFRS 9 establishes a new asset 
impairment model based on expected credit losses (ECL), which considers the expected losses throughout 
the life of financial instruments, replacing the IAS 39 “incurred loss” model.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Macroeconomic factors are considered when determining the ECL, whose changes have impact in expected 
losses. Instruments that are subject to impairment calculations are divided in three stages considering its 
credit risk level, as follows: 
(i) Stage 1: financial assets with no significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition and 
which are not in default; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses resulting from 
default events that may occur within 12 months after the reporting date; 
(ii) Stage 2: financial assets with a significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition, however 
without any clear evidence of impairment; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit 
losses resulting from default events that may occur over the expected residual life of the instrument; 
(iii) Stage 3: financial assets in default with a clear evidence of impairment losses as a consequence of 
events that resulted in losses; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses over the 
expected residual life of the instrument. 
The expected credit losses (ECL) for homogeneous populations is given by the product of the probability of 
default (PD), the loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at the contract’s 
effective interest rate until the reporting date.  
The main difference between impairment losses measured for financial assets classified in the stages refers 
to PD’s time horizon:  
(i) 12-month PD: the probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months (for contracts included 
in stage 1);  
(ii) Lifetime PD: it is the probability of a default occurring during the remaining life of the credit (include 
in stage 2). In such case, lifetime parameters are used and forward looking information is considered;  
(iii) PD=100 per cent. to all stage 3 contracts.  
In the group of individually significant customers, the exposures are subject to individual analysis. This 
analysis focuses on the credit quality of the debtor, as well as on the recovery expectations, taking into 
consideration the existing collateral as well as other relevant factors to assess the debtor credit quality. 
With the adoption of IFRS 9 and considering Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, Banco Montepio has chosen to apply the phasing-in prudential plan defined in the Regulation, 
on an ongoing basis, over a 5-year period. Therefore, in 2018, Banco Montepio recognised prudently 5 per 
cent. of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, in 2019 15 per cent. and in 2020 30 per cent. of such 
impact. 
Since no specific tax treatment was established regarding the transition adjustment to IFRS 9, the Bank 
considered the application of the Corporate Income Tax general rules. Any new transitional regime 
established for those purposes or different interpretation on the tax treatment of the adoption of IFRS 9 could 
result in a material adverse effect on the recovery of deferred taxes. 
Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees changes to the Portuguese CIT Code, namely to articles 28-A and 
28-C, in order to approximate the tax regime applicable to credit impairments registered by entities subject 
to the supervision of Banco de Portugal to the accounting and regulatory rules applicable. 
This regime is applicable to impairments regarding all types of credit risk and whether analyzed on an 
individual or collective basis. However, it lists down specific exceptions to the deductibility of credit 
impairments, namely: 
• 
on credits and other rights over individuals or entities that hold directly or indirectly over 10 per cent. 
of the financial institution’s capital or over its governing body’s members (with certain exceptions); 
and, 
• 
on credits and other rights over entities whose capital is held directly or indirectly in more than 10 
per cent. by the financial institution or over participated entities in which the financial institution is

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
engaged in special relations with, provided they are given after the participation acquisition or 
verification of the condition that determines the special relation situation (with certain exceptions). 
In addition, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, also establishes that the new regime is applicable to 
impairment losses accounted in 1 January 2019 onwards, whereas regarding previously accounted 
impairment losses and yet not accepted for tax purposes, Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal remains applicable 
(without prejudice to the Special Regime of Deferred Tax Assets approved by Law no. 61/2014). 
Furthermore, a multi-year map of impairment losses for specific credit risk regarding credits analysed on an 
individual basis and for groups of credits analysed on a collective basis must now be included in the tax 
documentation file, which must contain accounting information and tax adjustments detailed by credit or 
group of credits: 
Additionally, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees an adaptation period of 5 tax years after 1 January 
2019, under which the current regime is still applicable (i.e. Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal), unless 
communicated otherwise to the general director of the Portuguese Tax Authorities. Notwithstanding, 
financial institutions have to adopt this new regime from 2022 or 2023 onwards, as applicable, if on the 1st 
of January of those years they acquire own shares or distribute dividends to shareholders in respect of profits 
generated in those periods, except in cases where, as at 31st of December of those years, the value of the 
deferred tax assets covered by REAID has decreased by at least 10 per cent. or 20 per cent., respectively, 
compared to the amount accounted at 31st December 2018. 
Banco Montepio has not opted for the application of the new tax regime on impairment, for which reason, 
for the current and deferred tax assessment as at 31 December 2019, it estimated its taxes based on the regime 
that was in force until 31 December 2018. 
In order to further integrate the European banking system and to promote financial stability in the Eurozone, 
an agreement was reached by the European Council to create the European Banking Union (the “EBU”). 
This new union provides for a new supervisory landscape and the deepening of the Economic and Monetary 
Union. It was agreed to establish three main building blocks of the EBU: a Single Supervisory Mechanism 
(the “SSM”), a Single Resolution Mechanism (the “SRM”), and a Single Deposit Guarantee System. 
Since November 2014 and in accordance with the SSM, the ECB is the central prudential supervisor of 
financial institutions in the euro area as a direct supervisor to the largest banks. National supervisors continue 
to monitor the remaining banks. The SRM was established in a bid to ensure taxpayer costs and damages to 
the real economy following bank failures are kept to a minimum. The SRM will apply to banks covered by 
the SSM and will allow bank resolutions to be managed effectively through a Single Resolution Fund and a 
Single Resolution Board. 
The RGICSF has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree Law no. 114-
B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directives 
2014/49/EU of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.  
The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation, 
subject to some exceptions, applied from 1 January 2016. The SRB has been fully operational since from 
January 2016. The BRRD has been implemented in Portugal pursuant to the European Union (Bank Recovery 
and Resolution) Regulations 2015 (the “BRRD Regulations”). 
The BRRD Regulations, other than regulations 79 to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 to 
94 of the BRRD Regulations came into effect on 1 January 2016. The establishment of the SRM is designed 
to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level for countries that share the supervision 
of banks within the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”). The single resolution fund is financed by 
bank levies raised at the national level.  
The European Resolution Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as 
at 31 December 2015 (namely the resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (BES) and the 
resolution measure applied to Banif). See further “The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo 
S.A. (BES)” and “The resolution measure applied to Banif” above.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
The overarching goal of the new bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM 
package is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The new framework is 
intended to enable resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to 
the broader financial system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors. 
Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a full recovery plan that sets out detailed 
measures to be taken in different scenarios when the viability of the institution is at risk. 
Banks subject to the BRRD may be required to contribute to ex ante funds and in particular to the European 
Resolution Fund. The periodic contributions of the participating institutions in the European Resolution Fund 
should be (i) distributed proportionally among participating institutions, according to the respective level of 
financial liabilities, excluding own funds and deducting deposits guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Fund 
(Fundo de Garantia de Depósitos) (the “Reserve Base”), adjusted according to the institution’s risk profile 
and considering the economic outlook as well as the contribution’s impact on the institution; and (ii) 
determined by the application of a contributory rate (proposed by the European Resolution Fund and 
established by Banco de Portugal) to the Reserve Base. The Fund will be built up during its first eight years 
(2016-2023) and shall reach at least 1 per cent. of deposits guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Fund 
(approx. €55 billion in 2024). Where ex ante contributions are insufficient to cover the losses or costs incurred 
by use of the Fund, additional ex post contributions should be collected. 
The reorganisation regime previously in force that governed credit institutions was extensively reviewed and 
was replaced with a new approach by Banco de Portugal as regards intervention on credit institutions and 
investment firms in financial distress. The measures set out in the new regime aim at recovering or preparing 
the orderly winding-up of credit institutions and certain financial companies in situations of financial distress. 
The new toolbox includes three stages of intervention by Banco de Portugal: preparatory and preventive 
measures, prior supervisory intervention, and instruments and powers of resolution. The implementation of 
these measures and the exercise of these powers will directly affect the rights of shareholders and creditors. 
Credit institutions are required to produce suitable recovery plans to resolve problems of liquidity, solvency, 
or overall exposure to risk, and to keep such plans up-to-date. To complement the resolution plans, Banco de 
Portugal has been given preventive powers, including the powers to limit or modify exposure to risk, require 
additional information, set restrictions or prohibitions on certain activities and changes to group structures. 
Within the scope of preventive interventions, Banco de Portugal has been given powers to prohibit the 
distribution of dividends to shareholders, to replace managers or directors, and to require credit institutions 
to transfer assets that constitute an excessive or undesirable risk to the soundness of the institution. These 
actions may have a direct effect on shareholders and the Issuer’s expected returns and additional indirect 
impacts through changes to such institutions’ business activities. 
Article 145-D of the RGICSF implemented Article 34 of the BRRD and determines as general principles 
applying to the resolution measures that (i) the shareholders of the institution bear losses with priority in 
relation to other creditors; (ii) creditors of the institution other than the shareholders under resolution bear 
losses in accordance with the order of priority of their claims; (iii) no shareholder or creditor of the institution 
shall, as a result of the resolution measures, bear losses higher than the ones that would arise should the 
institution be subject to liquidation; and (iv) the depositors shall not suffer losses in relation to deposits 
covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
Further, pursuant to Article 145-E of the RGICSF, resolution measures may be applied if the following 
cumulative conditions are met: (a) a credit institution or an investment firm covered by the resolution regime 
has been declared by Banco de Portugal as being insolvent, or at a risk of becoming insolvent; (b) it is not 
foreseeable that the insolvency situation of such institution can be remedied through measures adopted by 
the institution, or by corrective intervention measures or other measures aimed at the conversion or reduction 
of own funds instruments; (c) the implementation of such measures is considered necessary and proportional 
for the pursuance of at least one of the following objectives: (i) ensure the continuity of essential financial 
services, (ii) prevent systemic risk, (iii) safeguard public funds and taxpayers’ interests, (iv) safeguard 
depositors’ confidence, (v) protection of other funds and assets held by institutions for the account of their

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
clients; and (d) the winding up of the institution is not capable of achieving the goals described in (c) more 
effectively than the resolution measures. 
An institution is deemed to be failing, for the purposes of adoption of resolution measures, if one of the 
following situations occurs, or when sufficient reasons exist to suggest that they may occur in the short run: 
(i) the institution ceases to comply with the requirements for preserving the banking licence, including if it 
incurs losses capable of significantly absorbing its own funds; (ii) the institution’s assets have become less 
than its liabilities; (iii) the institution is unable to meet its obligations; (iv) the institution is in need of 
extraordinary public funding, save when such assistance is aimed at preventing or containing a serious 
economic crisis and preserving financial stability, and fulfils certain other criteria (Article 145-E of the 
RGICSF). 
There are four types of resolution measures (Article 145-E of the RGICSF), namely: (i) the total or partial 
sale of the assets, liabilities, off-balance items and assets under management, as well as shares representing 
the share capital of the distressed financial institution to one or more financial institutions authorised to 
operate in the market; (ii) the creation of a bridge bank and the transfer of all or part of the assets and liabilities 
of the institution in financial distress to that bank; (iii) asset segregation tool, whereby all or part of the 
distressed institution’s activity is transferred to an asset management vehicle; and (iv) bail-in through an 
internal recapitalisation of such institution. Along with these measures, by default the members of the 
institutions’ corporate bodies and chartered accountant shall be replaced by members and a chartered 
accountant designated by Banco de Portugal. 
The powers granted to resolution authorities under the BRRD include (but are not limited to) the introduction 
of a statutory “write-down and conversion power” and a “bail-in power”, which will give the relevant 
Portuguese resolution authority the power to cancel all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or interest 
on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims into 
another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any.  
The measures described above may be wholly or partially funded through the Resolution Fund, in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the RGICSF. 
Within its powers as authority in charge of resolution measures, Banco de Portugal is also entitled to adopt, 
individually or jointly with the above mentioned resolution measures, other measures aimed at reducing or 
eliminating the insufficiency of own funds in the credit institution, including (a) reduction of its share capital 
(amortisation or reduction of nominal value of shares); (b) removal of nominal value of shares; (c) reduction 
of nominal value of credits attached to other financial instruments or contracts which are eligible for own 
funds purposes according to the legislation and regulation in force; and (d) increase of share capital via the 
conversion of credits referred to in (c) into share capital. In order to adopt the measures described in this 
paragraph, certain conditions must be met, as described in Article 145-I of the RGICSF. In its decision to 
adopt resolution measures, Banco de Portugal shall abide by the rules on creditors´ ranking set forth in the 
Portuguese Insolvency Code, thus not being allowed to affect a class of creditors which rank above another 
class that are not wholly or substantially affected. 
Furthermore, to the extent necessary to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal 
may exercise, inter alia, the following powers: (i) suspension of payment or delivery obligations of the 
institution under existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement rights benefiting holders of any security 
over assets of the institution; (iii) suspension of the rights to accelerate, terminate, or otherwise decide the 
termination under existing agreements; (iv) closing of agencies of the institution; (v) exercise of rights 
attached to shares and other instruments representing share capital of the affected institution; (vi) amendment 
of terms applicable to unsecured debt instruments and other eligible claims held vis-à-vis the institution, such 
as clauses on maturity dates and payable interest; (vii) liquidation and termination of financial agreements 
and derivative agreements; and (viii) suspension of the negotiation of a financial instrument (Article 145-AB 
of the RGICSF).  
Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund also have the right to recover their expenses resulting from the 
resolution measures through either a deduction of the consideration payable by any transferee in relation to

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
the acquisition of the institution’s assets, share capital or other instruments representative of debt or equity, 
from the institution itself, or from the profits generated by it or the vehicle managing its assets (a legal 
privilege is attached to the claim held by Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund). 
The Resolution Fund is a public-law legal person designed to provide financial support to the application of 
the resolution measures ordered by Banco de Portugal. It is fully funded by the financial sector through initial 
and periodical contributions from member institutions, including the Issuer, whose amount shall be fixed on 
an annual basis, as set out in Decree Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, as amended, and the revenue arising 
from the contribution over the banking sector. These institutions may also be requested to make extraordinary 
contributions, if necessary in connection with the adoption of any resolution measures. The financial 
assistance provided by the Resolution Fund may include, among others, the transfer of cash to the acquirer 
bank or to the bridge bank, the provision of guarantees, the granting of loans, and the paying-up of the capital 
stock of bridge banks. 
Banco de Portugal Notice (Aviso) 1/2013 (as amended) sets forth the methodology to calculate periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund. Such methodology consists of the application of a contribution rate to 
the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits already included in 
the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
The rate to be applied is set by a regulatory instruction (Instrução) issued by Banco de Portugal. The rate 
was 0.02 per cent. in 2016, 0.0291 per cent. in 2017, 0.0459 per cent. in 2018, 0.057 per cent. in 2019 and 
0.060 per cent. in 2020, as defined in instruction 19/2015, instruction 21/2016, instruction 20/2017, 32/2018 
and instruction 24/2019, respectively, issued by Banco de Portugal. 
In the year 2018, as a result of the transitional regime established in Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 of March, 
continued in force, in parallel, two contribution schemes for the Resolution Fund, in addition to the 
contribution scheme for the banking sector. On the one hand, the regime in force until the entry into force of 
said Law no. 23-A/2015 of March 26, has been temporarily maintained, whose contributions are intended to 
ensure compliance with obligations previously assumed by the Resolution Fund (applying, in this case, with 
the necessary adaptations, the regime established in Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of February 19). On the other 
hand it is in force the system of contributions created by the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and 
settlement of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD), which is based on harmonized rules within 
the European Union and has been transposed in its principles and general rules by Law no. 23-A /2015 of 
March 26 (applying in this matter the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/63 of 21 October 2014 
- Delegated Regulation). The contributions collected under the combined terms of this scheme and 
Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (SRM 
Regulation) to institutions covered by the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) are transferred to the Single 
Resolution Fund (SRF) on the basis of the Agreement on Transfer and Mutual Contributions to the SRF 
(Intergovernmental Agreement), signed in Brussels on 21 May 2014 and approved by Assembly Resolution 
no. 129/2015 of July 22. 
In addition to the contributions collected under the regime established by Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 
February 19, and the contributions created under the BRRD transposition, charged on the basis of the 
Delegated Regulation, there is an additional source of revenue of the Resolution Fund which is the 
contribution income on the banking sector. 
In view of the above, funds available to the Resolution Fund arise from the following sources: (a) 
contributions from the banking sector; (b) initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions 
participating in the Resolution Fund and collected before the implementation of the BRRD in Portugal; (c) 
initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions participating in the Resolution Fund collected 
pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February, and due under the transitional regime provided for in 
Law no. 23-A/2015 of 26 March (aimed at enabling compliance with the obligations undertaken by the 
Resolution Fund in the context of the application of resolution measures applied before 31 December 2014); 
(d) initial, periodic and special contributions from the investment firms not subject to the ECB's supervision,

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
branches of credit institutions of third countries, entities relevant for the payments system not subject to the 
ECB's supervision; (e) proceeds derived from investment applications and from the Resolution Fund activity; 
(f) donations; (g) loans; and (h) other proceeds legally or contractually allocated to the Resolution Fund. 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary, and may increase, from time to time according 
to the Issuer’s liabilities and own funds. Contribution to the Resolution Fund is adjusted to the risk profile 
and the systemic relevance of each participating institution considering its solvency situation. Also, banks 
(including the Issuer) may be required to contribute to the deposit guarantee systems in amounts that are 
higher than the current contributions. The participation of the Issuer in the €700 million initial loan 
corresponded to 10 per cent. 
According to Article 5, paragraph e of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial 
Order (Portaria) No. 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the Government a 
proposal for the implementation of special contributions to rebalance the financial condition of the Resolution 
Fund.  
If the payment of those special contributions compromises the Issuer's liquidity or its solvency, Banco de 
Portugal can suspend them for a period of up to 180 days, extendable at the request of the Issuer. The 
Resolution Fund also publicly indicated that the financing will be structured in such a manner as to not only 
avoid jeopardising the solvency of any credit institution but also to preserve financial stability.  
Under Article 153-O of the RGICSF, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the implementation of 
the resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting general and administrative expenses. 
At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses to be incurred by the Resolution Fund.  
The Deposit Guarantee Fund may also provide financial assistance for the implementation of resolution 
measures, but only in the case of transfer of deposits placed with the institution in distress to another credit 
institution authorised to take deposits or to a bridge bank, and only in the amount needed to cover the 
difference between the amount of covered deposits and the value of the assets sold or transferred. Moreover, 
funding by the Deposit Guarantee Fund shall in no circumstances exceed the cost of a direct reimbursement 
to the depositors.  
The implementation of resolution measures is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution’s 
shareholders nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets 
under management to be sold or transferred.  
Hence, if the Issuer is subject to a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal may: 
a) require the full transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in which 
case the entirety of the rights and obligations under the Programme (including the Programme 
Documents) shall be transferred to another duly licensed entity or a bridge institution; 
b) require the partial transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in 
connection with such partial transfer, and that the obligations and liabilities under the Programme 
(including the Programme Documents) remain as a liability of the Issuer: in such instance, depending 
on the financial condition and other factors relating to the Issuer, Banco de Portugal may additionally 
revoke the licence of, and determine the opening of liquidation proceedings against, the Issuer.  
c) determine that the creditors of the Issuer are subject to bail-in measures: in such case, it is expressly 
referred in the RGICSF that the adoption of such type of resolution tool shall not encompass 
obligations having the benefit of security (“garantia real”) over the assets of the Issuer up to the 
amount of the security assets; conversely, if such amount of such obligations exceeds the value of 
the assets charged as security thereof, then such excess may be affected by the relevant bail-in 
measures. Banco de Portugal may cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, 
certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution or its holding company, convert certain 
debt claims into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any and/or 
amend or alter the terms of such claims, including the maturity of the unsecured liabilities or

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the unsecured liabilities, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In addition to the measures set out above, to prevent bank institutions from structuring their liabilities in a 
way which may compromise the efficiency of the bail-in or of other resolution tools and to avoid the 
contagion risk or a bank run, the BRRD also requires that all institutions should meet the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), calculated as a percentage of total liabilities 
and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will include 
an institution's own funds, along with "eligible liabilities". 
The MREL regime, which became effective during 2016, involves a transition period and should have 
implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, implying the introduction of alterations in the liability 
structure through the issue of new senior debt with some subordination structure or strengthening Tier 2. 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet a MREL 
requirement. The actual size of the Issuer´s MREL has not yet been set. Banco Montepio expects that Banco 
de Portugal will decide and notify it, during 2020, of what its MREL should be, as well as the timing for its 
implementation. The expectation is that Banco Montepio will be granted a period of several years (to be 
confirmed by Banco de Portugal once its MREL requirement is known) to comply with its MREL 
requirement. In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, 
affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the 
capacity to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, 
without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's 
earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, if they include convertibility features.  
Regarding NPL related initiatives, in March 2018, the Commission presented a package of measures aimed 
at reducing NPLs. The measures include a proposed regulation amending CRR and introducing common 
minimum coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, and a proposed directive 
on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral, which provides for an out-of-court 
recovery mechanism for NPLs and aims to encourage the development of secondary markets in NPLs. 
Amendments to CRR to apply the day after publication in the OJ. New rules under directive on credit 
servicers to apply from 1 Jan 2021 or (for credit servicer authorisation and supervision) 1 July 2021. 
The regulatory laws governing banking activity may change at any time in ways which may have an adverse 
effect on the business of the Issuer. A potential further alignment by Banco de Portugal with the ECB's 
regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in certain areas, such as capital requirements and 
acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Group’s 
results and financial position. 
Banco de Portugal conducts the preventive supervision of money laundering and terrorist financing (ML/TF) 
of credit institutions, financial companies, payment institutions, electronic money institutions, branches 
established in Portugal and entities providing postal services as well as financial services. Supervised 
institutions are required to comply with several duties such as, (i) customer identification and due diligence, 
(ii) duty to keep documents and records on customers and operations, (iii) scrutiny and reporting of suspicious 
operations and (iv) adoption and implementation of internal control systems that are adequate to the ML/TF 
risk intrinsic to each institution. Banco de Portugal has regulatory functions and actively participates in the 
preparation of the legal framework governing ML/TF. In this regard, note should be made of Banco de 
Portugal Notice 2/2018 which regulates Law 83/2017 of 18 August, in particular the reinforcement of 
preventive duties established therein. 
Money laundering is the process through which the authors of criminal activities conceal the true source of 
the property and revenue (benefits) obtained by illicit means, transforming the liquidity from such activities 
into legally reusable money, by disguising the origin and true owner of the funds. According to Portuguese 
law, money laundering is a crime (Article 368-A of the Portuguese Penal Code).

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
In articulation with the legal framework for the prevention of money laundering, legislative measures were 
adopted to make it easier to detect, prevent and suppress terrorist financing, reducing the possibility of access 
to the international financial system by the persons who commit terrorist acts, terrorist organisations and 
groups, and their sponsors. These measures include, inter alia, the freezing and seizure of the assets belonging 
to terrorists and those supporting and sponsoring terrorist organisations and groups, the duty to report 
transactions suspicious of having any type of connection with terrorist activities, the strengthening of the 
duties to prevent money laundering (in particular, the identification duty) within the scope of operations 
involving the transfer of funds and criminalising terrorist financing. In accordance with Portuguese law, 
terrorist financing is considered a criminal offence, by virtue of the provisions laid down in Article 5-A 
of Law no. 52/2003 of 22 August 2003 (as amended). 
In December 2016, the Commission adopted a package of legislative proposals to fight financing of terrorism, 
including a proposed Regulation on the mutual recognition of freezing and confiscation orders. The new 
Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 28 November 2018 and aims to improve co-operation 
between European authorities to ensure they can freeze and confiscate assets quickly and efficiently across 
the European Union. The new Regulation widens the scope of current rules and includes provisions to ensure 
that victims’ rights to compensation and restitution are respected. Most provisions will apply from 19 
December 2020 (24 months after entry into force). 
The fifth Money Laundering Directive (“MLD5”) was published in the Official Journal in June 2018. It 
includes targeted amendments to increase transparency around owners of companies and trusts through the 
establishment of public beneficial ownership registers, prevent risks associated with the use of virtual 
currencies for terrorist financing, restrict the anonymous use of pre-paid cards, improve the safeguards for 
financial transactions to and from high-risk third countries and enhance Financial Intelligence Units' access 
to information. National transposition is expected by 10 January 2020. 
In September 2017 the European Banking Authority (EBA) published its revised Guidelines on Internal 
Governance. These Guidelines aim at further harmonising institutions' internal governance arrangements, 
processes and mechanisms across the EU, in line with the new requirements in this area introduced in the 
Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) and also taking into account the proportionality principle. 
Effective internal governance is fundamental if individual institutions and the banking system as a whole are 
to operate well. 
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), agreed upon by the European Parliament and Council 
in April 2016, replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC in 2018 as the primary law regulating how 
companies protect European Union citizens' personal data. The mutually agreed GDPR came into force on 
May 25, 2018, and was designed to modernise laws that protect the personal information of individuals. 
GDPR altered how businesses and public sector organisations can handle the information of their customers. 
The execution of GDPR in Portugal was executed through Law no. 58/2019 of 8 August.  
The Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 transposed to the Portuguese law the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 
the European Parliament and of the Counsel, of 12 December 2017, as regards the ranking of certain debt 
instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. This law grants a full depositor preference in bank insolvency and 
resolution proceedings against senior debt and introduced a new class of debt, the Senior Non-Preferred Debt, 
that will rank below preferential Senior debt, but above Subordinated Debt. 
Banco Montepio’s activities are regulated by Banco de Portugal, as a credit institution, and by the CMVM, 
as an issuer with outstanding listed notes. It must comply with the regulations issued by Banco de Portugal, 
the RGICSF and with the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). In its activity as 
distributor of insurance products it is also subject to the supervision of the Insurance and Pension Funds 
Authority (Autoridade de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões). 
Banco de Portugal enjoys extensive supervisory and regulatory powers in relation to all credit and deposit-
taking institutions in Portugal. Banco Montepio in particular, classified as a LSI, under the current SSM 
arrangement, is directly supervised by Banco de Portugal.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
There are specific regulations regarding regular audits by Banco de Portugal, a specified accounting plan, 
limits on large exposures, minimum levels of provisions for loan losses and mandatory contribution to the 
deposit guarantee fund. Compliance is monitored through periodic inspections and regular reviews of 
financial statements. 
Since 2011, Banco Montepio has participated in all exercises conducted by the European Banking Authority 
to evaluate the impacts of Basel III rules’ implementation. At the same time, Banco Montepio has been 
performing quarterly stress tests exercises taking into account adverse macroeconomic and financial 
scenarios defined by Banco de Portugal. 
In addition to the stress tests reported to Banco de Portugal, Banco Montepio regularly conducts other impact 
studies that are intended to provide an analytical view of the bank’s position in terms of liquidity, profits and 
capital when subject to unfavourable scenarios stemming from changes in risk factors such as interest rates, 
credit spreads, deposit runoffs, eligible asset valuation haircuts applied by the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”), credit ratings, portfolio and collateral losses, among other factors.  
The results under the adverse scenarios, including those resulting from the adverse macroeconomic scenarios 
defined by Banco de Portugal show that Banco Montepio continues to enjoy suitable capitalisation levels. 
The impact studies and results are disclosed to and discussed with the board of directors, with the subsequent 
conclusions incorporated in the strategic decision making processes, namely in the determination of solvency 
levels, liquidity, exposure to specific risks (counterparty and price risks) and global risks (interest rate, 
foreign exchange and liquidity risks), as well as in the pricing, loan criteria and development of products 
offered. 
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets ("DTA") must be deducted from CET1 capital.  
However, Article 39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTA that do not rely on future profitability, 
foreseeing that such DTA are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTA are deemed not to 
rely on future profitability when:  
a. They are automatically and mandatorily replaced without delay with a tax credit, in the event that the 
institution reports a loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in the event 
of its liquidation or insolvency;  
b. The abovementioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax liability of the 
institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as the institution for tax 
purposes under that law or any other undertaking subject to supervision on a consolidated basis; and  
c. Where the amount of tax credits referred to in point (b) above exceeds the tax liabilities referred to 
in that same point, any such excess is replaced without delay with a direct claim on the central 
government of the Member State in which the institution is incorporated.  
The deduction of DTA from CET1 capital, as at 1 January 2014, would thus have a negative impact on the 
capital levels of credit institutions established in Member States where national tax law imposes a time 
mismatch between the accounting and tax recognition of certain gains and losses – namely, Italy, Spain and 
Portugal.  
In this regard, the Italian and Spanish Governments enacted, in 2011 (Italy) and 2013 (Spain, with retroactive 
effect to 2011), amendments to national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with 
the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of resident credit 
institutions. 
In view of the above, the Portuguese Parliament approved Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August, as amended from 
time to time, (“Law no. 61/2014”) which implements a special regime with the aim of fulfilling the 
requirements for non-deductibility of DTA from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions, allowing 
Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTA arising from loan impairment losses and from post-
employment and long-term employment benefits into tax credits (the “DTA Special Regime”).

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
Law no. 61/2014 foresees that any DTA arising from the abovementioned items, accounted in taxable periods 
starting on or after 1 January 2015, or registered in the taxpayer's accounts in the last taxable period prior to 
that date, may be converted into tax credits when the taxpayer: (i) reports an annual accounting loss when 
the institution’s annual financial statements are formally approved by the competent corporate bodies; or (ii) 
enters into a liquidation procedure, as a result of voluntary dissolution, court-ordered insolvency or, if 
applicable, cancellation of authorisation by the regulator or supervisory body. The amount of DTA to be 
converted into tax credits corresponds to the ratio between (a) the amount of the annual accounting loss, and 
(b) the total amount of equity minus the amount in (a) above, and is declared by the Corporate Income 
Taxpayers in their annual Corporate Income Tax return, to be submitted within the five-month period after 
the year-end. The amount of the declared tax credit must subsequently be confirmed by the tax authorities 
through a tax audit procedure to be initiated within the three-month period following the expiry of the 
abovementioned annual corporate income tax return submission deadline. The tax credits obtained with the 
conversion of DTA may be offset against any State taxes on income and on assets payable by the taxpayer 
or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same group for purposes of prudential 
consolidation under the CRR.  
However, the conversion of DTA entails the constitution of a special non-distributable reserve, equivalent to 
the amount of the tax credit obtained increased by 10 per cent., and conversely, the issuance of symmetric 
warrants to the Portuguese Republic. The warrants entitle the Portuguese Republic (i) to demand the increase 
of the issuer’s share capital through conversion of the special reserve and subsequent issue and delivery of 
ordinary shares representing the issuer’s share capital; or (ii) to freely dispose of them, including by sale to 
third parties, which may subsequently demand such increase of the issuer’s share capital. To mitigate the 
effects of the possible shareholding dilution resulting thereof, Law no. 61/2014 grants that, at the date of 
issuance of the warrants, existing shareholders are automatically vested statutory entitlements that allow them 
to purchase the warrants from the Portuguese Republic. 
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish 
that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting 
and tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with 
respect to the previous fiscal years. 
The DTA related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, and the DTA related to temporary 
mismatches that depend on future profitability are partially deducted from capital (the portion that exceeds 
the threshold of 10 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed at 250 per cent. Finally, the DTA related to 
temporary mismatches protected by the Portuguese fiscal regime are weighed at 100 per cent. Potential future 
changes to the way in which the Portuguese fiscal regime operates could result in previously protected DTAs 
(that would eventually be converted into DTA related to temporary mismatches that depend on future 
profitability) no longer being protected. At this point, there are no expected changes in the fiscal regime that 
could negatively affect the calculation of DTAs on capital ratios, but Banco Montepio cannot assure investors 
that the expected changes will not take place. 
Temporary legal moratoria on certain financing agreements  
Law no. 1-A/2020, of 19 March, as amended, implemented exceptional and temporary measures to tackle 
the pandemic caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19. Article 8 of Law no. 1-A/2020 creates a 
temporary regime whereby execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the mortgagor for 
permanent residence are suspended for the time being. This regime will cease to apply on a date to be 
determined via the enactment of a new Decree-Law declaring the end of the exceptional period of prevention, 
containment, mitigation and treatment of SARS-CoV2 and COVID-19.  
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law no.10-J/2020, which established a 
temporary legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting the liquidity of 
companies and families (lastly amended by Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July) (the “Legislative Moratoria”). 
This regime entered into force on 27 March 2020 and will be in force until 31 March 2021. It includes, in 
relation to credit operations granted by financial institutions (excluding, among others, credit or financing

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
for the purchase of securities or the acquisition of positions in other financial instruments), (i) a prohibition 
of revocation, in whole or in part, of credit lines and loans, in the amounts contracted, from 27 March 2020, 
(ii) an extension, for a period equal to the term of the measure, of all debts with payments of principal at the 
end of the contract in force as at 27 March 2020, together with all its associated elements, including interest, 
guarantees, notably those provided by the way of insurance or securities; and (iii) suspension, from 27 March 
2020, in relation to debts with partial instalments or other cash amounts payable, of payments of principal, 
rents and interest in such period, with the respective contractual payment plan being automatically extended, 
for a period equal to that of the suspension, in order to ensure that there are no charges other than those which 
may derive from the variability of the benchmark interest rate underlying the respective contract, and with 
all the elements associated with the respective contracts, including guarantees, also being extended.  From 
the date that it entered into force, Decree-Law no. 26/2020, of 16 June, establishes that operations meeting 
the eligibility criteria set forth in Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, who have benefited from any 
moratorium before the institutions from 27 March 2020 and 17 June 2020 shall be subject to the legal regime 
set forth therein. On 24 July 2020, Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July, which amended Decree-Law no. 10-
J/2020, extended the period to adhere to the moratorium until 30 September 2020. On 29 September 2020, 
Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020 further amended Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, extending the legal moratoria from 
1 April 2020 to 30 September 2021, limited to principal with certain exceptions (notably for housing loans 
and financial leases, education related consumer loans and certain other loans granted to activities more 
impacted by the pandemic listed in the Annex to which article 9 of Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020, of 20 
September, refers). 
On 2 April 2020, the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) issued guidelines (EBA/GL/2020/02) on public 
and private payment moratoria on loan repayments applied before 30 June 2020, aiming to clarify the 
following points in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic: (i) the criteria that payment moratoria have to 
fulfil not to trigger forbearance classification, (ii) the application of the prudential requirements in the context 
of these moratoria and (iii) ensuring the consistent treatment of such measures in the calculation of own funds 
requirements. In this context, these guidelines clarify that payment moratoria do not trigger classification as 
forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on 
an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions. In 
addition, the Guidelines recall that institutions must continue to adequately identify those situations where 
borrowers may face longer-term financial difficulties and classify exposures in accordance with the existing 
regulation. The requirements for identification of forborne exposures and defaulted obligors remain in place. 
The application of the Guidelines was since extended to 30 September 2020 and, on 21 September 2020, 
EBA announced it would phase out its applicability in accordance with the end of September deadline. The 
regulatory treatment set out in the Guidelines will continue to apply to all payment holidays granted under 
eligible payment moratoria prior to 30 September 2020, thus avoiding cliff effects risks of having to reclassify 
existing loans abruptly at a later stage.  
Following publication of the EBA’s guidelines, the members of the Portuguese Banking Association 
(Associação Portuguesa de Bancos), including the Issuer, signed, on 16 April 2020, an interbank protocol 
establishing harmonised general conditions for private initiative moratoria (the “Non-legislative moratoria”) 
on mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans (e.g. personal or auto loans). Such private initiative moratoria is 
available to Portuguese-resident individuals and individuals not resident in Portugal.  
Non-legislative moratoria under this protocol benefit from a similar prudential and accounting treatment to 
legislative moratoria.  
As at 30 June 2020, the Issuer had received requests from its customers for payment extensions in relation to 
a loan portfolio worth around €3.0 billion, 23.8% of the outstanding loan portfolio in an amount of €12.4 
billion as of that date.  
EU Temporary Framework for State aid measures and Portuguese measures 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission adopted a Temporary Framework for State aid measures 
(based on Article 107(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union) to support the economy

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
in the current COVID-19 outbreak, which, inter alia, set out the possibilities Member States have under Union 
rules to ensure liquidity and access to finance for undertakings, especially small and medium-sized 
undertakings (“SMEs”) that face a sudden shortage in this period in order to allow them to recover from the 
current situation. The aim was to lay down a framework that enables Member States to support undertakings 
experiencing difficulties due to the current COVID-19 outbreak, whilst maintaining the integrity of the 
European Union Internal Market, ensuring a level playing field. 
The European Commission adopted two amendments, on 3 April 2020 and 8 May 2020 respectively, to 
extend the scope of the State aid Temporary Framework adopted on 19 March 2020 to enable Member States 
to support the economy in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. In close cooperation with Member States, 
the Commission has to-date approved an estimated €1.9 trillion in State aid to the European Union economy 
– to provide urgently needed liquidity for companies, save jobs, enable research and development and ensure 
the supply of products to fight the coronavirus outbreak. The second amendment complements the types of 
measures already covered by the Temporary Framework and existing State aid rules, by setting out criteria 
based on which Member States can provide recapitalisations and subordinated debt to companies in need, 
whilst protecting the level playing field in the European Union. 
The amended Temporary Framework will be in place until the end of December 2020. As solvency issues 
may materialise only at a later stage as this crisis evolves, for recapitalisation measures only the Commission 
has extended this period until the end of June 2021. With a view to ensuring legal certainty, the Commission 
will assess before these dates if they need to be extended. 
In respect of the Portuguese support measures, Portugal has notified two schemes to the Commission, with a 
total estimated budget of €13 billion, to support companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak under 
the Temporary Framework, namely: 
-    A direct grant scheme; and 
-    A State guarantee scheme for investment and working capital loans granted by commercial banks. 
The support under both schemes will be accessible to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and large 
companies facing difficulties as a result of the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The aim of the 
scheme is to help businesses to cover their immediate working capital or investment needs, thus facilitating 
the continuation of their activities. 
The Commission found that the Portuguese measures are in line with the conditions set out in the Temporary 
Framework. The Commission concluded that the measures are necessary, appropriate and proportionate to 
remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State, in line with Article 107(3)(b) TFEU and 
the conditions set out in the Temporary Framework. On this basis, the Commission approved the measures 
under European Union State aid rules. 
In connection with the availability of the above mentioned credit lines to SMEs in Portugal, the Portuguese 
Government decided to release at a first stage the amount of €3 billion in mid-March, which was further 
extended to €6.2 billion in mid-April, and which breakdown was: €4.5 million to support the economic 
activity, €0.9 million to support tourism developments and accommodation companies, €0.2 million to 
support travel agencies, tourist entertainment, event organizers and similar companies, and €0.6 million to 
restaurants and similar companies. These credit lines were subject to general conditions, namely: maximum 
amount per company of €2 million (micro companies €50,000; small companies €500,000; others €2 million) 
with the possibility of submitting applications to more than one specific line; mutual guarantee of up to 90 
per cent. of the outstanding capital; grace period up to 18 months; and loans with a maturity of 6 years. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, most of these credit lines had already run out, and, meanwhile, on 4 June 
2020, the Portuguese Government announced the increase of the amount to be made available by €6.8 billion, 
reaching the €13 billion total amount set by the European Commission. 
The exceptional circumstances and the wide effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the measures 
taken from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuer at its own initiative to address 
this situation, notably those relating to moratoria in respect of loans granted to individuals and companies

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
permitting borrowers to postpone regular payments under their loans for certain periods, to the extent 
applicable, may generally affect the capacity of the Issuer to carry out its business as normal. It is not possible 
at this stage to assess all specific measures that will be implemented to curb the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic and the relevant impacts such measures will have on the Issuer. 
Capital relief measures related to COVID-19 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that the financial institutions can 
continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of the coronavirus (COVID-
19) become apparent. The ECB will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by 
the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) and the capital conservation buffer (CCB). The ECB considers that these 
temporary measures will be enhanced by the appropriate relaxation of the countercyclical capital buffer 
(CCyB) by the national macroprudential authorities.  
Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital instruments which do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET1) capital, such as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet Pillar 2 Requirements (“P2R”). 
This measure was initially scheduled to come into force in January 2021 as part of the revision to the CRD 
IV. It was accelerated as a relief measure to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In a press release dated 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published the decision to postpone the phase-in period 
of the capital buffer for “Other Systemically Important Institutions” (“O-SII”), the category on which the 
Issuer falls, by 1 year. As such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 
January 2021 was postponed to 1 January 2022. Capital buffers as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets 
consist of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis and were determined by the Banco de Portugal to be 
applicable in phases, from 1 January 2018 onwards.  
On 26 June 2020 it was published Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 24 June 2020 (the “CRR Quick Fix”), amending Regulations (EU) No. 575/2013 and (EU) No. 
2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in force since 27 June 2020, 
with the exception of the amendments to the calculation of the leverage ratio which will apply from 28 June 
2021. The purpose of this regulation is to encourage banks to continue lending to businesses and households 
during the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and to absorb the economic shock of the pandemic. In 
this context, the CRR Quick Fix amends specif aspects of the CRR, such as extending the transitional 
arrangements for mitigating the impact of the International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 provisions 
on regulatory, applying a preferential treatment for publicly guaranteed loans under the prudential backstop 
for non-performing loans available under the CRR,  delaying until 1 January 2023 the application of the 
leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important institutions and also brings forward the dates of 
application of certain reforms introduced by the CRR 2. 
In addition, the Banco de Portugal published Circular Letter (Carta Circular) no. CC/2020/00000053 
informing that it will allow the restoration of the combined buffer requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance level 
by at least the end of 2022, and will allow the restoration of the LCR by at least the end of 2021, with a view 
to strengthening the lending capacity of credit institutions to the economy and the capacity to absorb losses 
from the pandemic crisis.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
THE PORTUGUESE ECONOMY 
In May 2011, the Portuguese FAP was agreed between the European Central Bank (“ECB”), the International 
Monetary Fund (“IMF”) and the European Commission (“EC”, and together with the prior two entities, the 
“Troika”) and was implemented in 2012. The FAP comprised a total funding of €78 billion to be allocated 
during the period from 2011 to 2014. The FAP’s main objectives were to return the Portuguese economy to 
a path of sustained growth within a framework of financial stability and to restore the confidence of 
participants in the international financial markets. To this end, the FAP focused its assistance in three main 
areas: (i) a set of significant structural reforms to increase potential growth, create jobs and improve the 
economy's competitiveness; (ii) a strategy for credible fiscal consolidation, based on measures of a structural 
nature and greater budgetary control over all obligations of the State; and (iii) a process of orderly 
deleveraging of the financial sector through market mechanisms and supported by a fund to finance the 
recapitalisation of banks. 
On 17 May 2014, the FAP came to an end, which constituted an important moment for the evolution of the 
Portuguese economy. During the implementation period, there was significant progress in the correction of 
certain macroeconomic imbalances and various structural measures were adopted where needed. 
Notwithstanding this progress, the return to normal market conditions in respect of funding to the Portuguese 
economy required sustained productivity. Such productivity was also crucial to bringing about a reduction in 
the high level of unemployment observed in the Portuguese economy (which in 2013 reached a maximum 
annual average of 16.2 per cent., having started a downward trajectory in 2014 reaching 6.5 per cent. in 2019 
– a downward trajectory that, however, will be strongly reversed in 2020, reflecting the current coronavirus 
crisis). 
Following its exit from the FAP, Portugal became subject to Post-Programme Surveillance by the EC and the 
ECB and to Post-Programme Monitoring by the IMF. 
Portugal’s debt-to-GDP ratio declined in 2019 to 117.2 per cent. of gross domestic product ("GDP"), 
representing the third consecutive year of decline in the debt ratio (121.5 per cent. in 2018), after the 131.5 
per cent. peak observed in 2016. However, the debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to increase this year, reflecting 
the impact of the Covid-19 crisis, on economic activity and public finances, a behaviour that, moreover, 
should be observed throughout the world. Given the current high level of government debt, Portugal still 
appears to face high fiscal sustainability risks in the medium-term. However, in the long-term, Portugal faced 
low fiscal sustainability risks, particularly due to the positive structural primary balances that Portugal have 
been observing since 2012 and that now will only be interrupted because of the current Covid-19 crisis.  
In addition, after three years of recession, the Portuguese economy returned to growth in 2014 (+0.8 per 
cent.), having continued the process of gradual recovery during the following years, with 1.8 per cent. growth 
in 2015 and 2.0 per cent. in 2016, and accelerated strongly in 2017 to 3.5 per cent. (the strongest growth rate 
since 2000: +3.8 per cent.), but having decelerated in 2018, with GDP having grown by 2.8 per cent., and 
again in 2019, with growth of 2.2 per cent. The growth of the economy in 2019 only reflected the positive 
contribution of domestic demand of 2.7 percentage points, with the reduction of this contribution (+3.1 
percentage points. in 2018) primarily reflecting the slowdown of private consumption, but also the slight 
deceleration of public consumption, with gross fixed capital formation (“GFCF”) having accelerated and the 
investment in inventories maintaining its positive contribution. 
However, after a few years of relatively high growth, the estimate of a strong negative impact of the 
coronavirus pandemic on the activities most related to tourism, as well as on the remaining activities (namely 
after the emergency measures adopted since mid-March), resulted in a strong decrease in the country's growth 
prospects, which will lead to a recession in 2020, as in most world economies. In fact, Portugal’s economy 
had been performing strongly up until the end of February 2020, but the economic situation changed 
dramatically in March when the Covid-19 pandemic hit. Portuguese Government announced containment 
measures on 12 March and a state of emergency on 18 March with further restrictions on mobility. Many 
businesses suspended operations, with tourism being the hardest hit. The European Commission projected a 
contraction of 9.3 per cent. in 2020 (on 5 November 2020), while the IMF points (13 October 2020) to a

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
more intense contraction of 10.0 per cent., with both entities predicting a return to growth after 2021 (to +5.4 
per cent. and +6.5 per cent. respectively), but with activity levels not recovering in that year all the losses 
observed in 2020, with the crisis of Covid-19. 
It should be noted, however, that this is a global recession and not just country specific. In the recent World 
Economic Outlook ("WEO") of October 2020, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimated the likely 
scale of the impact of the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic to be a 4.4 per cent. contraction of the 
world economy in 2020 (-3.0 per cent. in the update made in April), followed by a partial recovery based on 
a 5.2 per cent increase of GDP in the following year (+5.8 per cent. in April). This is a considerable downward 
revision, as in the update made in January, when the outbreak was still practically confined to China, the IMF 
projected an economic expansion of 3.3 per cent. in 2019 and 3.6 per cent. in the following year. The IMF 
noted that this would be the first time in almost a century that the advanced economies and the emerging 
markets would be simultaneously in recession. The IMF forecasts, for example, that the Eurozone as a whole 
should contract by 8.3 per cent. this year (the European Commission projected -7.8 per cent.). The IMF 
stressed in one of its last WEO (April) that the world changed dramatically during the first months after the 
pandemic began, highlighting that this is a crisis like no other, pointing to three reasons for such: i) the 
economic decline caused by the health crisis shall be deeper than the losses that triggered the financial crisis 
of 2007/08; ii) as in a war or political crisis, severe uncertainty persists on the intensity and duration of this 
economic shock; iii) this is a crisis in which it is much more difficult to put in place economic stimulus 
measures than other crises, because the economic paralysis arises precisely from the containment measures 
enforced. 
In terms of the main risks and uncertainties for economic growth, it should be noted that, in the updating of 
the WEO of the IMF in October, the focus of the risks and uncertainties continued to be completely dominated 
by the Covid-19 pandemic. The IMF stated that the uncertainty surrounding the baseline projection is 
unusually large. The forecast rests on public health and economic factors that are inherently difficult to 
predict. A first layer relates to the path of the pandemic, the needed public health response, and the associated 
domestic activity disruptions, most notably for contact-intensive sectors. Another source of uncertainty is the 
extent of global spillovers from soft demand, weaker tourism, and lower remittances. A third set of factors 
comprises financial market sentiment and its implications for global capital flows. Moreover, there is 
uncertainty surrounding the damage to supply potential – which will depend on the persistence of the 
pandemic shock, the size and effectiveness of the policy response, and the extent of sectoral resource 
mismatches. Progress with vaccines and treatments, as well as changes in the workplace and by consumers 
to reduce transmission, may allow activity to return more rapidly to pre-pandemic levels than currently 
projected, without triggering repeated waves of infection. In addition, an extension of fiscal countermeasures 
into 2021 could lift growth above the forecast, which factors in only the measures implemented and 
announced so far. However, the risk of worse growth outcomes than projected remains sizable. If the virus 
resurges, progress on treatments and vaccines is slower than anticipated, or countries’ access to them remains 
unequal, economic activity could be lower than expected, with renewed social distancing and tighter 
lockdowns. Considering the severity of the recession and the possible withdrawal of emergency support in 
some countries, rising bankruptcies could compound job and income losses. Deteriorating financial sentiment 
could trigger a sudden stop in new lending (or failure to roll over existing debt) to vulnerable economies. 
Moreover, cross-border spillovers from weaker external demand could amplify the impact of country-specific 
shocks.  
Therefore, for the Portuguese economy, the risks and uncertainties remain also completely dominated by the 
developments and estimates of real impact of the Covid-19.  
With respect to the labour market, the unemployment rate decreased from 7.0 per cent. in 2018 to 6.5 per 
cent. in 2019, continuing the trend of reduction from the historical peak reached at the beginning of 2013 
(17.5 per cent.), but unemployment should increase significantly in 2020. The sudden drop in economic 
activity since March 2020 led to a sharp increase in unemployment registrations, despite the significant job-
support measures enacted. Many of the job cuts are likely to be temporary, but the expected slow recovery in 
tourism and related services is likely to have a negative impact on labour demand over a longer period. In

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
the last European Commission’s projections (on 5 November 2020), the unemployment rate is set to rise from 
6.5 per cent. in 2019 to about 8.0 per cent in 2020 before improving to around 7.7 per cent. in 2021, whereas, 
for the IMF (13 October 2020), the unemployment rate is expected to rise to 8.1 per cent. in 2020 and then 
decrease to 7.7 per cent. in 2021. 
On the other hand, the average rate of change of the Portuguese consumer price index (“CPI”) was 0.3 per 
cent. in 2019, declining from the 1.0 per cent. in 2018 (compared to 1.4 per cent. in 2017, 0.6 per cent. in 
2016, 0.5 per cent. in 2015 and -0.3 per cent. in 2014), with core inflation (excluding energy, food and tobacco 
prices) at 0.5 per cent. in 2018 (compared to 0.7 per cent. in 2018 and 1.1 per cent. in 2017). When considering 
the harmonised consumer prices index (“HCPI”), in 2019, annual headline inflation remained low at 0.3 per 
cent., mainly driven by a significant decline in energy prices. The negative contribution of energy prices is 
expected to be even more pronounced in 2020. At the same time, the government’s containment measures 
and the subsequent limits to the supply of labour and production capacities may generate inflationary 
pressures in certain goods, such as food and healthcare products. However, downward pressures are expected 
to prevail and inflation is set to be slightly negative in 2020 (the European Commission points to -0.1 per 
cent. and the IMF to 0.0 per cent.). 
In Portugal, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were marked by a strong decrease in the country risk, reflected in the 
reduction of the spread of 10-year Portuguese Government bonds, a favourable trend that was maintained in 
2019. GDP has grown more than anticipated and the unemployment rate has fallen more than expected, with 
better prospects for meeting the budget targets. In recent years, Portugal started a process of fiscal adjustment, 
despite the sharp increase in the deficit observed in 2017, caused by the recapitalisation of Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos (“CGD”). Indeed, following the budget deficit of 1.9 per cent. of GDP in 2016, in decline from 
the 4.4 per cent. deficit in 2015 – a reduction which benefited from some extraordinary effects – the budget 
deficit in 2017 amounted to 3.0 per cent. of GDP, representing an annual deterioration of the balance of 1.1 
percentage point, mainly due to the impact of the recapitalisation of CGD. This positive performance 
continued in 2018, a year in which the deficit fell to 0.3 per cent., and for 2019, a year in which it was 
registered a budget surplus of 0.1 per cent. of GDP, representing the largest budget balance of the entire 
democratic history of Portugal. However, the budget balance is expected to worsen this year, reflecting the 
impact of the Covid-19 crisis. 
Other favourable developments contributed to the reduction of the country risk during 2017, 2018 and 2019, 
such as Portugal's exit from the Excessive Deficit Procedure (“EDP”), positive developments in 
unemployment, general economic growth and favourable prospects for the achievement of budgetary targets. 
On 9 September 2017, Standard & Poor's increased the Portuguese Republic's rating to the first level of 
investment grade with a favourable outlook, and, on 15 September 2018, maintained the rating but improved 
the outlook from stable to positive. In turn, on 15 December 2017, Fitch increased its rating to two levels 
above "junk" maintaining the positive outlook, and reiterated this rating on 1 June 2018. On 12 October 2018, 
Moody’s upgraded the Portuguese Republic's domestic and foreign long-term issuer rating one level above 
"junk" from Ba1 to Baa3, whereas the outlook has been changed from positive to stable. This update was 
driven by (1) Portugal's high general government debt move to a sustainable, albeit gradual, downward trend, 
with limited risks of reversal; and (2) the increased economic resilience following the broadening of 
Portugal's growth drivers and a structurally improved external position. More recently, on 4 October 2019, 
DBRS increased the Portuguese Republic's rating from BBB to BBB (high) with outlook stable (reiterated 
on 18 September 2020) and, on 13 September 2019, Standard & Poor's maintained the Portuguese Republic's 
rating at BBB, changing the outlook from stable to positive, but then return to stable on 24 April 2020 
(reiterated on 11 September 2020). This followed on from Moody's, on 9 August 2019, holding the 
Portuguese Republic's rating at Baa3, changing the outlook from stable to positive (reiterated on 11 
September 2020), and Fitch maintaining the Portuguese Republic's rating at BBB, changing the outlook from 
stable to positive, on 24 May 2019 (reiterated on 22 November 2019, on 17 April 2020 and on 22 May 2020).  
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation, and private and public debt levels remain high. In fact, as 
already mentioned, the year 2020 will even be marked by an increase in the public debt ratio, reflecting the 
impact of the Covid-19 crisis, on economic activity and public finances. It is still unclear whether the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
Portuguese economy will begin to recover in a sustainable way (after recover from the impact of Covid-19 
crisis), particularly through an increase in investment. The control of the pandemic throughout the next 
months will be very important for the Portuguese tourism sector to recover part of the lost reserves, and 
Portugal, due to the fact that it has been less affected by the pandemic compared to two other Southern Europe 
tourism destinations (Spain and Italy), should also end up seeing a relatively faster recovery of this important 
sector.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS 
 
The Residential Mortgage Business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is one of Portugal's largest residential mortgage lenders, a business it was authorised to develop 
long before the market was liberalised in 1991. In spite of the strong competition that followed that event, 
the Issuer has been able to maintain its market position and its recognition as a major player in this business. 
With the aim of defending its position as a mortgage specialist, focus is given to the quality of the service 
provided to its customer base, along with the adoption of rigorous, ethical and transparent practices. 
Origination 
All of the Issuer’s residential mortgage loans are originated at the branch level. This may take place as a 
result of direct contact with borrowers, or via proposals submitted to the Issuer by real estate agents. In each 
case, the client will have to go to the branch to follow the standard application and approval process. 
Credit Decision 
The Issuer has adapted product policies applied before the financial crisis that included decreasing loan- to-
value ratios and maturities as well as introducing less flexible repayment schemes. 
The Issuer has refocused its strategic guidelines for mortgage lending, focusing on credit decisions, 
delinquency loans and customer profitability. 
In Portugal, most residential mortgage loans pay interest on a floating rate basis, indexed to 3, 6 and 12 
month Euribor (being the 12 month the current benchmark) with a spread depending on the loan-to-value 
ratio and the relevant clients’ scoring under Basel II rules. While most banks offer fixed or capped rate 
alternatives, Portuguese borrowers have shown little interest in these types of products. The potential 
evolution of installments and the impact on delinquency are considered in the Issuer’s credit decision. 
In order to prevent future increases in Euribor and over indebtedness, the Issuer stresses the financial 
customer capacity evaluation for new loans by adding 300 basis points to the standard loan rate (ie to the 
Euribor plus spread applicable to the loan). 
Additionally, the Issuer uses the risk-adjusted pricing, a model in credit decision which seeks to respond to 
market developments and the requirements of Basel II. 
This model comprises client scoring, which assesses the risk level of clients from a wide range of variables, 
such as socio-demographic, economic and financial and relationship ones. Additionally, the Issuer is 
applying a consistent rise in pricing, better adjusted to client risk. 
Underwriting 
Mortgage loans applications are submitted by customers at the local branches. At the branch of the 
commercial area, the information required in accordance with internal credit rules (i.e. financing 
application, identity documents, informative questionnaires and official documents evidencing the 
customer's income) is collected, checked and entered into the "Credit Scoring System". This system 
automatically checks whether there is any relevant information on the customer stored in internal and/or 
external databases and checks the application against the main credit policies/rules (i.e. Loan-to- Value, 
Debt-to-Income). 
The Credit Analysis Department (an independent area of the Commercial Department) issues a binding 
opinion in the second and third levels of decision. 
The proposals are submitted through a workflow system that automatically validates the competent level 
for decision. The approval of housing loans is the responsibility of four levels of management, involving 
the Branch, the Regional Department and Credit Analysis Department, the Commercial Manager and the 
Credit Analysis Manager and the Executive Board.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
The limits depend on the score and Loan to Value (LTV): 
1st Level: Branch (Loan amount limit): €125,000 to €200,000 (highest to the lowest risk score) 
and LTV not higher than 80 per cent. 
2nd Level: Regional Department and Credit Risk Department: €200,000 to €450,000 and LTV 
not higher than 80 per cent. 
3rd Level: Commercial Manager and the Risk Analysis Manager: €450,000 to €1,000,000 
4th Level: Executive Board: Other cases 
Once a decision has been made by the relevant decision level, the customer is formally informed by mail. 
Insurance Cover 
Property insurance coverage is required in respect of any property which is the subject of a mortgage loan. 
The existence of fire or multi-risk insurance is compulsory for an amount equal to the property 
reconstruction value and with an insurance company approved by the Issuer. 
Life insurance is also compulsory, for an amount at least equal to the value of the loan and for all the 
borrowers, which, in case of death or permanent invalidity of the borrower, guarantees the payment of the 
outstanding capital to the Issuer. 
Security Interests 
Loans are secured by first ranking mortgage over the property to be purchased. In exceptional cases, this 
may be replaced by a guarantee over another property or by a pledge of securities/deposits. 
Mortgage Products 
Under the laws of the Portuguese Republic, the term of any mortgage contract may exceed 30 years. The 
Issuer’s underwriting criteria include a maximum term of 40 years, however the age of the borrower on the 
maturity date cannot be greater than 75 years. All loans must be repaid in instalments (comprising interest 
and principal) and paid by direct debit (the system automatically debits the customer's current account 
associated with the loan), usually on a monthly basis. 
The majority of residential mortgage loans pay interest on a floating rate basis, indexed to 3, 6 or 12 month 
EURIBOR, plus a spread, depending on the LTV ratio and on the risk class assigned by the scoring system. 
In order to mitigate the risk, the underwriting criteria for mortgage loans was revised, pursuant to which 
LTV and debt-to-income ratios are kept at a maximum of 80 per cent. and 50 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
In the most recent years, the improvements in households’ disposable income and the more favourable 
outlook for both price developments in residential immovable property and the economic environment 
contributed to an increase in the mortgage loans origination although well below the levels seen before 
2007 which registered an annual mortgage loan origination above €2bn. 
Monitoring 
The Issuer proceeds to the monitoring of the credit portfolio on a monthly basis. In that process, the Issuer 
closely analyzes the performance of a number of indicators, which include the risk ratios and a set of quality 
indicators, such as debt to income, the loan-to-value ratio, and the risk class. The Issuer also performs 
regular revisions to the scoring models, in order to guarantee their accuracy. For that purpose, a number of 
indicators are analysed, such as the overrides and the acceptance and rejection rates. 
Delinquency management in the mortgage business 
For the Issuer, the residential mortgage business requires a strict and consistent management of 
delinquency, using multiple solutions to prevent and mitigate non-performing loans. 
Early detection of delinquency situations led to the creation of the concept of a client in financial distress. 
A customer is in financial distress when the client records a default within the Issuer, or when the client 
shows difficulty in paying expenses, even if the customer is not yet in default. In either circumstance, 
typically, the client has had a reduction of disposable income, meaning an increase in the debt-to-income 
ratio when compared to that observed at the time of underwriting. 
For these clients, the Issuer has enhanced its information systems in order to detect customers (i) with a 
partial delay in paying of at least one mortgage installment; (ii) using the total overdraft limit negotiated in 
a two-month period; (iii) using the full credit limit in credit cards at least once in the last 6 months; 
(iv) with an indication of credit written-off, non-performing loans or credit renegotiation in Bank of 
Portugal’s systems. 
It also detects customers whose payments, by direct debit, are lagging behind or whose debit payments have 
been cleared. 
New legislation relating to default situations within the context of residential loan agreements was 
established from 2012 onwards, which resulted in the adoption of new concepts for the characterisation of 
customers who are in economic difficulty and new measures aimed at preventing default and promoting 
extrajudicial renegotiation of loans, applicable to credit institutions. 
Like other Banks, the Issuer has implemented the Pre-arrears Action Plan (PARI), with new rules, 
procedures and measures which allow for: early detections of signs of delinquency risk, implementing

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
systems to identify default risk; control of borrowers who report financial difficulties; the adoption of 
measures to prevent arrears; the evaluation of evidence of default risk; repayment solutions proposals, 
whenever the risk of failure is caused by temporary and specifically defined circumstances; evaluation of 
the financial capacity of the client; contract restructuring or credit agreements consolidation proposals, in 
cases where the risk of default is assumed to be permanent. 
The Issuer has also created an extrajudicial settlement procedure for borrowers in default situation (PERSI), 
with several measures intended to automatically detect customers in default and propose timely contractual 
changes and restructurings, including: the notification of customer arrears and amounts due, to the borrower 
and guarantors; registration of the reasons for non-compliance and assessment of the financial capacity of 
the client; reporting clients about the evaluation of failure; contractual remedies proposals, adequate to each 
borrower’s financial situation. 
Arrears management in Pre-Litigation 
The arrears management in the first 60 (sixty) days is performed at branch level. At the first missed 
payment, letters are sent to debtors and guarantors requesting repayment of overdue amounts. The 
commercial network is informed of the arrears and is encouraged to contact customers for the respective 
regularization. New settlement plans draw-up and decision about them for loans in arrears with less than 1 
month, followed by a closely monitoring of the loans performance under the revised settlement plans. 
Contacts are also made via Contact Centre at the 10th, 30th and 45th day of arrears. Scripts are different, 
becoming more assertive as the time in arrears increases. 
All phone contacts are recorded and registered in a dedicated credit recovery software (SIRA), and if 
necessary, meetings are scheduled between the borrowers / guarantors and the respective branches. 
The Issuer also developed software and proceedings for dealing with the customers that are eligible for 
PERSI-Extrajudicial Procedure Default Situations Regularization (Decree-Law no. 227/2012, of 25 
October) namely whenever the Client alerts about the risk of default, transmit facts indicating the 
deterioration of its financial capacity or explicitly request the inclusion in PERSI. For the remaining 
customers PERSI is triggered after 31 (thirty-one) days in arrears. 
After 60 (sixty) days in arrears the process is monitored by the Credit Recovery Division. Within the scope 
of the ongoing transformation project, a new organization structure was implemented and new credit 
delegation rules were put in place, reducing the decision process cycle. Additionaly it were implemented a 
set of predefined cure approaches based on a decision tree process, on a loan by loan basis, tailored to each 
segment and credit features, differentiating short term from medium to long term approaches. 
Several letters are sent to the borrowers and guarantors, as well as outbound calls to the borrowers and 
guarantors, notifying them on the delinquent status of the loan and advising about a new channel for 
payments (via net banking and ATM’s) in addition to the standard direct debit procedure. In the following 
30 (thirty) days, every legal steps provided for in PERSI are implemented, including contacts, letters and 
negotiations to deal with the delinquency. Applicable solutions have a wide scope and can take several 
forms, including: 
➢ Short-term treatment 
• 
Regularization plans for credit recovery; 
• 
Contractual changes with grace periods of principal; 
• 
Contractual changes with grace periods of principal and interest; 
➢ Long-term treatment 
• 
Extension of the contractual maturity; 
• 
Deferring part of principal outstanding for the final installment; 
• 
Customer's debt restructuring through a new contract with new warranties and / or

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
guarantors; 
➢ Last attempt treatment 
• 
Credit reimbursement by selling the collateral to a third party; 
• 
Taking back the property (deed in lieu); 
• 
Integration into real estate rental funds 
 
In addition to DRC's internal teams, the Issuer uses the services of external extrajudicial recovery specialized 
companies. These companies are paid only if credit is recovered. Communication with the companies is made 
daily in both directions, based on electronic means through a secure server (FTPs - File Transfer Protocol 
Secure) using interface files with the data for the recovering process.  
After 180 (one hundred and eighty) days in arrears, if it is not possible to reach an agreement with the 
customer, then the legal process is initiated. Due to the current economic situation and to the households’ 
difficulties this period may be extended, if necessary. 
Arrears Management - litigation 
External law firms no matter the process complexity and/or exposure amount perform the judicial recovery. 
The exchange of information with these law firms is performed on a daily basis through a secure server (FTPs 
- File Transfer Protocol Secure) using interface files with the data and scanned documents. Bearing in mind 
that the aim of DRC is to settle the defaulted mortgage loans mainly out of the court, even at this stage a 
settlement out of court is still possible. 
Covered Bond Programme - main characteristics 
The table below shows the main characteristics of the Covered Bond Programme, as of 30 September 2020 
(the full version of the quarterly Investor Report as well as any future quarterly updates thereto are available 
for consultation at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations-funding-programmes). 
 
Covered Bonds Issues 
Issue Date Coupon 
Maturity Date Remaining Term (Yr) Nominal Amount 
Covered Bonds Outstanding 
 
 
 
3.72 
2,300,000,000 
Syndicated Covered Bonds Issues 
  
  
  
  
  
Series 10   (ISIN PTCMGTOM0029) 17/10/2017 
Fixed Rate 
17/10/2022 
2.05 
750,000,000 
Series 11   (ISIN 
PTCMGAOM0038) 
14/11/2019 
Fixed Rate 
14/11/2024 
4.12 
500,000,000 
Private Placements Covered Bonds Issues 
  
  
 
 
Series 6   (ISIN PTCMGEOE0034) 
09/11/2016 Floating Rate 
09/11/2023 
3.11 
300,000,000 
Series 8   (ISIN PTCMGFOE0033) 
16/03/2016 Floating Rate 
16/12/2026 
6.21 
500,000,000 
Series 9   (ISIN PTCMGSOM0020) 
22/05/2017 Floating Rate 
22/05/2024 
3.64 
250,000,000

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
  
Main Characteristics 
 
Number of Loans 
59,237 
Aggregate Original Principal Balance (EUR) 
4,521,311,830.32 
Aggregate Current Principal Balance (EUR) 
2,730,590,897.14 
Average Original Principal Balance per loan (EUR) 
76,325.81 
Average Current Principal Balance per loan (EUR) 
46,096.04 
Current principal balance of the 5 largest borrowers (EUR) 
4,414,362.67 
Weight of the 5 largest borrowers (current principal balance) % 
0.16% 
Current principal balance of the 10 largest borrowers (EUR) 
7,416,649.85 
Weight of the 10 largest borrowers (current principal balance) % 
0.27% 
Weighted Average Seasoning (months) 
134.23 
Weighted Average Remaining Term (months) 
263.22 
Weighted Average Current Unindexed LTV5 (%) 
50.87% 
Weighted Average Current Indexed LTV5 (%) 
n.a. 
Weighted Average Interest Rate (%) 
1.177% 
Weighted Average Spread (%) 
1.358% 
Max Maturity Date (yyyy-mm-dd) 
02/07/2064 
Subsidized Loans 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Yes 
2,682 
4.53% 
59,466,819 
2.18% 
No 
56,555 
95.47% 
2,671,124,078 
97.82% 
Insured Property 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Yes 
59,237 
100.00% 
2,730,590,897 
100.00% 
No 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Interest Rate Type 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Fixed 
3,735 
6.31% 
184,467,948 
6.76% 
Floating 
55,502 
93.69% 
2,546,122,950 
93.24% 
Repayment Type 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Annuity / French 
58,823 
99.30% 
2,713,547,822 
99.38% 
Linear 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Increasing instalments 
167 
0.28% 
7,544,015 
0.28% 
Bullet 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Interest-only 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Other 
247 
0.42% 
9,499,059 
0.35% 
 
Seasoning 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Up to 1 year 
1,981 
3.34% 
178,893,788 
6.55% 
1 to 2 years 
2,164 
3.65% 
178,983,240 
6.55% 
2 to 3 years 
1,905 
3.22% 
151,470,867 
5.55% 
3 to 4 years 
1,967 
3.32% 
147,245,491 
5.39% 
4 to 5 years 
1,240 
2.09% 
87,818,469 
3.22%

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
5 to 6 years 
1,269 
2.14% 
79,123,112 
2.90% 
6 to 7 years 
923 
1.56% 
58,096,345 
2.13% 
7 to 8 years 
755 
1.27% 
46,656,742 
1.71% 
8 to 9 years 
621 
1.05% 
35,756,414 
1.31% 
9 to 10 years 
1,148 
1.94% 
69,173,165 
2.53% 
10 to 11 years 
1,979 
3.34% 
114,441,265 
4.19% 
11 to 12 years 
1,953 
3.30% 
97,539,295 
3.57% 
More than 12 years 
41,332 
69.77% 
1,485,392,704 
54.40% 
Remaining Term 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Up to 5 years 
5,213 
8.80% 
45,920,498 
1.68% 
5 to 8 years 
5,869 
9.91% 
124,038,434 
4.54% 
8 to 10 years 
6,760 
11.41% 
180,117,618 
6.60% 
10 to 12 years 
6,955 
11.74% 
234,661,289 
8.59% 
12 to 14 years 
4,106 
6.93% 
157,822,165 
5.78% 
14 to 16 years 
2,663 
4.50% 
120,118,200 
4.40% 
16 to 18 years 
2,281 
3.85% 
112,817,352 
4.13% 
18 to 20 years 
2,719 
4.59% 
149,075,539 
5.46% 
20 to 22 years 
2,478 
4.18% 
146,798,684 
5.38% 
22 to 24 years 
3,127 
5.28% 
190,308,830 
6.97% 
24 to 26 years 
4,588 
7.75% 
286,429,742 
10.49% 
26 to 28 years 
2,831 
4.78% 
197,014,047 
7.22% 
28 to 30 years 
2,470 
4.17% 
188,133,185 
6.89% 
30 to 40 years 
7,129 
12.03% 
592,869,482 
21.71% 
More than 40 years 
48 
0.08% 
4,465,831 
0.16% 
Current Unindexed LTV 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Up to 40% 
28,870 
48.74% 
819,739,335 
30.02% 
40 to 50% 
9,406 
15.88% 
456,093,592 
16.70% 
50 to 60% 
7,361 
12.43% 
456,819,080 
16.73% 
60 to 70% 
7,624 
12.87% 
515,484,225 
18.88% 
70 to 80% 
5,976 
10.09% 
482,454,665 
17.67% 
More than 80% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Loan Purpose 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Owner-occupied 
53,127 
89.69% 
2,431,860,483 
89.06% 
Second Home  
3,871 
6.53% 
197,712,218 
7.24% 
Buy to Let 
816 
1.38% 
37,594,859 
1.38% 
Other 
1,423 
2.40% 
63,423,338 
2.32% 
Property Type 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
Residential 
59,237 
100.00% 
2,730,590,897 
100.00% 
Flat 
45,590 
76.96% 
1,877,277,880 
68.75% 
House 
13,647 
23.04% 
853,313,017 
31.25% 
Other 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Commercial 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Geographical Distribution 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
Portugal 
59,237 
100.00% 
2,730,590,897 
100.00% 
North 
18,195 
30.72% 
757,857,256 
27.75% 
Center 
9,771 
16.49% 
434,722,700 
15.92% 
Lisbon 
19,983 
33.73% 
988,320,661 
36.19% 
Alentejo 
3,013 
5.09% 
142,161,629 
5.21% 
Algarve 
3,775 
6.37% 
183,578,999 
6.72% 
Madeira 
1,586 
2.68% 
81,756,852 
2.99% 
Azores 
2,914 
4.92% 
142,192,801 
5.21% 
Delinquencies 
   Number of Loans  % Total Loans 
Amount of Loans 
% Total Amount 
> 30 to 60 days 
16 
0.03% 
819,745 
0.03% 
> 60 to 90 days 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
> 90 days 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00%

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW 
 
The following is a brief overview of Portuguese legal provisions applicable to the issuance of Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should seek their own independent legal advice. 
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese law. 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by secondary legislation issued by the Bank of Portugal 
(the “Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices”), which comprises both regulatory notices (“Avisos”) and 
instructions. The Bank of Portugal Regulations address matters such as the segregation of the assets included 
in the cover pool assets from the insolvent estate of the issuer in the event of insolvency, the compliance with 
asset and liability matching requirements and the methodology for valuation of mortgages and properties, 
namely: 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for mortgage credits comprised 
in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Law; 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered bonds 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and published on 11 October 
2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution which has issued 
covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
Instruction (“Instrução”) no.13/2006, of the Bank of Portugal, contains rules to be followed in respect 
of notices to the Bank of Portugal regarding the issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds 
Law. Prior to a first issuance of covered bonds, and on each subsequent issuance, an Institution is 
required to provide the Bank of Portugal with certain documentation and information, including a 
chart showing the detailed composition of the autonomous pool of assets allocated to the covered 
bonds. 
 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Mortgage covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) may be issued by credit institutions (the 
“Institutions”) legally authorised to grant credits guaranteed by mortgages over property and having own 
funds amounting to no less than €7,500,000. Institutions can either be universal credit institutions (“Credit 
Institutions”) or special credit institutions incorporated under the Covered Bonds Law specialising in the 
issuance of covered bonds (the “Mortgage Credit Institutions” and together with the Credit Institutions, 
the “Institutions”). 
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Credit Institution, there are no restrictions to its banking activities and it 
may issue covered bonds directly maintaining the underlying cover pool on its balance sheet. 
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Mortgage Credit Institution, its authorised banking activity is restricted to 
granting and acquiring (i) credits guaranteed by mortgages, (ii) credits to, or guaranteed by, the central public 
administration, regional or local authorities of any European Union member state. Mortgage Credit 
Institutions may thus issue covered bonds backed by credits originated by itself or otherwise acquired from 
third party originators.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
If covered bonds are issued by a Mortgage Credit Institution backed by credits acquired from a third party 
originator, the cover assets must be transferred to the Mortgage Credit Institution and, if such Mortgage 
Credit Institution is wholly-owned by such originator, the assets and liabilities relating to the relevant issue 
of covered bonds and the related cover pool will be consolidated with such originator. However, it is also 
possible for a Mortgage Credit Institution to have multiple owners, in which case the issues of covered bonds 
and the allocated cover pool may or may not be consolidated with the originator of the relevant credits. 
An Institution must manage its cover pool as well as any properties that it may acquire as a result of the 
enforcement of delinquent mortgage credits. Institutions may also undertake certain activities necessary to 
obtain additional liquidity. 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of an Institution, the cover pool over which the holders 
of covered bonds have a special creditor privilege will be segregated from the insolvent estate of such 
Institution and will form a separate estate, i.e. an autonomous pool of assets managed in favour and to the 
benefit of the holders of covered bonds and other preferred creditors as specified in the Covered Bonds Law. 
In this respect, the Covered Bonds Law thus establishes a special regime which prevails over general 
Portuguese insolvency rules. 
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of the 
insolvent Institution, the holders of covered bonds will also rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent Institution. 
COVER ASSETS 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions, nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an European Union member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all mortgage credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate insurance 
policy, in each case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) above. 
“Other Assets” Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the European Union member states whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal 
Regulatory Notices. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which, 
for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law, are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential 
property. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Fitch and/or 
Moody’s a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by 
such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, namely to hedge interest 
rate, foreign exchange rate and liquidity risks. The Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices contain certain rules 
governing the limits and conditions for the use of these hedging contracts. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Institution may be required, or may otherwise decide 
to, include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer comply with 
the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, an Institution is required by the Covered Bonds Law to maintain a register of all the assets 
comprised in the cover pool, including hedging contracts and to have them identified through a code in the 
issue documents. The key to such code is deposited with the Bank of Portugal. 
VALUATION AND LOAN-TO-VALUE CRITERIA 
Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such valuations 
in accordance with the rules defined by the Bank of Portugal (in particular, pursuant to Regulatory Notice 
5/2006, which establishes rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of assets and derivatives). 
The maximum Loan to Value cannot exceed the value of the mortgages and is 80 per cent. for residential 
mortgages and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans. 
The value of each property securing a mortgage credit comprised in a cover pool may not be higher than the 
commercial value of such property, determined in accordance with a prudent criteria and taking into 
consideration: (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such property, (ii) the standard conditions of 
the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant property, and (iv) any alternative uses of each such 
property. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by an issuer of 
covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool may not be 
higher than the market value of the relevant properties. For these purposes, the market value of each property 
corresponds to the price by which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser, able to complete 
such purchase, (please refer to page 93 of this Base Prospectus) on the date of the valuation of such property, 
assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the market conditions allow for a regular transfer of 
the property and (iii) there is a normal period of time to negotiate the corresponding purchase and sale, 
considering the nature of the property. 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage 
credits included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency for such 
valuations, the appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and transitional 
provisions concerning valuations made prior the coming into force of the aforesaid Regulatory Notice.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices establish the following asset and 
liabilities matching requirements: 
• 
The global nominal value of the outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed 95 per cent. of 
the global value of the mortgage credits and other assets at any time comprised in the relevant cover 
pool (i.e., a mandatory overcollateralisation of 5.2632 per cent.). Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer is committed to an overcollateralisation of 9.0 per cent. which is 
higher than the 5.2632 per cent. threshold required by the Covered Bonds Law. For further 
information, refer to Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants); 
• 
The average maturity of outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed the average maturity of 
the mortgage credits and substitution assets allocated to the relevant issue of covered bonds; 
• 
The total amount of interest to be paid by an Institution under any covered bonds shall not exceed, at 
any point in time, the amount of interest to be collected from the mortgage credits and other assets 
comprised in the cover pool backing the relevant issue of covered bonds – this means, therefore, that 
under the Covered Bonds Law cash flows from the cover pool must at all times be sufficient to meet 
all scheduled payments due to the holders of covered bonds; 
• 
The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of covered bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law cannot exceed the net present value of the cover pool assigned to such covered bonds, 
including any hedging contracts also comprised in the cover pool. This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis points parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining financial 
and prudential requirements, Institutions are required to use the following criteria: 
(i) 
the mortgage credits shall be accounted for the nominal value of their outstanding principal, 
including any accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
the covered bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) in relation to any other assets: 
(a) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(b) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for a value which 
is obtained in accordance with margin calculation rules laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued but unpaid interests. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Institution must use the 
foreign exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
The Covered Bonds Law also contains rules regarding the management of the cover pool allocated to one 
or more issues of covered bonds, allowing the Institution, inter alia, to assign new mortgage credits to the 
cover pool. The Institution may also enter into irrevocable credit facilities for the provision of liquidity in 
connection with the liabilities arising under the covered bonds. The credit facility counterparty must have a 
minimum credit rating of “A-”. 
An Institution is entitled to enter into derivatives contracts to hedge interest, exchange rate and liquidity 
risks. These derivatives contracts are also included in the cover pool and the derivative counterparties (who 
also benefit from the special creditor privilege) have to be rated “A-” or above. If a particular issue of 
covered bonds is denominated in a currency other than the euro, the Institution must enter into adequate 
hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging the relevant currency exchange risk.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
If the limits and requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law are exceeded, the issuer is required to 
remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new mortgage credits, with or without substitution of 
those already allocated to the Covered Bonds; and/or (ii) purchasing outstanding covered bonds in the 
secondary market and/or (iii) allocating other eligible assets within the limits of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Institution and, if necessary to comply with 
the prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law, substituted by new mortgage credits. 
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or pledged if the Institution allocates new 
mortgage credits to the covered bonds sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and prudential 
requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Instruction 13/2006, of the Bank of Portugal, contains rules to be followed in respect of notices to the Bank 
of Portugal regarding the issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. Prior to a first issuance of 
covered bonds, and on each subsequent issuance, an Institution is required to provide the Bank of Portugal 
with certain documentation and information, including a chart showing the detailed composition of the 
autonomous pool of assets allocated to the covered bonds. On a monthly basis, the Institution is required to 
provide the Bank of Portugal with information on the number and amount of covered bonds outstanding 
and on any new issues of covered bonds and redemptions occurred. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND BANKING SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with the 
CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Institution of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the independent auditor is required to issue an annual report covering 
the compliance by the issuer with the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Also, a common representative of the holders of the covered bonds – common to all mortgage or public 
covered bond issues (“obrigações hipotecárias”) or (“obrigações sobre o sector público”) – must be 
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Institution in order to represent the interest of the holders of 
covered bonds. 
The Bank of Portugal and the CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision respectively. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation 
The assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Institution to the issues of covered bonds will remain and 
be registered in separate accounts of the Institution and will be identified under a codified form. The key to 
such code will be deposited with the Bank of Portugal. If the holders of covered bonds decide to accelerate 
the relevant covered bonds pursuant to article 4.5 of the Covered Bonds, the common representative of such 
holders shall request the Bank of Portugal to disclose the information associated to such code key. 
The assets included in the register maintained by the Institution will form a segregate estate over which the 
holders of the covered bonds will have a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial), in 
particular in case of the winding-up and/or the dissolution of the Institution. 
In the event of insolvency of the Institution, the assets allocated to one or more issues of covered bonds will 
be segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by a third party 
until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of covered bonds. In any case, and even if the Institution 
is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines that timely payments of interest and 
reimbursements under the covered bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
In the case of voluntary dissolution of an Institution, the plan for such dissolution and winding-up, which

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to article 35-A of the Credit Institutions General Regime, 
shall identify a Substitute Credit Institution appointed to (i) manage the relevant cover pool allocated to the 
covered bonds outstanding, and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to the holders of such 
covered bonds are made. Such plan shall also describe the general framework and conditions under which 
those actions will be rendered by the Substitute Credit Institution. 
If the authorisation of an Institution to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of Portugal 
shall, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, also appoint a Substitute Credit 
Institution to manage the relevant cover pool allocated to the covered bonds outstanding and to ensure that 
payments due to the holders of such covered bonds are made. 
In accordance with Regulatory Notice 8/2006, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of 
Portugal to service the cover pool following insolvency of the Institution shall: (i) immediately upon being 
appointed, prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the cover pool, supplemented by the 
corresponding explanatory notes; (ii) perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for the prudent 
management of the cover pool, including, without limitation, selling the mortgage credits comprised in the 
cover pool; ensuring the timely collection in respect of the mortgage assets comprised in the cover pool; 
and performing all other acts and administrative services in connection with such mortgage assets and 
related mortgages and additional security; (iii) maintain and keep updated a segregated register of the cover 
pool in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; and (iv) prepare an annual financial report in relation to 
the cover pool and the outstanding covered bonds, which report shall be the subject of an auditing report 
produced by an independent auditor who shall be appointed as cover pool monitor by the Substitute Credit 
Institution. 
Furthermore, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the cover pool 
following the insolvency of an Institution shall perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for 
maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under the mortgage credits comprised in the relevant cover 
pool. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege 
(privilégio creditório especial) over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other 
creditors, for the purpose of redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant 
covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any 
other real estate creditor’s privilege. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest 
and principal under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with 
unsecured creditors of the relevant Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the relevant 
counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over such 
cover pool. Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered 
bonds and, consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Institution. 
The remuneration costs and disbursements related with the tasks of the Common Representative will also 
benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) to the extent that the same are in 
line with the terms and conditions of the relevant issue. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of an Institution, a meeting 
of holders of covered bonds may decide, by a 2/3 (two thirds) majority vote, to accelerate the covered bonds, 
in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the estate allocated to the relevant issue 
in accordance with the provisions defined in the Covered Bonds Law and in the relevant terms and 
conditions that govern such issue.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
RISK-WEIGHTING & COMPLIANCE WITH EUROPEAN LEGISLATION 
Covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law are in compliance with the requirements 
of paragraph 4 of article 52 of the UCITS Directive as well as with subparagraphs (a) to (f) of paragraph 1 
of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no.575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”). The risk-weighting applicable to covered bonds is 
also governed by Article 129 of the CRR.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
TAXATION 
 
 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are 
deemed to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortization or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment income 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds or of any other debt securities are qualified as capital 
gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General tax regime on debt securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made 
available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income 
(englobamento), subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional 
surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. 
applicable on income exceeding €250,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is 
subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income 
is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
In this case, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Capital gains obtained 
by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed at a special tax rate of 28 per 
cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each year, which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applicable on 
income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income exceeding €250,000.  
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains obtained with the 
transfer of Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non resident legal 
persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are 
included in their taxable income and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (16.8 
per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as 
established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. (13.6 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores) for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 per cent. (16.8 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores) on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable 
income of more than € 1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (“derrama estadual”) of 3 per cent. on

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
the part of their taxable profits that exceeds € 1,500,000 up to € 7,500,000, of 5 per cent., on the part of the 
taxable profits that exceeds € 7,500,000 and 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds 
€35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is deemed 
a payment on account of the final tax due (except where the beneficiary is either a financial institution, a 
collective investment undertakings or an exempt entity as specified by current Portuguese tax law). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more resident accountholders or non resident accountholders with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final 
withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified 
and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non resident entities is the following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non resident individuals is subject to withholding 
tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more non resident accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third 
parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of 
the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will 
apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the “low 
tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non resident in Portugal without a 
Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more non resident accountholders without a permanent establishment in Portugal 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per 
cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax 
rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to legal persons 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the “low 
tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis”). 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes may be 
available for viewing and downloading at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non resident individuals are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region 
subject to a clearly more favorable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Ministerial order (“Portaria”) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos 
países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. 
directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold will not be 
applicable when the following cumulative conditions are met by the seller: (i) the entity at issue has its 
residence in the European Union or in the European Economic Area State or in any country with which 
Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees information exchange; (ii) such entity is subject and 
not exempt from IRC, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent of the Portuguese IRC 
rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights for at least 1 year uninterruptedly; 
and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificiales arrangements that have 
been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage) or if 
the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) no. 150/2004 
of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes 
de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be 
subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by 
case basis. 
Special Debt securities tax regime 
Pursuant to Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time, last amended by 
Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December 2016 (“Decree-law 193/2005”), investment income paid on, as well as 
capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of the Covered Bonds, to non-Portuguese resident 
beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt securities are integrated in 
(i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as 
the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity 
established in a member state of the European Union other than Portugal or in a European Economic Area 
Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an 
administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in 
relation to tax matters existing within the European Union Member States or (iii) integrated in other 
centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises 
the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(a) central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(b) international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
(c) entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or a 
tax information exchange agreement in force; or 
(d) other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 
(Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais 
favoráveis), as amended from time to time (hereinafter “Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 150/2004”). 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the 
provision of information to that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a Noteholder

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
is required to hold the Covered Bonds through an account with one of the following entities: 
(a) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
(b) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered 
entities”, is a client of the latter; or 
(c) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to clear, 
settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own registration 
systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the Noteholders 
in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
(a) Domestic Clearing Covered Bonds 
Registration of the Covered Bonds in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront 
and requires evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficiary, to be provided by the Noteholder to the 
direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income 
(rendimentos de capitais) and to the transfer of Covered Bonds, as follows: 
(i) 
if the beneficiary is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the 
Portuguese State, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the 
beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of 
non- residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is 
provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should 
inform the direct register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that 
may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(ii) 
if the beneficiary is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an insurance 
company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered 
into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its 
tax identification official document; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for 
such supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the 
beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence 
pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, 
its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct 
register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the 
tax exemption from applying; 
(iii) 
If a beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or a collective 
investment scheme domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty, certification shall be provided by means of any of the 
following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its 
registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, domicile 
and law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph 
(iii) below, so long as the beneficial owners of Covered Bonds provide the confirmation 
referred to in paragraph (iii) below. 
(iv) 
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: 
confirmation must be made by the relevant beneficial owner of Covered Bonds by way of 
(A) a certificate of residence or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities, 
(B) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad, or 
(C) a document specifically issued by an official entity taking part of the public 
administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant 
country; for these purposes, an identification document such as a passport or an identity 
card or document by means of which it is indirectly possible to presume the relevant tax

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) are not acceptable. The 
beneficiary must provide an original or a certified copy of such documents and, as a rule, if 
such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been issued 
within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the 
relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The Beneficiary 
must inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement 
conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption. 
(b) Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Covered Bonds are registered in an account 
held by an international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, on each 
interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct register entity or to its representative, 
and with respect to all accounts under its management, the identification and quantity of securities, as well 
as the amount of income, and, when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, segregated by the following 
categories of beneficiaries: 
(a) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(b) 
entities which have residence in country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, 
included in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order (Portaria) 
no. 150/2004) and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(c) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable, and which are exempt or not subject to withholding; 
(d) 
other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income generated by the securities would be imputable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with respect 
to the beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, should 
also be transmitted: 
(a) 
name and address; 
(b) 
tax identification number (if applicable); 
(c) 
identification and quantity of the securities held; and 
(d) 
amount of income generated by the securities. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree Law 
193/2005, as amended from time to time, last amended by Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December 2016. The 
refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Covered Bonds within 6 (six) months from 
the date the withholding took place. Following the amendments to Decree-Law 193/2005, introduced by 
Law no. 83/2013, of 9 December, a new special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order 
(Despacho) no. 2937/2014, published in the Portuguese official gazette, second series, no. 37, of 21 
February 2014 issued by the Secretary of State of Tax Affairs (Secretário de Estado dos Assuntos Fiscais). 
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed from the Portuguese tax 
authorities within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the withholding took place.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax 
(FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia 
(the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt.  
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and is the subject 
of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional European Union Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of 
Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 
December 2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank 
accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development in July 2014.  
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities of 
their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information 
regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing 
in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a 
different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. The 
information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of residence, tax 
identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the end of the calendar 
year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account during the calendar year; 
or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, dividends and any other income 
generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the 
account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or 
otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law no. 61/2013 of 10 May.  
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law no. 64/2016 of 11 October. 
Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the 
relevant Tax Authorities of European Union Member States or States which have signed the Multilateral 
Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the 
Common Reporting Standard. 
In view of the abovementioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial institution, 
the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by 
the Ministry of Finance, through Order no. 302-B/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order no. 302-C/2016 of 2 
December 2016, Order no. 302-D/2016 of 2 December 2016 and Order no. 302-E/2016 of 2 December 
2016, all as amended from time to time.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number 
of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru 
payments prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). 
However, if additional that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
 
 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO 
BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; 
(B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR 
MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE 
TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are 
initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer nor sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Covered Bonds, and that it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior 
to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution 
compliance period, a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
“The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “US Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a 
syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities 
Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer nor sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident in Japan, as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) received by 
it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to professional investors (“operatori qualificati”) as defined in Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”), as amended from time to time, and 
Article 34-ter of the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (“CONSOB”) Regulation no. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant 
to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation no. 16190 
of 29 October 2007 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in accordance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB 
or the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 (as amended) on insurance distribution (as amended from time to 
time), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA and the UK (each, a “Relevant 
State”), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC. 
Portugal 
In relation to the Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) the 
Covered Bonds may not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal under circumstances which are 
deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted 
by Decree-Law  486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended and restated from time to time) (or under any 
legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) unless the requirements 
and provisions applicable to the public offering in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval or 
passport procedures with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários, “CMVM”) is made; (ii) regarding any offer or sale of Covered Bonds by it in Portugal or to 
individuals resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment in Portugal, it will comply with all laws 
and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code (and any 
legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), any regulations issued 
by the CMVM, the Prospectus Regulation and Prospectus Delegated Regulations, as amended or superseded, 
and other than in compliance with all such laws and regulations; (iii) it has not directly or indirectly taken 
any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or 
delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, 
gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Covered Bonds in circumstances which 
could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code and 
other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment 
located in Portugal, as the case may be; (iv) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Covered Bonds to the public in Portugal.  
Private placements addressed by companies open to public investment (sociedades abertas) or by companies 
issuing securities listed on a regulated market shall be subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics 
purposes.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid 
and offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote 
bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the 
relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the 
relevant agreement. Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such 
agreements. A description of the main terms of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the 
relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer is an entity duly authorised to engage in financial transactions, through its Legal Entity Identifier 
Code is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537, last updated on 5 December 2019 and valid until 3 January 2021. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 26 June 2008 and 23 March 2016, in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Law. The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 18 June 2020. 
Listing 
Application has been made to list the Covered Bonds on Euronext Dublin and to admit the Covered Bonds 
to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance at Interbolsa, through the clearing systems to which 
it has adhered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as otherwise disclosed in "Risk Factors – Coronavirus impacting global economy and markets" and 
“Risk Factors – The potential impacts of COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks”, there has been 
no significant change in the financial position of Banco Montepio and/or the Group and no significant change 
in the financial performance of Banco Montepio since the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published, 30 September 2020. 
Save as otherwise disclosed in "Risk Factors – Coronavirus impacting global economy and markets" and 
“Risk Factors – The potential impacts of COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks”, there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco Montepio since 31 December 2019, the date of the last 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Legal and arbitration proceedings”, the Issuer is not involved in any legal, 
governmental or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 (twelve) months preceding the date on which this Base Prospectus 
was most recently supplemented which may have or have had a significant negative effect on the Issuer’s or 
the Group’s financial position or profitability thereof. 
StatutoryAuditors 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2018 was KPMG & Associados - 
SROC, S.A., registered at CMVM with the number 9098, the Head Office at Edifício Monumental, Av. Praia 
da Vitória, number 71-A, 11th floor, 1069-006 Lisbon. 
In the General Meeting held on 30 December 2015, KPMG & Associados - SROC, S.A., represented by Ana 
Cristina Soares Valente Dourado (ROC nº1011) was elected for the term 2016/2018, responsible for the audit 
and certification of the annual accounts during the two 12 month periods ended 31 December 2017 and 31 
December 2016, respectively. 
In July 2018 Ana Cristina Soares Valente Dourado (ROC no. 1011) was substituted by Hugo Jorge Gonçalves 
Cláudio (ROC no. 1597).

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 was PricewaterhouseCoopers & 
Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., registered at CMVM with the number 
20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 
Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos José Figueiredo 
Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), and was elected for the term 2019-2021 in the General meeting held on 27 May 
2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member 
of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
The financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 
were audited in accordance with IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
and 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-relations: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (including the by-laws) of the Issuer (Portuguese and English versions); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019 (Portuguese and English versions), in each case with the 
audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the unaudited consolidated results of the Issuer for the first half of 2020 (Portuguese and English 
versions); 
(d) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures dated 27 April 2017, as amended; 
(e) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement dated 18 November 2008, as amended and 
restated; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA or the UK nor offered in the EEA or the UK in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(h) 
in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the 
subscription agreement (or equivalent document). 
In relation to the documents referred to at (a), (b) and (c), the Issuers confirm that the translations 
thereof are true and accurate; however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and 
the English translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Electronic copy of this Base Prospectus 
Electronic copies of this Base Prospectus (and any supplements thereto) are available from the official 
website of the Issuer (www.bancomontepio.pt) and the official website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
Language of the Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within 
this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Covered 
Bonds, except if required by law, in which case such information will be disclosed at the Issuer’s website. 
Stabilising Manager 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in Definitions), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or perform transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilising Manager) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 (thirty) days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 (sixty) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Rating 
Certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus may be rated or unrated. Where 
an issue of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or 
assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established either in the European Union or in the UK 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies is published by ESMA on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not have any obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Data obtained through third party sources 
Where information is stated in this Base Prospectus to have been sourced from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The statements relating to market positions of the Issuer are based on calculations made by the Issuer using 
data produced by itself and/or obtained from other entities and which are contained or referred to in the 
Annual Report of the Issuer for 2018 and 2019, the semi-annual report for first half 2020, the semi-annual 
report for the first half 2020 and the press release with the announcement of the results as of 30 September 
2020 (available at www.cmvm.pt and www.bancomontepio.pt). 
Listing Agent scope 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Additional Security” means any other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of a Mortgage Credit. 
"Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by 
Euroclear S.A./N.V ("Euroclear Bank") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
for the purpose of holding such accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Agent” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A., with head office at Rua 
Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 27 April 
2017 and made and agreed by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. (acting 
in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying 
agent, transfer agent and agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Amount of Interest” means, following an Issuer Event, and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the interest amount payable in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Arranger” means NatWest Markets Plc and any other entity appointed as an arranger for the Programme 
and references in this Agreement to the Arranger shall be references to the relevant Arranger. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of overcollateralisation). 
“Auditor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
Lda., registered at CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon. 
“Available Funds” means any funds arising under the Cover Pool, including in result of any interest and 
principal payments under Mortgage Credits or any other assets that are part of the the Cover Pool, any sale 
proceeds of any Mortgage Credits or other assets that are part of the Cover Pool (for the avoidance of doubt, 
such amounts do not include any collateral that may be transferred under the Hedging Contracts), any 
hedging payment amounts paid by the hedging counterparty under the Hedging Contracts, any balances 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account, in all cases which are received 
by the Issuer between, and including, the sixth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the sixth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as calculated by the Agent pursuant to the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal 
regulating certain aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, 
Instruction 13/2006 and Regulatory Notice 8/2006. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 4 December 2020 prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
 “Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” comprises Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC. 
“CHF”, “Swiss francs” means Swiss francs, the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
“Clearing Systems” means clearing systems through which Interbolsa ensures the clearing according to its 
regulations and procedures, and, each, a “Clearing System”. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom, in its capacity as 
representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. or any successor common representative appointed by a Meeting of the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 18 November 2008 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds”. 
 “Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified in 
the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), registered with the CMVM with 
registration number 20161485, with its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, n.º1, 
3º, 1069-316, in Lisbon. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 12 December 2018 entered into between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended. 
“Covered Bond” means any conditional pass-through mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-law no. 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 16 September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) no. 513/2011 of the European Parliament and the 
Council and by Regulation (EU) 462/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
“Credit Institutions General Regime” or “RGICSF” means Decree-law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended from time to time. 
“CSD” means a central securities depositary. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of 
the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, DBRS Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Dealers” means each of BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral- Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Merrill Lynch International, Natixis, 
NatWest Markets Plc, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Agreement and excludes any entity whose 
appointment has been terminated pursuant to clause 10 of the Programme Agreement. 
“Default of Payment Event” means, in respect a Series of Covered Bonds, if such Series has not been 
repaid in full on its Maturity Date or on the following two Business Days, or if interest due under that Series 
has not been paid on any Interest Payment Date or on the following five Business Days. For the sake of

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
clarity, a Default of Payment Event will only occur if the relevant repayment (or interest payment, as 
applicable) is not done by the end of the following two (or five, as applicable) Business Days mentioned 
above. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
 “ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon, the official quotation market 
(“Mercado de Cotações Oficiais”) in Portugal. 
“Eurosystem” means the central banking system for the Euro. 
“Expenses” means the fees of and expenses due to the Common Representative, the fees of and expenses 
due to the SCI, including any expenses incurred by the SCI in connection with any actual or prospective 
disposals of Cover Pool assets, the fees of and expenses to cover for the maintenance and operating of the 
Reserve Account and the Programme Account, the fees and expenses of the Cover Pool Monitor, Covered 
Bonds listing costs and other costs that may be agreed and defined as “Expenses” for this purpose in the 
agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited, which is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such Fitch Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such Regulation. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GBP”, “£”or “pounds sterling” means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the 
Cover Pool. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it under Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event). 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered bonds 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date specified as interest payment date in the Final Terms of a Series 
of Covered Bonds and, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the first Business Day of each month, 
following such occurrence, for all the outstanding Series or for all the applicable Series in case of a Default 
of Payment Event. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
“Issuer Event” means an Insolvency Event or a Default of Payment Event. 
“Liquidity Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a 5 (five) day prior notice to the Liquidity Facility 
Provider of not having enough available funds to make the payment of the Amounts of Interest due on the 
Covered Bonds in the Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond. 
“Liquidity Facility Provider” means a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high to satisfy the 
criteria of the Rating Agencies (and in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by the Covered 
Bonds Law). 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” means Japanese yen, the lawful currency of Japan. 
“Loan to Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment) and “Meetings” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such 
Regulation. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of voluntary mortgage over the 
relevant Property the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage 
Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria 
established in the Covered Bonds Law:

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(a) 
pecuniary receivables not yet matured, which are neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential 
or commercial real estate located in an European Union member state; 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all Mortgage Credits secured by senior 
mortgages on the same property are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate insurance 
policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) above. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those 
payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as 
specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
«A-» or equivalent, and which will include, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account and the Programme Account and which are subject to 
the same legal requirements and regime as such other deposits (and which compliance at all 
times the Issuer shall ensure); and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as defined 
by the Bank of Portugal; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred 
under the Hedge Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and Hedge 
Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
overcollateralisation). 
“Owed Hedging Payments” means any payments owed by the Issuer due to the relevant hedge 
counterparty under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code (“Código das Sociedades 
Comerciais”) approved by Decree-law no. 262/86, dated 2 September 1986, as amended from time to time, 
in particular by Decree-law no. 76-A/2006, dated 29 March 2006. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means the “Código dos Valores Mobiliários”, approved by Decree-law no. 
486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended from time to time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of 
Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Programme” means the €5,000,000,000 conditional pass-through covered bonds programme of the Issuer. 
“Programme Account” means the cash account to be held with a counterparty with credit ratings 
sufficiently high to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, and in any case not lower than the minimum 
rating required by the Covered Bonds Law. The Programme Account, and any balance to the credit thereof, 
will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal regime as any 
Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 4 December 2020 entered into between the Issuer 
and the Dealers, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement, the Hedging Contracts and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by 
the Issuer pursuant thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such Property 
in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the 
relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognized indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law and Regulatory Notice 5/2006. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation 
(EC) No 809/2004, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
regulatory technical standards on key financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the publication 
and classification of prospectuses, advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, and the 
notification portal, and repealing Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 382/2014 and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Provisions for Meetings of for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds” means the provisions 
contained in Schedule 1 of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement on Meetings of holders 
of Covered Bonds; 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings;

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's, DBRS or Fitch Ratings. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulatory Notices; 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security 
for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the 
issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit 
institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Requirements of the Cover Pool” means the eligibility criteria and the prudential requirements of the 
assets allocated to the Cover Pool as set out in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
“Reserve Account” means the cash account held with a counterparty with credit ratings sufficiently high 
to satisfy the criteria of the Rating Agencies, an in any case not lower than the minimum rating required by 
the Covered Bonds Law, being the Accounts Bank, and the operation of which shall be governed by 
Conditions 5.4 and 6.8 and the Reserve Account Agreement. The Reserve Account, and any balance to the 
credit thereof, will form part of the Cover Pool and be subject to the same legal requirements and legal 
regime as any Other Assets which are part of the Cover Pool. 
“Reserve Account Agreement” means the agreement so designated entered into between the Issuer and 
the Reserve Account Bank in relation to the creation, operation and maintenance of the Reserve Account, 
on or about 7 July 2016, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (including a 
Deed of Novation dated on or about 7 September 2020). 
“Reserve Account Bank” means Elavon Financial Services DAC, a Designated Activity Company 
registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 418442, with its registered 
office at Building 8, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, Ireland, D18 W319, acting 
through its UK Branch (registered number BR020005) from its offices at 125 Old Broad Street, London, 
Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1AR under the trade name U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services, acting 
in its capacity as bank at which the Reserve Account is held. Under a Deed of Novation dated on or about 
7 September 2020, from 25 September 2020 the Reserve Account Bank contractual position will be novated 
to Elavon Financial Services DAC (described above), acting through its office in Ireland, and the definition 
of Reserve Account Bank shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; or (vi) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“SCI” means a substitute credit institution appointed, in case of an Insolvency Event, by the Bank of 
Portugal to manage in the place of the Issuer the Cover Pool, which shall be separated from the Issuer’s 
insolvency estate, all in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Stabilising Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Substitute Credit Institution” or “SCI” means the credit institution appointed in case of an Insolvency 
Event to manage the Cover Pool allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and to ensure the payments of 
the amounts due to the holders of such Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references in this 
Agreement to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds, be references to the 
stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to 
be, listed. 
“Sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“TARGET Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5.4. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Transition Period” means the period of time elapsing on 31 December 2020 (unless it is extended) as 
foreseen in the Withdrawal Agreement in relation to the United Kingdom’s departure from the European 
Union entered into by and between the United Kingdom and the European Union on 17 October 2019. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
America. 
“UCITS Directive” means Council Directive 2009/65/EC of the European of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 13 July 2009, relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, 
which revoked as of 1 July 2011 Council Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 (as amended by 
Council Directive 2001/107/EC of 21 January 2002 and 2001/108/EC of 21 January 2002). 
“Value” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an amount 
equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with any matured 
and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan-to-Value calculation, an amount equal to the 
book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register; 
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as 
entered on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem 
for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of such 
securities, including matured and accrued interests. 
“Written Resolution” means, in relation to the Covered Bonds, a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all holders of Covered Bonds who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in 
accordance with the Provisions for Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders 
of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
ANNEX I – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (GLOSSARY) 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). Accordingly, these APMs should not be considered 
as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations 
of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of 
the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are advised 
to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out below. 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base 
Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative 
Performance Measures.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
BALANCE SHEET AND EXTRAPATRIMONIALS 
SECURITIES PORTFOLIO AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS 
Definition 
Sum of the items ‘Financial assets held for trading’, ‘Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income’, ‘Other financial assets at amortised cost’, and ‘Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss’. 
Relevance 
Assess the relative weight of this item from an assets’ structure perspective. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
 
(a) Financial assets held for trading 
 
23 739 
23 739 
35 905 
 
(b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
 444 073 
 444 073 
1 859 691 
 
(c) Other financial assets at amortised cost 
 
1 255 651 
1 255 651 
899 145 
 
(d) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss* 
 
 492 594 
 492 594 
384 675 
 
(e) Securities portfolio and other financial assets* (a + b + c + d) 
 
2 216 057 
2 216 057 
3 179 416 
 
(f) Total assets 
 
18 351 327 
18 332 243 
17 740 142 
 
 % Securities portfolio and other financial assets (e / f) 
 
12.1% 
12.1% 
17.9% 
 
 * Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest) and derivatives. 
 
 
ISSUED DEBT 
Definition 
Sum of the balance sheet items ‘Debt securities issued’ and ‘Other subordinated debt’. 
Relevance 
Assess the relative weight of this item from a funding structure perspective. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Debt securities issued 
 
1 093 934 
1 093 934 
1 389 980 
(b) Other subordinated debt 
 
50 044 
50 044 
157 847 
(c) Issued debt (a + b) 
 
1 143 978 
1 143 978 
1 547 827 
(d) Total liabilities 
 
16 814 394 
16 815 337 
16 288 154 
 % of Issued debt (c / d) 
 
6.8% 
6.8% 
9.5%

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RESOURCES 
Definition 
Assets under management by the Groups’ subsidiaries being a constituent part of Total customers’ 
resources. 
Relevance 
Contribute to the analysis of the evolution of total customers’ resources. 
Components and calculus  
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Securities investment funds 
 
131 428 
131 428 
182 078 
(b) Real estate investment funds 
 
294 536 
294 536 
385 468 
(c) Pension funds 
 
227 964 
227 964 
249 258 
(d) Capitalization Insurance 
 
22 072 
22 072 
996 
 Off-balance sheet resources (a + b + c + d) 
 
676 000 
676 000 
817 800 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
COMMERCIAL NET INTEREST INCOME 
Definition 
Results arising from interest and similar income on Loans and advances to customers received and 
interest and similar expense on Deposits from customers paid. 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of the banking activity of financial intermediation between granting loans and 
deposit taking. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Interest and similar income – Loans and advances to 
customers       
 
313 769 
313 769 
279 642 
(b) Interest and similar expense – Deposits from customers  
 
56 912 
56 912 
34 751 
 Commercial net interest income (a - b) 
 
256 857 
256 857 
244 891 
 
 
OPERATING COSTS 
Definition 
Sum of staff costs, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortisation. 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of the operating costs underlying the banking activity. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Staff costs 
 
156 004 
156 004 
157 567 
(b) General and administrative expenses 
 
77 726 
77 726 
65 489 
(c) Depreciation and amortisation 
 
25 897 
25 897 
31 243 
 Operating costs (a + b + c) 
 
259 627 
259 627 
254 299

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
RATIOS 
LOANS TO DEPOSITS RATIO (LTD): LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS / ON-BALANCE SHEET CUSTOMERS’ RESOURCES 
Definition 
Percentage of loans and advances to customers funded by the total amount of on-balance sheet 
customer’ resources (which corresponds to the sum of deposits from customers with debt securities 
issued). 
Relevance 
Asses the leverage degree of the banking activity through the relationship between funds raised with 
customers and loans granted to customers. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Loans and advances to customers 
 
12 123 212 
12 095 373 
11 464 542 
(b) Deposits from customers 
 
12 575 224 
12 575 224 
12 524 697 
(c) Debt securities issued 
 
1 093 934 
1 093 934 
1 389 980 
 Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customers' 
resources (a / (b + c)) 
 
88.7% 
88.5% 
82.4% 
 
EFFICIENCY RATIO: COST-TO-INCOME, EXCLUDING SPECIFIC IMPACTS 
Definition 
Operating efficiency ratio measured by the portion of the total operating income that is absorbed by 
operating costs, excluding results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the 
sale of other financial assets and the other operating income / (expenses). 
Relevance 
Assess the evolution of operating efficiency underlying the banking activity, removing the volatility 
effect of results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial 
assets and the other operating income / (expenses). 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Total operating income 
 
377 352 
377 352 
429 483 
(b) Results from financial operations (i + ii + iii) 
 
10 899 
10 899 
49 873 
(i) Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 
12 273 
12 273 
8 510 
(ii) Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
5 626 
5 626 
42 269 
(iii) Net gains / (losses) from exchange differences 
 
(7 000) 
(7 000) 
(906) 
(c) Other income (i + ii) 
 
(8 130) 
(8 130) 
13 628 
(i) Net gains / (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets 
 
9 075 
9 075 
22 932 
(ii) Other operating income / (expenses) 
 
(17 205) 
(17 205) 
(9 304) 
(d) Operating costs 
 
259 627 
259 627 
254 299 
 Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts 
((d) / (a - b - c)) 
 
69.3% 
69.3% 
69.5%

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
COST OF CREDIT RISK 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the cost recognized in the period, recorded as Impairment of loans and 
advances in the income statement, to cover the risk of default of loans granted to customers. 
Relevance 
Assess the quality of the loan portfolio given the cost borne with the risk of loan default. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Impairment of loans and advances1  
 
73 191 
72 330 
120 313 
(b) Average gross loans to customers2  
 
13 709 146 
13 709 146 
12 569 759 
 Cost of credit risk (a / b) 
 
0.5% 
0.5% 
1.0% 
 1) Annualized values considering the total number of days elapsed and total days of the year.  
2) Average balance for period (2018: 365 days / 2019: 365 days). 
  
 
 
 
 
 
RATIO OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of credit and interest overdue for more than 90 days in relation to the total loan 
portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a)  Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 days 
 
913 885 
913 885 
684 549 
(b) 
Gross loans and advances to customers(Gross loans and advances 
to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers 
excluding Impairment for credit risk) 
 
13 067 788 
13 067 788 
12 239 465 
 Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days (a / b) 
 
7.0% 
7.0% 
5.6% 
 
 
COVERAGE OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISK  
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the total amount of the 
past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 days. 
Relevance 
Assess the institution’s ability to absorb potential losses arising from loans and interest overdue by 
more than 90 days. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Impairment for credit risks 
 
944 576 
972 415 
774 923 
(b) Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 
days       
 
913 885 
913 885 
684 549 
 Coverage of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 
days (a / b) 
 
103.4% 
106.4% 
113.2%

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of non-performing exposures (NPE, according to EBA's definition) in relation 
to the total customer loan portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Stock of Non-performing exposures 
 
1 879 079 
1 879 079 
1 488 355 
(b) 
Gross loans and advances to customer (Gross loans and 
advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances 
to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk)  
 
 
13 067 788 
13 067 788 
12 239 465 
 Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances  
to customers (a / b) 
 
14.4% 
14.4% 
12.2% 
 
 
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the balance of non-
performing exposures (NPE, according to the EBA definition). 
Relevance 
Assess the institution’s capacity to absorb potential losses arising from the NPE portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Impairment for credit risks 
 
944 576 
972 415 
774 923 
(b) Stock of Non-performing exposures 
 
1 879 079 
1 879 079 
1 488 355 
 Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment 
for credit risks (a / b) 
 
50.3% 
51.7% 
52.1% 
 
 
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS AND ASSOCIATED COLLATERALS AND 
FINANCIAL GUARANTEES 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the balance of non-
performing exposures (NPE, according to the EBA definition). 
Relevance 
Assess the institution’s capacity to absorb potential losses arising from the NPE portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Impairment for credit risks 
 
944 576 
972 415 
774 923 
(b) Associated collaterals and financial guarantees  
 
675 440 
675 440 
522 910 
(c) Stock of Non-performing exposures 
 
1 879 079 
1 879 079 
1 488 355 
 
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment 
for credit risks and associated collaterals and financial 
guarantees ((a + b) / c) 
 
86.2% 
87.7% 
87.2%

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
FORBORNE EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS 
Definition 
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
Relevance 
Measure the proportion of Forborne exposures (according to EBA's definition) in relation to the total 
loan portfolio. 
Components and calculus 
 
 
 
 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
 
 
2018 
2018 
Restated 
2019 
(a) Stock of Forborne exposures 
 
941 589 
941 589 
867 782 
(b) 
Gross loans and advances to customer (Gross loans and 
advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances 
to customers excluding Impairment for credit risk)  
 
 
13 067 788 
13 067 788 
12 239 465 
 Forborne exposures / Gross loans and advances to 
customers (a / b) 
 
7.2% 
7.2% 
7.1%

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho no. 5 
1250-066 Lisboa, Portugal 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M  
4AA 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 60311 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Étas-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex, France 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main 
Platz der Republik 
 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5JP,  
United Kingdom 
Landesbank Baden- 
Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart Germany 
Merrill Lynch International  
2 King Edward Street 
 London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France  
Paris 
75013  
France 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann, 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas, S.A. 
Palácio SottoMayor 
 Rua Sousa Martins, n. º1, 3º, 1069-316 Lisboa 
 Portugal 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5 LB, 
United Kingdom 
AGENT 
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
Rua Castilho, 5 
1250-066 Lisboa, Portugal 
AUDITORS 
To Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2018 
KPMG & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. 
Edifício Monumental, Av. Praia da Vitória no. 17A, 11th floor, 1069-006 Lisboa, 
Portugal 
For the period from 1 January 2019 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, n.º1 – 3º, 1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Portuguese law 
António Frutuoso de Melo & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP RL 
Avenida da Liberdade 38 - 1st Floor 
1250-145 Lisboa, Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, no. 28  
1200-151 Lisboa, Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland