--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€15,000,000,000 COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “CGD”), incorporated under Portuguese law, with a fully paid-
up share capital of €4,525,714,495 represented by 905,142,899 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €5 
each, with head-office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon and registered under the sole registration 
and taxpayer number 500 960 046 with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon, is an authorised credit 
institution for the purposes of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (the “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”). 
The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may from time to time issue 
covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Covered Bonds will be issued in nominative form (nominativas) and will be represented in book-entry form 
(forma escritural). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein), subject to increases as described under Overview of the Covered Bonds 
Programme. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified 
herein and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
“Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered 
Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase 
such Covered Bonds. 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment 
in the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC,

--- Page 2 ---
2 
as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the “CMVM”), 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CMVM only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 12 
months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application will or has been made to Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, 
S.A. (“Euronext”) for the admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Lisbon (“Euronext Lisbon”) and to the official list of Euronext Lisbon (the 
“Official List”). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any stock exchange. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, 
as amended (the “US Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”) 
unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see section 
entitled “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa1” with a stable outlook from Moody's Investors 
Service España, S.A (“Moody’s”), “BBB” with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) 
and “BBB (high)” with a stable trend from DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS are 
established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered or certified under the Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009 on credit agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to any Covered Bonds already issued. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Co-Arranger 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
Deutsche Bank 
ING  
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
NatWest Markets  
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit  
 
 
This Base Prospectus is dated 28 November 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF 
COVERED BONDS GENERALLY ................................................................................................................... 5 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 20 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................ 51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 55 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND INTERBOLSA ............................................................................... 58 
FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS ...................................................................................................... 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................................................. 83 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL .............................................................................................. 120 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................. 128 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS .................................................. 130 
COVER POOL MONITOR ........................................................................................................................ 131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................... 133 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................ 168 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ............................................................................................. 169 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS ............................................. 184 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................... 191 
DEFINITIONS ......................................................................................................................................... 195

--- Page 5 ---
5 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF 
COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds (as defined in Overview of the Covered Bonds 
Programme), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered 
Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, such Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, where such restriction applies, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been or will be prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. If a 
key information document has been prepared and made available by the Issuer in respect of any Covered 
Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will specify that a key information document has been made available. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, such Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565, as amended (the “Regulation 
2017/565”) as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
as amended (“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014, as amended (the “Regulation 600/2014”) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, where such restriction 
applies, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. If a key information document has been prepared and made 
available by the Issuer in respect of any Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will specify that a key 
information document has been made available. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, of 7 April 2016 (the “MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK 
distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) is included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: in connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Covered Bonds are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS AND ESTIMATES 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, and any other projections or forecasts in this document 
are necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking 
statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THE SECTION HEADED 
“RISK FACTORS” HEREIN  
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Covered 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 8 ---
8 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APMs 
should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU. 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The description (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the 
“Alternative Performance Measures” section of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the first semester of 2023 and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which are all incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
10 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event, in the case of listed Covered Bonds, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Delegated Regulations, notably Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980. 
 
Description: 
Covered Bonds Programme. 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered 
Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein). 
 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the 
amount of the Programme, subject to compliance with the 
relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Maximum period for  
which Covered Bonds may 
be issued under the  
Programme: 
50 years. 
Issuer: 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.  
Auditor: 
The Issuer’s auditor is Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, 
S.A., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors 
(Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with registration 
number 178, registered with the CMVM with registration 
number 20161480, with registered office at Avenida da 
República, no. 90, 6, 1600-206, Lisboa. 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Co-Arranger: 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. (together with the 
Arranger, the “Arrangers”).

--- Page 10 ---
11 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Caixa–Banco de Investimento, S.A., Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, S.A., ING Bank, 
N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A., Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets 
N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, Société 
Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other 
Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement 
Common Representative: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as 
representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered 
office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom. 
Agent: 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with 
head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisboa. 
Paying Agent: 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., in its capacity as Paying Agent, 
with head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisboa, and 
any other Paying Agent appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents. 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, member of the 
Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 183, registered with 
the CMVM with registration number 20161485, with its 
registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 
1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
Accounts Bank: 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., in its capacity as Accounts Bank, 
with head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisboa.

--- Page 11 ---
12 
Hedge Counterparties: 
The parties or party (each, a “Hedge Counterparty” and 
together, the “Hedge Counterparties”) that, from time to time 
will enter into Hedging Contracts with the Issuer in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Some of these factors are related to the Issuer’s 
business activities, financial condition or results of operations. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these are set out 
under "Risk Factors".  
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement 
and on a non-syndicated or syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued 
in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market 
Arrangements. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws and the relevant 
currency being accepted by Interbolsa at the time, Covered 
Bonds may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms).

--- Page 12 ---
13 
Ratings: 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under 
the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or 
assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating applicable to the Issuer. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. A rating addresses the likelihood 
that the holders of Covered Bonds will receive timely payments 
of interest and ultimate repayment of principal at the Maturity 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application will or has been made to Euronext for the admission 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on 
Euronext Lisbon. Under the Programme, the Issuer may also 
issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium), the UK, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan as set out 
in Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds in a particular jurisdiction, which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary 
Market Arrangements.

--- Page 13 ---
14 
United States Selling Restriction: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered 
under the US Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation 
S unless an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the US Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary 
Market Arrangements. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes, or as otherwise 
identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves. The Covered Bonds will be 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, will be secured by 
cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, and will rank pari passu with all other 
obligations of the Issuer under covered bonds issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
Clearing Systems: 
Covered Bonds will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa 
– Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”), as 
operator of the CVM. The appropriate ISIN for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the 
Final Terms.  
Form of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form and in 
nominative form (nominativas), and thus title to such Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable 
CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued 
in respect of Covered Bonds. See Form of the Covered Bonds 
and Interbolsa.

--- Page 14 ---
15 
Transfer of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the 
applicable procedures established by the Portuguese Securities 
Code (or under any legislation which may replace or 
complement it in this respect from time to time) and the 
provisions of Interbolsa regulations. The transferability of the 
Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Maturities: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. See 
also Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 15 ---
16 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to a Series of the Covered Bonds which 
corresponds to at least one year after the applicable Maturity 
Date. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will 
be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date if 
either (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds or to pay interest due on the applicable Maturity 
Date and it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that 
such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) 
the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked 
by the competent banking supervisory authority.  
In each case of extension of maturity referred to above, a notice 
thereof shall be given to the CMVM, all as further described in 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar days of 
receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of 
maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease to apply and 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will become immediately 
due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount together with 
any accrued interest determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions.  
In respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation 
or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended 
Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of 
Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original 
maturity schedule of Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Issue Price: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Events of Default: 
Issuer insolvency, as further described in Condition 9 
(Insolvency Event and Enforcement).  
Negative Pledge: 
None.

--- Page 16 ---
17 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Guarantor: 
None. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such day 
count fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest version of 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
• 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such day count fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Interest periods will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 17 ---
18 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will specify either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or extended 
maturity, or (ii) that the relevant Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holder of 
Covered Bonds upon giving notice to the holder of Covered 
Bonds or the Issuer, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s).  
Denomination of the Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with the applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements and provided that each Series will have Covered 
Bonds of one denomination only.  
Minimum Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will 
be issued in denomination per unit not lower than €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, unless the Covered Bonds will not be distributed to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in 
which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
Benchmark  
Discontinuation: 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined 
by reference to the original benchmark specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be substituted 
(subject to certain conditions) with a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)).

--- Page 18 ---
19 
Taxation of the Covered Bonds: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be made subject to any legally applicable Tax 
withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for 
tax purposes in Portugal), except if any Tax withholding 
exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with 
the applicable obligations). The Issuer will not be obliged to 
make any additional payments in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction imposed. In order for withholding tax 
not to apply, the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, 
deliver certain tax certifications. See Taxation section. 
Governing Law: 
Unless otherwise specifically provided, the Covered Bonds and 
all other documentation and matters relating to the 
Programme, including any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection with, the Covered Bonds or the 
Programme are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese Law.

--- Page 19 ---
20 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer 
is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the programme. Although these are the specific risks which are considered to 
be more significant and capable of affecting the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in relation to the 
Covered Bonds, they may not be the only risks to which the Issuer is exposed, and the Issuer may be unable 
to make payments on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons or for the identified risks 
having materialised differently. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or which 
the Issuer currently considers immaterial may arise or become material in the future and have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
incorporated by reference herein and make their own assessments prior to making any investment decision.  
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this risk factor section shall have the meanings given to 
them under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories and sub-categories: 
1) Risk factors relating to CGD Group’s business; 
2) Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework; 
3) Risk factors specific to the Covered Bonds; and 
4) Risk factors specific to the Cover Pool. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer 
has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO CGD GROUP'S BUSINESS 
Risks arising from the changes in the Portuguese economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-
economic context 
As CGD currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by the 
volume and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding the implementation of political 
measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its 
operations. In addition, the Portuguese Prime Minister has recently resigned and new elections for the 
parliament are scheduled to take place in March 2024, these events may lead to political instability and have

--- Page 20 ---
21 
an additional detrimental effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
and the premature withdrawal of economic stimuli (both on the monetary and fiscal field) and/or the de-
anchoring of long-term inflation expectations pose additional challenges to the stability of the global 
financial system and to the Portuguese economy.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact, namely, on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds 
under the Programme; and (ii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on 
the business of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by 
the evolution of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of 
borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the 
Portuguese economy and market interest rates.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, which may be adversely 
affected in its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. The adverse 
macroeconomic conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the 
behaviour and the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the 
products and services that the Issuer has to offer. 
The Bank of Portugal projects that the Portuguese economy will grow by 2.7 per cent. in 2023, and 2.4 per 
cent. in 2024 and 2.3 per cent. in 2025, after the increase of 6.7 per cent. registered in 2022. The negative 
effects of the Russian military aggression against Ukraine have intensified throughout 2022, implying a 
relative destabilization of economic activity from the second quarter of 2022 onwards. Since the end of 2022, 
energy costs have been falling, contributing to an improvement in the terms-of-trade of the economy and a 
reduction in external pressures on consumer prices. According to the Bank of Portugal, GDP growth is 
expected to increase in the course of 2023 and inflation is expected to decline from 5.2 per cent. in 2023 to 
3.3 per cent. in 2024 and to 2.1 per cent. in 2025. In 2024–2025, the unwinding of supply bottlenecks, lower 
uncertainty, the recovery in real household income and the inflow of European funds are expected to 
contribute to the acceleration of GDP, partly hindered by tighter financial conditions. The deceleration in 
external prices is expected to pass through to consumer prices across the board, leading to a decline in 
inflation in 2024 and 2025. (Source: Banco de Portugal, Economic Bulletin, June 2023). 
Over the last couple of years, the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak has had a severe impact on the global 
economy which was acutely felt in Portugal, seeing as it was already facing internal challenges linked to the 
continuing weak situation of the Portuguese banking system and the lack of availability of credit.  
The external and financial environment has deteriorated due to higher inflation and interest rates, with 
adverse effects on real disposable income. These effects have been mitigated in 2022 by the strong 
performance of the labour market — reflected in buoyant employment and nominal wages as well as an 
increase in the participation rate to historically high levels. The resilience of private consumption also stems

--- Page 21 ---
22 
from households channelling part of the savings accumulated during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis into 
expenditure and from the support measures introduced. In contrast, investment is expected to grow only 
slightly, against a background of heightened uncertainty, supply constraints and higher financing costs. 
Exports, led by the services component, continue to recover significantly, albeit decelerating in quarter-on-
quarter terms.  
According to the ECB, the Euro area economic activity slightly declined at the turn of the year, but has 
remained relatively resilient to the large negative supply shocks that have been hitting the economy. The 
economy is expected to return to growth in the coming quarters as energy prices moderate, foreign demand 
strengthens and supply bottlenecks are resolved, allowing firms to continue to work through their significant 
order backlogs, and as uncertainty – including that related to the recent banking sector stress – continues to 
recede. Overall, annual average real GDP growth is expected to slow down to 0.9 per cent. in 2023 (from 3.5 
per cent. in 2022), before rebounding to 1.5 per cent. in 2024 and 1.6 per cent. in 2025. In addition, with 
energy inflation set to become increasingly negative throughout 2023 and food inflation moderating sharply, 
headline inflation is expected to continue its decline to stand at around 3 per cent. in the last quarter of the 
year. Wage’s growth is expected to remain over double its historical average for most of the projection 
horizon, driven by inflation compensation and the tight labour market, as well as increases in minimum 
wages. Nevertheless, profit margins, which expanded notably in 2022, are expected to act as a buffer against 
some of the pass-through of these costs in the medium term. In addition, monetary policy should further 
dampen underlying inflation in the coming years. Overall, headline inflation is expected to decrease from 
8.4 per cent. in 2022 to an average of 5.4 per cent. in 2023, 3.0 per cent. in 2024 and 2.2 per cent. in 2025 
(Source: ECB, staff macroeconomic projections for the euro area, June 2023).  
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events 
and trends, war, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as 
COVID-19) all impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by 
increasing the sovereign debt of certain countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which 
could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results and financial condition and its 
ability to access capital and liquidity on acceptable financial terms. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global economy, 
with a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition and a 
negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of the 
Issuer. 
Risks arising from the recent and ongoing developments between Russia and Ukraine may have a 
corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Rising commodity prices, sweeping financial sanctions and the ban on energy imports from Russia following 
its invasion of Ukraine are threatening to hobble the global economy after the damage already inflicted by 
COVID-19 pandemic, with severe impacts on any subsequent trade barriers, exchange controls or financial 
market restrictions and macroeconomic effects, including supply disruptions, pushing up prices for Europe’s

--- Page 22 ---
23 
export-focused manufacturing companies. In addition, sanctions on Russian businesses, decision of several 
companies to sever ties with Russia and the deep recession in the country have severely reduced eurozone 
exports to Russia. 
The consequences of the invasion of Ukraine have direct and indirect implications on the banking system. At 
a high-level, the direct effects include the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to these 
geographies or to others interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which will also 
increase operational risk. 
Regarding CGD Group more specifically the potential direct impact of the war on its credit portfolio, CGD 
initiated an assessment based on the following approach: 
• 
1st order impacts related to exposures under the sanctions regime defined by the European Union 
have not been identified in CGD group; 
• 
2nd order impacts, related to direct or indirect exposures to Russian or Ukrainian costumers were 
considered not to be relevant, as CGD group’s exposure to these costumers is relatively immaterial; 
• 
3rd order impacts related to impacts on the credit portfolio considering higher energy costs, interest 
rates hikes and rising inflation.  
The analyses did not identify any material impacts for 2022 in terms of a significant deterioration of the 
quality of credit risk. The materialisation of several risks, particularly in the sectors most vulnerable to rising 
energy prices and/or those most affected by the pandemic, may lead to a deterioration of the portfolio’s 
credit quality in 2023, leading to the recognition of overlays. 
The war has weighed on household spending through higher prices and greater uncertainty. Although 
difficult to predict as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the tensions caused by Russia’s invasion and any 
further escalation of this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation 
globally, and further disrupt supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a direct 
impact on the global economy and financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased inflation, 
problems related to the massive inflow of Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and execution risks 
related to debt issuance in the capital markets and the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios. The uncertainty 
caused by these and other events and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased 
volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuer’s counterparties, 
which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced by the Issuer 
could adversely affect its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. With regards to 
the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an adverse impact on CGD Group's income 
statement due to lower activity resulting from increased uncertainty and higher credit risk, with potential 
consequences on impairment. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of its customers and counterparties 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans and amounts due from borrowers 
and counterparties are inherent in a great part of the CGD Group’s business. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the CGD Group’s borrowers and counterparties, a general deterioration in Portuguese or global 
economic conditions, or increased systemic risks in the financial systems could affect the recovery and value

--- Page 23 ---
24 
of the CGD Group’s assets and require an increase in loan impairments and other impairments. Accordingly, 
the CGD Group is subject to credit risk, i.e., the risk that the CGD Group’s clients and other counterparties 
are unable to fulfil their payment obligations. 
The CGD Group is exposed to many different counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its 
exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is particularly significant. This exposure can arise 
through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and settlement, and numerous other activities and 
relationships. These counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, commercial banks and 
investment banks. Many of these relationships expose the CGD Group to credit risk in the event of default 
of a counterparty or client. In addition, the CGD Group’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral 
it holds cannot be realised, or liquidated, at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or 
derivative exposure it is due to cover. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by 
the CGD Group also involve transactions with financial services counterparties. The insolvency of these 
counterparties may impair the effectiveness of the CGD Group’s hedging and other risk management 
strategies, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Although the CGD Group regularly reviews its exposure to its clients and other counterparties, as well as its 
exposure to certain economic sectors and regions which the CGD Group believes to be particularly critical, 
payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or difficult to predict or 
detect. In addition, the collateral and security provided to the CGD Group may be insufficient to cover the 
exposure or the obligations of others towards it, for example, due to sudden market declines that reduce 
the value of the collateral. Accordingly, if a major client or other significant counterparty were to default on 
its obligations, this could have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and results 
of operations. The CGD Group actively manages credit risk and analyses credit transactions. Expectations 
about future credit losses may, however, be incorrect for a variety of reasons. An unexpected decline in 
general economic conditions, unanticipated political events or a lack of liquidity in the economy may result 
in credit losses which exceed the amount of the CGD Group’s provisions or the maximum probable losses 
envisaged by its risk management models. As the CGD Group’s operations are mostly concentrated in 
Portugal, it is particularly exposed to the risk of a general economic downturn or other events which affect 
default rates in Portugal. An increase in the CGD Group’s impairment for loan losses or any loan losses in 
excess of these impairments could have a material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The level of NPLs in the Portuguese banking system improved during the last year, with the total NPL ratio 
standing at 3.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (compared with 3.7 per cent as of 31 December 2021) 
according to the Bank of Portugal publication “Portuguese Banking System: latest developments 4th quarter 
2022”. The NPL coverage by impairment ratio increased by 1.8 p.p. to 55.4 per cent., reflecting a decrease in 
NPLs exceeding that of accumulated impairments. As at 31 December 2022, the non-perfoming exposure 
ratio (NPE ratio – EBA definition) and the non-performing exposure coverage (NPE coverage ratio – EBA 
definition) of CGD Group were 2.1 per cent. and 107.8 per cent., respectively.  
At the end of first half 2023. the level of NPLs in the CGD Group’s reached 2.48 per cent., compared to 2.43

--- Page 24 ---
25 
per cent. in December 2022 influenced by the reduction in the loan portfolio. 
CGD cannot assure potential investors that its level of provisions for possible impairments and other reserves 
will be adequate or that CGD will not have to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses in 
future periods. Amongst other aspects, CGD’s failure to have an adequate level of provisions and other 
reserves or CGD’s need to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses in future periods may 
have a material adverse effect on CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit concentration risks may adversely affect CGD  
The CGD Group has a diversified loan portfolio with no industry representing more than 15 per cent. of 
corporate loans (as at 31 December 2022) with the top 10 exposures representing 7.5 per cent., top 30 
exposures representing 12.1 per cent. and top 100 exposures representing 18.3 per cent. of its loan portfolio 
and with no industry representing more than 32.6 per cent. of corporate loans (in each case, as at 30 June 
2023).  
Credit concentration risk in natural persons or economic groups is majored and controlled by the risk 
management function and has been decreasing since risk appetite statement metrics were developed to 
monitor such risk. If any of these groups defaults, such default may lead to a material increase in impairment 
charges, which could have an adverse effect on CGD’s results and asset quality. 
Market and interest rate risks faced by CGD could have a material adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer’s businesses by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected by 
conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their 
impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest, interest rate, inflation and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various 
financial instruments which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities 
between those assets. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects 
that such changes could have on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The most significant market risk the Issuer faces is the interest rate risk. Changes in interest rate levels, yield 
curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. An 
increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults 
by the CGD Group’s customers. Conversely, a fall in interest rates may adversely affect the CGD Group 
through, among other things, a decrease in the demand for deposits and increased competition in deposit-
taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates 
could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the CGD 
Group. 
In fact, interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies 
implemented by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions.  
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 because of the Russia-

--- Page 25 ---
26 
Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate 
the removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate markets and 
in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective of a sharp increase in interest 
rates has generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
After almost 7 years of negative EURIBOR rates, on 21 July 2022 the ECB decided to raise euro area interest 
rates by 50 basis points, i.e., 0.5 percentage points, in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the 
eurozone. However, EURIBOR rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-
month rate turned positive in April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in 
June and mid-July 2022, respectively. On 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to further 
raise euro area interest rates by 75 basis points in each meeting, totalling a 150 basis points increase. On 15 
December 2022, 2 February 2023 and 16 March 2023, the ECB decided to again raise the euro area interest 
rates by 50 basis points in each meeting. Recently, the ECB decided to again raise the euro area interest rates, 
having increased 25 basis points more on 4 May 2023, on 15 June 2023, on 27 July 2023 and on 14 September 
2023. 
The Issuer has implemented risk management methods intended to mitigate and control this and other 
market risks, and exposure to such risks is constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to 
predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such 
changes could have on the Issuer’s business activity, financial condition and on the results of its operations.  
In addition, if the CGD Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes 
in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the CGD Group’s monitoring procedures are unable to 
adequately manage the interest rate risk, its interest income could increase less or decline more than its 
interest expense, in which case the CGD Group’s results of operations and financial condition or prospects 
could be negatively affected. 
CGD’s short-term liabilities to its customers may exceed its highly liquid assets 
CGD’s primary source of funds has traditionally been its retail deposit base (savings, current and term 
deposits). 
During the global crisis that affected the financial system, CGD continued to benefit from high levels of trust 
among its individual customers and was able to maintain a stable retail deposits base. The lack of other 
financing sources, caused by the liquidity restrictions faced by Portuguese banks in international money 
markets and capital markets, has led CGD (as well as other Portuguese banks) to increase the interest rates 
paid on deposits, thus reinforcing the attractiveness of these products. 
CGD’s other funding sources include medium and long-term bond issues, commercial paper and medium-
term structured products. CGD has also borrowed money in the money markets. 
CGD continues to enjoy an ample liquidity situation. In the sphere of Eurosystem monetary policy measures 
and in consideration of the alterations made by the ECB in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, CGD 
increased its participation in the third TLTRO series by €4,800,000 thousand in 2021. CGD continued to 
comply with the conditions set out in the Bank of Portugal’s regulations in respect of liquidity, which include 
a detailed, permanent collection of information on credit institutions’ liquidity levels, including their forecast

--- Page 26 ---
27 
treasury plans over a one-year timeframe. 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) at the end of 2022, stood at 303.4 per cent., which was much higher 
than the current regulatory liquidity coverage requirement of 100 per cent.. Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”) stood at 182.6 per cent. for the same period. 
As at 31 December 2022, the amount of loans and advances to customers was €53,032 million and customer 
resources totalled €98,300 million. 
At the end of June 2023 the LCR stood at 278.3 per cent., a value much higher than the current regulatory 
liquidity coverage requirement of 100 per cent.. For the same date, the NSFR stood at 173.5 per cent.. 
Since CGD relies on the aforementioned sources for funding, there is no assurance that, in the event of a 
sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the market in which CGD operates, CGD will be able to maintain 
its levels of funding without incurring higher funding costs or the liquidation of certain assets. Additionally, 
CGD is impacted by any changes that may occur in the requirements set by the ECB in its refinancing 
operations and if CGD is unable to borrow sufficient funds to meet its obligations to its customers and other 
investors, CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely 
affected. 
The CGD Group is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market  
CGD is exposed to the Portuguese real estate market, either directly through assets related to its operations 
or obtained in lieu of payments, or indirectly through real estate that secure loans or the financing of real 
estate projects, making it vulnerable to any depression in the real estate market. As at 31 December 2022, 
the amount of foreclosed assets held by the CGD Group amounted to €291 million. CGD has additional 
exposure to the real estate market through, the amount of real estate assets held by the CGD’s pension fund, 
which as at 31 December 2022 totalled €420 million, representing 12.8 per cent. of the value of the pension 
fund’s assets.  
As at 31 December 2022 the total mortgage lending totalled €27,611 million, representing 52.1 per cent. of 
the total loans and advances to customers (gross). 
Any significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate market prices could result in impairment losses on the 
assets held directly by CGD, as well as on the assets held by CGD’s pension fund, and cause a decrease in the 
coverage of credit exposures of real estate collateral, as well as on the coverage of the pension fund’s 
liabilities by its assets, thereby adversely affecting the financial condition and results of the CGD Group. 
In February 2023, the Portuguese Government presented the “Mais Habitação” programme, aimed at 
increasing the supply of affordable housing in Portugal and at mitigating households’ burdens with 
mortgage payments and with rents. 
The measures related to rent support, subsidies and mortgage payments approved by the Portuguese 
Government entered into force on 23 March 2023 through the enactment of Decree-Law no. 20-B/2023 
of 22 March 2023 producing its effects since 1 January 2023. The measures related to the increase of 
supply of affordable houses were approved by the Portuguese Government on 30 March 2023 were 
initially approved in Parliament in July 2023. The President issued a veto on the legislation in August

--- Page 27 ---
28 
2023, but the Government submitted it again to the Parliament in September 2023 and, following the 
approval by an absolute majority, the President announced the promulgation of such diploma on 30 
September 2023 and was published on Portugal’s Official Gazzete on October 2023. 
In September 2023, the Government proposed a temporary mechanism aimed at lowering and 
stabilising monthly mortgage payments that were contracted under a variable rate regime or a mixed 
rate regime. The mechanism was approved through Decree-Law 91/2023, of 11 October and is expected 
to be in place between the end of 2023 and the beginning of 2024. The Government has also proposed 
a temporary reinforcement of the existing programme of subsidies to mortgage payments. 
Activity in the local accommodation sector could also be negatively affected. This could put further 
downward pressure on house prices. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not possible to ascertain the impact of such measures in CGD’s 
activity, depending on its clients and counterparties meeting the legal requirements to apply to this 
programme.  
Portugal may be subject to further rating reviews by the rating agencies, with implications on the funding 
of the economy and on the Issuer's activity 
The rating agencies Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited, Moody's, Fitch Ratings Limited 
and DBRS have been updating Portugal’s long term rating or outlook. Current ratings are as follows: (i) 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited: BBB+ as of 9 September 2022, with a positive 
outlook as of 8 September 2023; (ii) Moody’s: A3 as of 17 November 2023, with a stable outlook (iii) Fitch 
Ratings Limited: A as of 29 September 2023, with a stable outlook as of 14 April 2023; and (iv) DBRS: A as of 
21 July 2023, with stable outlook as of 21 July 2023.  
There might be downgrades of the long-term rating assigned to Portugal in the future. This may happen if, 
for example, there is a deterioration in the public finance situation arising from weaker economic 
performance, resulting from the disruption caused by the COVID-19 outbreak or the austerity measures 
adopted internally, or induced by contagion as a consequence of the slowdown in the economic activity of 
Portugal’s main trading partners, particularly Spain. A downgrade may also happen if the market perceives 
these measures as insufficient, or as a result of the lack of success of structural reforms, the simplification 
of the Portuguese State administration and streamlining of the Portuguese justice system. Under these 
circumstances, Portugal’s perceived credit risk will increase, with resulting negative effects on the credit risk 
of Portuguese banks (including CGD) and, consequently, on their profit levels. However, any reduction in 
Portugal’s rating would mean increased haircuts and a reduction in the value of the pool of assets eligible 
for discount operations with the ECB, in particular with respect to securitisations and covered bonds. A 
downgrade of Portugal’s rating could also impact the sovereign debt portfolio held by CGD and could have 
a potential detrimental effect on the finances of enterprises who borrow from CGD. Furthermore, the 
Portuguese State is CGD’s sole shareholder and, accordingly, any downgrade of Portugal’s ratings could have 
an impact on CGD and adversely affect its business and financial performance.

--- Page 28 ---
29 
RISKS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
The CGD Group is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, which may have an 
adverse impact on its profitability 
The CGD Group operates in a highly regulated industry. The CGD Group’s banking activities are subject to 
extensive regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, the Bank of Portugal, the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”), ESMA and the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (“CMVM”, Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory authorities from the EU and the countries in 
which the CGD Group conducts its activities. These regulations relate to liquidity, capital adequacy and 
permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, know your customer, securities (including 
debt instruments) issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, 
marketing and selling practices. These regulations include rules and regulations related to the prevention of 
money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery 
and counter-terrorist financing rules entails significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules 
may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the CGD 
Group believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies 
and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the CGD Group cannot 
guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money 
laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as extended to the whole CGD Group, will be applied by its 
employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material adverse effects on the CGD Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the 
subsequent government intervention, regulation in the financial services sector has increased substantially 
over the last decade and this trend is expected to continue. Further regulation of the sector may include 
measures such as the imposition of higher and more stringent capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss 
absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure 
of information and more onerous restrictions on certain types of activity or transactions. These measures 
may adversely affect the profitability of the CGD Group’s business and financial performance and, 
consequently, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Covered Bonds. Additionally, failure to 
comply with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer as it could result 
in reputational damage and the imposition of administrative fines and sanctions, as well as loss of 
authorisation to carry out their business. 
The CGD Group is subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, 
which may change 
The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European Commission, the 
European Council and the European Parliament, by Bank of Portugal and by the ECB, has had, and could 
continue to have, a significant impact on the CGD Group’s capital structure and financial position.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 October, 
and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) no.

--- Page 29 ---
30 
648/2012 (as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR 
reinforced the capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g., CET1 ratio, 
Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general 
rules, supervision powers, and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having also 
introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the conditions 
to be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 3.5 
per cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 2 per 
cent. of RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 
per cent. of RWA, depending on the economic situation.  
As regards Portuguese banks, the Bank of Portugal set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the 
total RWAs. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit 
institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or the ECB 
(the “Single Supervisory Mechanism”), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the 
countercyclical buffer was on 29 September 2023, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the total risk 
exposure amount.  
The Bank of Portugal reviews this decision on a quarterly basis.  
In December 2022, CGD was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum capital requirements 
and leverage ratio for 2023, following the outcome of the SREP in the following terms: 
Minimum requirements 2023 
 
Total 
Of which 
 
Pilar 1 
Pilar 2 
Buffers 
CET1 
9.069% 
4.50% 
1.069% 
3.50% 
Tier 1 
10.925% 
6.00% 
1.425% 
3.50% 
Total Capital 
13.400% 
8.00% 
1.900% 
3.50% 
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the O-SII buffer (0.5 per cent.).  
As of 31 December 2022, Issuer’s capital ratios were: the CET1 ratio reached 18.7 per cent., the Tier 1 ratio 
18.7 per cent. and the total capital ratio 20.2 per cent.. At the end of June 2023, the fully loaded CET1, Tier 
1 and Total ratios were 19.4 per cent., 19.4 per cent. and 19.7 per cent. respectively meeting CGD’s current 
capital requirements with a comfortable margin.

--- Page 30 ---
31 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and 
disclosure requirements (as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, and 
capital conservation measures (as amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduced a new market risk 
framework, revisions to the large exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that 
institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in accordance 
with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD IV and was 
transposed into Portuguese law on 9 December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December. 
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and the 
use of standardised models, rather than banks' internal models, for the calculation of capital requirements. 
Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions have also been subject to more burdensome 
capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. On 9 December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022, 
of 9 December. Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to the implementation of the total loss absorbing 
capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The TLAC standard requires global systemically 
important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities (as a percentage of their respective 
RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public 
consultation on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee 
schemes (as amended). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main 
sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback 
on stakeholders' experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in 
the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle 
banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor 
worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative proposals on 
this topic are still expected. Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to 
comply with stricter and more demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and 
others in a timely manner. A failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer as it could result in damages to the Issuer’s reputation, administrative action, application 
of penalties or regulatory sanctions, and even loss of authorisation to carry out its activities.

--- Page 31 ---
32 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity Code”) 
(Código de Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public consultation. 
The proposed Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among others, 
internal governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, 
duties of information and administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no further legislative procedures have been developed. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer’s control.  
Borrower’s protection laws may limit the Issuer’s actions and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's 
situation; and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage 
foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer’s options to (i) terminate 
the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over 
the borrower; or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks 
for borrowers’ protection are expected to continue in the future.  
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s rights 
with respect to its powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be able to 
increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
Structural changes in the Portuguese economy over the past several years have significantly increased 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector.  
The Issuer faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, banking, 
investment banking, specialised credit and asset management). The competitors of the Issuer in the 
Portuguese market are Portuguese commercial banks, savings and investment banks and foreign banks that 
entered the Portuguese market. The principal competitors of the Issuer in the banking sector (ranking in 
terms of assets as at 31 December 2022) are Banco Santander Totta, S.A., BPI, S.A., Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A. and Novo Banco,S.A..  
Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Portuguese banks have resulted in a significant concentration 
of market share.  
Competition could also increase due to new entrants (including non-bank and financial technology 
competitors) in the markets in which the Issuer operates that may have new operating models that are not

--- Page 32 ---
33 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations and that are subject to reduced regulation. New entrants 
may rely on new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory 
burden and/or faster processes in order to challenge traditional banks. Developments in technology have 
also accelerated the use of new business models and the Issuer may not be successful in adapting to this 
pace of change or may incur significant costs in adapting its business and operations to meet such changes. 
In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector resulting from new banking, lending 
and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers and new entrants, in particular 
with respect to payment services and products (e.g., Fintechs), and the introduction of disruptive 
technology, may impede the Issuer’s ability to grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and 
profitability. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to compete effectively in some or all segments in which it 
operates, or that it will be able to maintain or increase the level of its results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets could have a material effect on CGD Group  
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) be deducted from CET1 capital. However, Article 39 of 
the CRR contains an exception for DTAs when certain requirements are met, foreseeing that such DTAs are 
not deducted from CET1 capital. In this regard, some of the EU Member States enacted amendments to 
their national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with the aim of fulfilling the 
requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from the CET1 capital of resident credit institutions. The 
Portuguese Government approved Law No. 61/2014 of 26 August 2014, as amended from time to time 
(“Law 61/2014”), which implements a similar regime, allowing Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTAs 
arising from loan impairment losses and from post-employment and long-term employment benefits into 
tax credits. The tax credits obtained with the conversion of DTAs may be offset against any State taxes on 
income and on assets payable by the taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the 
same group for the purposes of prudential consolidation under the CRR. The amendments to the DTAs 
conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish that the DTAs conversion is 
not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting and tax regimes from 1 
January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with respect to the previous 
fiscal years.  
If any DTAs are not recovered due to any further amendment to the DTAs conversion regime, they will have 
to be derecognised, which will result in a loss in the same magnitude of the non-recoverable amount, with 
a negative impact on the profitability of CGD and the CGD Group.  
The potential impact of recovery and resolution measures, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure and 
public support measures on CGD Group’s activity cannot be anticipated 
In May 2014, the European Council and the European Parliament approved a directive establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to 
equip national authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and 
investment firms and to minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include:

--- Page 33 ---
34 
(a) 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for credit institutions to have 
recovery and resolution plans); 
(b) 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
(c) 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services 
and manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the 
authorities consider a credit institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to 
public interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 
December, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended or superseded), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, 
supervisory intervention and resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.  
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail 
when, in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending Regulation (EU) 
No. 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended from time to time, the Bank of Portugal’s powers as 
resolution authority in relation to certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, were transferred to the 
resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation - the “Single Resolution 
Board”.

--- Page 34 ---
35 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
• 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or 
other ownership instruments or of some or all obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution, without the 
consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer; 
• 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution 
are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party; 
• 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, by 
decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge 
institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the shareholders of 
the institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. The asset 
management vehicles are legal persons owned in full or in part by the relevant resolution fund; and 
• 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law, (other than for instance, covered 
deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds).  
Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers that an institution 
and/or certain other members of the institution's group meet the following conditions (“Resolution 
Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that such failure will be 
avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other 
members of the its group, the application of early intervention measures or of a Non-viability Loss 
Absorption Measure (as defined below), (c) a resolution action pursues any of the public interests listed 
above and (d) such public interests would not be pursued more effectively by the commencement of 
winding-up proceedings against the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses 
are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of 
creditors under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of an institution’s shareholders or of the 
contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management to be 
sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on shareholders and on CGD Group expected 
returns and an indirect impact through changes to the institution’s business activities.  
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the Issuer), 
such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including limiting its 
capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the cancellation,

--- Page 35 ---
36 
modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or 
in other modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the Programme 
Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools where the 
resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the 
resolution authority to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the 
general bail-in tool. Holders of the Covered Bonds will be subject to bail-in in relation to their unsecured 
claims over the Issuer in the event the Cover Pool is insufficient to meet all claims of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding 
the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to 
exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that 
institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities 
to permanently write-down or convert relevant capital instruments into equity (common equity tier 1 
instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the 
point of non-viability of an institution or such institution's group and before any other resolution action has 
been taken (the “Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is 
when any of the following conditions are met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer be 
viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the 
resolution tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of CGD Group 
entities could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the 
mandatory conversion tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting 
in their cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity 
could adversely affect the rights of holders of the Covered Bonds, the price or value of their investment in 
the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consider the risk of losing their full investment, including 
principal and any accrued interest, if resolution measures are applied.

--- Page 36 ---
37 
Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities could have a material effect on the CGD Group 
In accordance with Article 138.º-AO of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet MREL 
requirements. In March 2023, CGD was notified by the Bank of Portugal of its MREL requirements as decided 
by the Single Resolution Board, under the following terms: From 1 January 2024, the requirement of own 
funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to: 
• 
22.94 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.5 per cent., 
corresponding to a total requirement of 26.44 per cent;  
• 
6.27 per cent. of the total leverage ratio exposure.  
These requirements apply to the sub-consolidated basis for the determined resolution perimeter (the 
European perimeter and Banco Nacional Ultramarino in Macau). The preferred resolution strategy is the 
“multiple point of entry” approach. On this date, a minimum subordination requirement was not applied to 
CGD. 
In assessing the MREL requirement, CGD considers that it is in line with its expectations and consistent with 
its financing plan. 
As a consequence of the implementation of such requirements or any new requirements of a similar nature, 
the CGD Group may be limited in its choice of issuing certain own funds and eligible liability instruments and 
may therefore be either unable to meet its capital requirements/MREL or required to meet its capital 
requirements/MREL through more costly instruments.  
These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition 
and operational results or prospects of the CGD Group. 
The impact on CGD of the resolution measures occurred in the past in Portugal and funding of possible 
future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco Espírito 
Santo, S.A. (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, S.A., specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, of 10 
February (the “Resolution Fund”).  
CGD’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to CGD’s liabilities and 
own funds, when compared to the other participating institutions. Contributions to the Resolution Fund are 
adjusted to reflect the risk profile, systemic relevance and solvency position of each participating institution. 
Given the relative size and composition of its balance sheet, CGD estimates that its current participation in 
the Resolution Fund should range between 20 per cent. and 25 per cent. of the Resolution Fund. However, 
this number varies over time and it is very difficult to determine CGD’s exact participation at any given point 
in time. If only CGD’s share of €174.0 million of the €700 million loan granted by the credit institutions to 
the Resolution Fund to capitalise Novo Banco is considered, CGD’s participation would be in the region of 
24.9 per cent. 
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which resulted in the sale 
of the business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco Santander Totta, S.A. for the amount

--- Page 37 ---
38 
of €150 million. This transaction involved an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future 
contingencies, of which €489 million was provided by the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan in 
the same amount granted by the Portuguese State) and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as 
a result of the determination of the assets and liabilities to be sold as agreed between the Portuguese 
authorities, European bodies and Banco Santander Totta. 
the Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking system and, therefore, the outcome of any 
disposals to be made by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will ultimately be borne by the institutions 
required to fund the Resolution Fund, including CGD. However, given the aforementioned agreement 
between the State and the Resolution Fund, CGD and the other institutions participating in the Resolution 
Fund are not expected to be required to make special contributions to the Resolution Fund as a result of 
any actual or potential liabilities incurred or to be incurred by the Resolution Fund in connection with the 
resolution measures applied to Banif. 
In 2022, and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, Issuer’s Resolution Fund periodic 
contribution amount totalled €34 million.  
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector, as at 31 December 2022, the Issuer paid €31,396 
million. 
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 
19/2022 for 2023, the rate has been set at 0.029 per cent. The periodic contribution paid by the Issuer as of 
31 December 2022 was €13 million, including contributions collected under the combined terms of the 
scheme transposing BRRD and the SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM, which was 
therefore almost entirely transferred to the SRF under an intergovernmental agreement.  
The final impact on the Issuer and the CGD Group of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated.  
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors’ 
and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant 
thereto.  
Exposure to specialised funds in credit recovery 
The CGD Group has entered into a series of transactions through which it sold assets, namely credits to 
customers, to funds specialised in credit recovery, in exchange for units of those funds. 
As a participant in these types of funds, specialised in credit recovery, the CGD Group, as any other 
participant, does not have the possibility of requesting the reimbursement of its units during the life of the 
respective fund. On the other hand, there is no secondary market for these units, which makes their sale 
unlikely. These units are held by several banks in the market, which are the transferors of the credits, in 
percentages that vary throughout the life of the funds, but which require that no bank individually holds 
more than 50 per cent. of the fund at any time. 
The funds have a specific management structure, entirely independent from the participant banks, the

--- Page 38 ---
39 
purpose of which is to ensure the implementation of recovery measures of the assets.  
The CGD Group had a net exposure to funds specialised in credit recovery in the amount of €158,331 million, 
as at 31 December 2022. A possible deterioration in the recovery expectations of the disposed credits to 
funds specialised in credit recovery may result in a devaluation of the Net Asset Value of the units held by 
the CGD Group, which could require the establishment of additional impairments, with a potentially adverse 
effect on the profitability of the CGD Group.  
CGD is exposed to pension risk 
CGD must pay its employees pensions for chronic ill health, disability or retirement, in addition to the survival 
pensions paid to employees. 
As of 30 November 2004, all retirement pension liabilities for CGD employees for their length of service up 
to 31 December 2000, under Decree-Laws 240-A/2004 of 29 December 2004 and 241-A/2004 of 30 
December 2004, were transferred to CGA with reference to 30 November. This transfer included the liability 
for death grants after the standard retirement age, relative to the length of service. Pensions are calculated 
based on the number of years worked by employees and their respective contributions at the time of their 
retirement and are updated based on current retributions per working employee. CGD’s pension plan is no 
longer applicable to current employees hired after 1 January 2006. As such, CGD remains liable for the 
payment of pensions between November 2004 and January 2006. 
On 24 February 2023, Decree-Law 14/2023 was published by the Portuguese Government, transferring all 
liabilities covered by the Caixa Geral de Depósitos Staff Pension Fund (“CGDPF”) to Caixa Geral de 
Aposentações (“CGA”), extinguishing and liquidating CGDPF and determining that CGD transfer to CGA a 
financial compensation for the reassigned responsibilities. 
According to Decree-Law 14/2013, effective 1 January 2023, all responsibilities with pensions and benefits, 
current and future, of all participants and beneficiaries of CGDPF are transferred to CGA, including 
employees and former employees of the former Banco Nacional Ultramarino who were already participants 
or beneficiaries of CGDPF. It is also determined the cessation and liquidation of CGDPF, with the respective 
assets, valued at €3,307 million as of 31 December 2022, being transferred to CGD, which, in turn, is obliged 
to deliver to CGA a compensation in cash, for a total of €3,018 million, by reference to 31 December 2022. 
A mechanism for reviewing this compensation is also contemplated, at the end of the first five-year period, 
taking into account the possible difference between the actual rates of growth in wages and pensions and 
those considered as assumptions in the actuarial study. CGD will be responsible for any positive difference 
that may result in calculating the liabilities assumed with instalments in payment and new instalments, 
deducted from the difference in contributions to the CGA, up to a maximum of €320 million.

--- Page 39 ---
40 
This transaction represents, in the 2022 financial statement, a gross impact of €245.8 million in costs, which 
corresponds to the difference between the liabilities calculated in a continuity scenario of the Pension Fund 
(going concern) and the reassessment of liabilities in the liquidation scenario (settlement scenario), 
corresponding to the amount of €3,018 million to be transferred to CGA. It also allows CGD to reduce the 
levels of risk resulting from the volatility that the size of the Pension Fund, the nature of its assets and 
liabilities and the accounting and prudential treatment induce in the bank's income statement and balance 
sheet. 
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, the CGD Group may be required or may choose to make 
additional payments to the CGD Group’s pension schemes which, depending on the amount, could have a 
material adverse effect on the CGD Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The CGD Group is exposed to IT, data protection, management of confidential/personal information, 
cybercrime, infrastructure and operational risks 
The CGD Group’s ability to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade the CGD Group’s 
information technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. The CGD Group must continually make 
significant investments and improvements in its information technology infrastructure to remain 
competitive. Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the CGD Group’s information technology 
infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. Losses can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control 
processes and systems, or from external events that interrupt normal business operations. An interception, 
misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, 
vendor, service provider, counterparty or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and 
reputational harm. As a result of the digitalisation process, financial services banks are currently more 
exposed to cyberattack or technological operating problems. Excessive reliance on end-of-life IT systems, 
i.e. without security updates and therefore more open to cybercrime, existing concentration in the supply 
of several IT services, and frequent use of digital media in customer relations during the period of social 
distancing measures required by the COVID-19 outbreak created potentially systemic repercussions in terms 
of security failures and may create additional risks for the banking sector. The CGD Group also faces the risk 
that computer or telecommunications systems could fail, despite its efforts to maintain these systems in 
good working order. Given the high volume of transactions the CGD Group processes on a daily basis, certain 
errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings 
or failures of the CGD Group’s internal processes, employees or systems, including any of the CGD Group’s 
financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to the CGD 
Group’s reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the CGD Group has in place, the CGD Group’s 
ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its 
operations and the markets and communities in which it does business. In addition to that, in the course of 
its activities, the CGD Group may face operational risks including, but not limited to, the risk of losses 
resulting from inadequacies or procedural failures caused by persons and information systems, or due to 
external events. Operational risk management within the CGD Group is based on analysis by processes (end-
to-end) supported by a set of guidelines, methodologies and regulations recognised as good practice.

--- Page 40 ---
41 
CGD’s activity is subject to reputational risk  
CGD is exposed to reputational risk understood as the probability of negative impacts for CGD resulting from 
an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, suppliers, 
analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which CGD may be related, or even public 
opinion in general. CGD continually monitors this risk by means of, among other things, policies that govern 
the procedures that allow CGD: (i) to minimise the probability of reputational risk; (ii) to identify this risk, 
report it to CGD’s Board of Directors and overcome situations that may involve this risk; (iii) to ensure follow 
up and control of any impacts of this risk; and (iv) to provide evidence, if necessary, that CGD has reputation 
risk amongst its main concerns and has the organisation and means required to foresee acts and facts that 
may lead to this risk and, should it be the case, the ability to overcome it. In any event, CGD cannot assure 
potential investors that it will be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk if the same occurs and, 
should that be the case, any failure to execute CGD’s reputational risk policies successfully could materially 
adversely affect CGD’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation and Conduct risks 
The CGD Group faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. 
These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory 
requirements, ethical issues and conduct by companies in which the CGD Group holds strategic investments 
or joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the amount of 
damages asserted against the CGD Group, or subject the CGD Group to regulatory enforcement actions, fines 
and penalties. 
In September 2019, the Portuguese Competition Authority (“AdC”) imposed a fine of €82,000,000.00 on 
CGD. According to the AdC, between May 2002 and March 2013, several banks established in Portugal 
(including CGD) participated in an exchange of sensitive information, in the context of housing loans, 
consumer credit and corporate credit, relating to (i) commercial conditions (prices/spread or intentions to 
change the respective prices/spreads which, according to the AdC, were not in the public domain at the time 
of the exchange of information or were difficult to access or systematise), and (ii) production data (monthly 
production figures of each bank: individualised data from each bank on ‘marketed’ quantities, i.e. broken-
down information on the value and volume of loans granted in euros in a given period, usually relating to 
the previous month). The AdC also considered that the shared information was of a relevant, strategic and 
non-public nature, and that it was individual and broken-down information, which allows to reduce the risk 
of competitive pressure and the uncertainty usually associated with the strategic behaviour of a competitor. 
CGD judicially challenged the decision with the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court on 22 
October 2019. The trial began on 6 October 2021 and the hearing reopened on 8 April 2022, after the final 
allegations made by the parties. The reopening of the hearing was determined by the presiding judge for the 
purpose of altering non-substantial facts in relation to those contained in the charge. On 28 April 2022, the 
court decided to refer a number of questions concerning the interpretation of European Union law to the 
Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling pursuant to which the infringement procedure 
was suspended until the Court of Justice has issued its decision. Currently, there is no information on when

--- Page 41 ---
42 
a final decision will be issued.  
Any other material legal proceedings, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, may 
further adversely impact the CGD Group’s business, reputation and results of operations. 
RISKS FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Legal Risk 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “CBD”) 
and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 were 
published in 2019 and2022, respectively.  
The CBD replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities (as amended) and establishes a revised common baseline for the issue of covered 
bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise 
when implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May, which 
entered into force (with some exceptions) on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (as 
defined herein). 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer of covered 
bonds under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, to convert its 
existing covered bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme 
compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Issuer has submitted the application to the CMVM. 
The CMVM authorised such conversion, and thus this Base Prospectus is compliant with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus possible uncertainties 
of interpretation may arise.  
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, 
the differences between the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds Law, in addition to any 
other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
Ratings of the Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, withdrawn or 
qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to maintain any rating for the Covered Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks discussed in this section and any other factors that may affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each securities rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged 
to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any such lowering, 
withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the

--- Page 42 ---
43 
Covered Bonds. 
Ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of the interest due 
on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and of the ultimate payment of principal in 
relation to the Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. Ratings only address the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks are 
not addressed but may have a significant effect on yield for investors. Due to the methodology used by the 
main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. If 
Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating is likely to be downgraded by an 
equivalent amount. 
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) 
may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
European regulated investors are in general restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation, 
relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EU, which 
may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Covered Bonds from any rating agency other than DBRS. 
However, there can be no assurance as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Covered Bonds and 
what rating it may assign the Covered Bonds 
Absence of a secondary market 
The Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance that a 
secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop or, if it does develop, that it will provide holders of 
the Covered Bonds with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the entire life of the Covered 
Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Covered Bonds may not be able to sell them easily or at prices 
that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that already have a developed secondary market. 
Purchasers of Covered Bonds must be prepared to hold the Covered Bonds until their final redemption. The

--- Page 43 ---
44 
market price of the Covered Bonds could be subject to fluctuation due to variations in the value of the 
underlying mortgage-backed credits, the market for similar securities, prevailing interest rates, changes in 
regulation and general market and economic conditions, among other factors. Prospective investors should 
also be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions and the general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. Additionally, since the 
withdrawal process of the UK from the European Union, there has been increased volatility in the capital, 
currency and credit markets, which has recently been further enhanced by the disruption caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing turbulent developments involving Russia and Ukraine. 
Covered Bonds may be subject to an Extended Maturity feature 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. If an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds, 
the maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended (subject to any earlier 
redemption on an Interest Payment Date, as described in the paragraph below) to the Extended Maturity 
Date if either (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Maturity 
Date and it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days 
thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking 
supervisory authority, and in each case notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given 
to CMVM, all as further described in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of 
the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such 
extension of maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease to apply and the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined 
in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) of the Terms and Conditions on the applicable Maturity Date or (if the 
date such objection is received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) the Extension 
Cessation Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of resolution or 
voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding have been 
subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates and any such Extended Maturity Date falls 
later than the relevant maturity date for the Covered Bonds of any other Series then outstanding that has 
not been extended the maturity of such other Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to its 
relevant Extended Maturity Date, as required by article 21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
In the event of any extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may also redeem all or 
part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. The interest payable on the Principal Amount Outstanding of any 
Series of Covered Bonds that has had its maturity extended pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions (and provided CMVM has not objected to any 
such extension) may change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and such interest may apply on a fixed 
or floating basis. Neither (i) the extension of maturity of any Series of Covered Bonds from the applicable

--- Page 44 ---
45 
Maturity Date to the applicable Extended Maturity Date nor (ii) any redemption of such Covered Bonds on 
the applicable Extension Cessation Date pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions will entitle the holders of such Covered Bonds to accelerate 
payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose, and no payment will 
be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the Terms and Conditions (see 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds), as supplemented by the applicable Final Terms. In respect of 
any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended 
Maturity Date may (i) affect the ranking between any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing 
of the original maturity schedule of Covered Bonds. 
Although the CMVM has approved the conversion of the Programme, no assurance can be given by the 
Issuer that the CMVM will not oppose the extension of any Series of Covered Bonds in the future.  
The value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) have been the subject 
of ongoing national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing 
such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks provided by administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level, 
or affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to

--- Page 45 ---
46 
benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new 
euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved the 
final text of Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption 
of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, where the cessation or wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a 
benchmark should apply to any contract and financial instrument, as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to 
the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may 
further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 June 2023. On 10 February 
2021, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) 2021/168, which was published in the 
Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the following day. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and 
may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as 
EURIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still 
available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such 
benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and the potential effects of such changes may adversely affect 
such benchmarks during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds 
and the trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on those benchmarks; and

--- Page 46 ---
47 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, 
then the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the relevant fallback 
provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks 
of offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of EURIBOR), 
may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates 
information at the relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate 
benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters, consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks when making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. Investors in 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório) 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme, whether outstanding at the date 
hereof or in the future, benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório) over all assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds (see 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any Hedge 
Counterparties, at the date hereof and in the future, are also preferred creditors of the Issuer and benefit 
from the abovementioned special creditor privilege. None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or 
will be exclusively available to meet the claims of the holders of certain Covered Bonds ahead of those of 
other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the 
future. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions in respect of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate as determined by an Independent Adviser without any 
requirement for consent or approval by the holders of the Covered Bonds 
Any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate, or the emergence of alternatives to such 
benchmark or screen rate as a result of potential reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen rate to 
perform differently from in the past, to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. The potential discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its administration 
could require changes to the way in which the rate of interest is calculated on Covered Bonds referencing 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to the benchmarks or screen rates referenced by the Covered Bonds may 
adversely affect the value of and return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities 
referencing such benchmark or screen rate.

--- Page 47 ---
48 
The Terms and Conditions also provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to Covered Bonds for which screen rate determination applies. Either (i) the Issuer 
will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread); or (ii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread). The 
use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) to determine the rate of interest may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently 
(including paying a lower rate of interest for any Interest Period) than they would have performed had the 
Original Reference Rate continued to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread) is determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Terms 
and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions and the Agency and Payments 
Procedures as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval by the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
There is no guarantee that any Adjustment Spread will be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic 
prejudice or benefit to holders of the Covered Bonds or that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
holder of the Covered Bonds, any such adjustment will be favourable to each holder. Furthermore, there is 
no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. Any of 
the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Covered Bonds. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks presented by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions when making any investment decision with respect to Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a benchmark.  
Eligibility of the Covered Bonds for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
Covered Bonds may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow for Eurosystem eligibility, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, this does not mean that they will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem 
Eligible Collateral”), either upon issue or at any other time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the ECB. If the Covered Bonds do not 
satisfy these criteria specified by the ECB, there is a risk that they will not be recognised as Eurosystem

--- Page 48 ---
49 
Eligible Collateral. The Issuer gives no representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor 
in the Covered Bonds that the Covered Bonds will, either upon issue or at any other time during their life, 
satisfy any or all requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
The Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are able to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that the Covered 
Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises 
of only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3b of Article 
129 of the CRR are met). Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether 
or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. No assurance or representation is given by the Arranger or any of 
the Dealers as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, whether such assets 
comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, 
without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”). See 
also the risk factor “No independent investigation in relation to the assets in the Cover Pool” below.  
RISKS FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE COVER POOL 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool is expected to comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR. The Cover Pool shall 
comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are 
located in Portugal as Primary Assets. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic. Accordingly, 
the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) in the Cover Pool will change from time 
to time, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. For further information in respect of the 
Cover Pool, see Characteristics of the Cover Pool.  
The Issuer’s entitlement to enter into Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate risk 
and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. 
Risks relating to the effects of depreciation in the value of the relevant property on the Cover Pool 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer, the Cover Pool over which the holders 
of Covered Bonds have a special creditor privilege in relation to payment of the principal and any due and 
future interest will be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an autonomous estate 
not being liable for any of its debts until any outstanding amounts payable to the holders of Covered Bonds 
and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event of liquidation of the Issuer. 
However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments,

--- Page 49 ---
50 
the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the 
remaining assets of the Issuer. 
The security for a mortgage credit included in the Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage 
over a property granted in favour of the Issuer. The value of this property and, accordingly, the level of 
recovery on the enforcement of the mortgage may be affected by, amongst other things, a decline in the 
value of the relevant property and no assurance can be given in this regard. 
A situation where a mortgage must be enforced to pay the holders of Covered Bonds is, however, highly 
unlikely because the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any mortgage credits delinquent for 
over 90 days must be substituted. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits included in the Cover Pool are subject to the amortisation of principal and payment of 
interest on a monthly basis, as well as early repayments of principal at any time, in whole or part, by the 
relevant borrowers. Such early repayments may result in the Issuer being required to include further 
mortgage credits and/or substitution assets in the Cover Pool in order to comply with the financial matching 
requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
No independent investigation in relation to the assets in the Cover Pool 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, but will instead rely on the 
representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 50 ---
51 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
providing information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which, according to their respective nature, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds.  
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
In accordance with Articles 149, 150 (ex vi 238(1) and (3)(a)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Issuer, 
the members of its Board of Directors (see Description of the Issuer – Board of Directors), and Ernst & Young 
Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A. as the statutory auditor (revisor oficial de contas) are responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and each of them declares that, to the best of its knowledge 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to the aforementioned Articles is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; (ii) that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it 
and based on reasonable assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context 
of the Programme or the issue of Covered Bonds, make any statement, opinion or intention expressed 
herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify 
the foregoing. 
In accordance with Article 149(3) (ex vi Article 238(1)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, liability of the 
abovementioned entities is excluded if any such entity proves that the addressee knew or should have been 
aware of the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the contractual 
declaration or when the respective revocation was still possible.  
Pursuant to Article 150 of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Issuer is strictly liable (i.e. independently of 
fault) if any of the members of its Board of Directors, or Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A as the 
statutory auditor (revisor oficial de contas) is held responsible for such information. Further to Article 
238(3)(b) of the Portuguese Securities Code, the right to compensation based on the aforementioned 
responsibility statements is to be exercised within 6 months of the party seeking compensation becoming 
aware of an inaccuracy in the contents of this Base Prospectus or the amendment thereto, and ceases, in 
any case, 2 years following disclosure of (i) this Base Prospectus for the admission to trading on a regulated 
market or (ii) the amendment thereto that contains the defective information or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed, 
and any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be made, on the basis that such documents are so 
incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus as a whole.

--- Page 51 ---
52 
Other than in relation to the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information found on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third party information has 
been used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into or in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers (as defined in Definitions), the Common Representative (as defined 
in Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme) or any of the Dealers.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall, in 
any circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
after the date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of or as at any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information.  
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission 
to trading made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus, any of which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Arrangers, the Common Representative and the Dealers expressly refrain from undertaking any review 
of the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme and from advising any 
investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, 
amongst other things, the most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or 
not to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Covered Bonds 
generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy 
any Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  
The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available

--- Page 52 ---
53 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the 
Dealers (save for application by the Issuer for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any 
Covered Bonds or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or the Covered Bonds may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that would result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Each Dealer has represented or, as the case may be, will be required to 
represent that, to the best of its knowledge, all offers and sales made by it will be made on the terms 
indicated above. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of the Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including, among 
other countries, Belgium) and the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and 
Secondary Market Arrangements. 
None of the Arrangers, the Common Representative and the Dealers or any of their affiliates has separately 
verified (i) all information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, 
representation or warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds 
or any other agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the 
Programme, or any other agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the 
Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds is intended to 
provide the basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Common Representative or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase 
the Covered Bonds.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the Issuer’s financial condition or affairs during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should: (i) determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
(ii) make its own independent investigation of the Issuer’s financial condition and affairs, and assessment of 
the Issuer’s creditworthiness, and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability of any such investment

--- Page 53 ---
54 
in light of its own circumstances, considering its own investment objectives and experience, as well as any 
other factors relevant to such an investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, other than to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Covered Bonds. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the 
EEA of Covered Bonds which are the subject of a placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus, as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds, may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to, respectively, Articles 3 and 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State of the EEA and notified 
to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA and (in either case) published, all in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State of the EEA and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or its final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent 
sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able 
to bear the economic risk of its investment for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 54 ---
55 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the CMVM, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated results of the Issuer for the third quarter of 2023, available at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2023/Documents/Press-
Release-EN-3Q-2023.pdf ; 
(b) 
The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first semester of 2023, 
available 
at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-
Information/CGD/2023/Documents/Board-of-Directors-Report_1Sem2023.pdf; 
(c) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 together with the auditor’s report prepared in connection therewith, available at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2022/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2022.pdf;  
(d) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 together with the auditor’s report prepared in connection therewith, available at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Financial-Information/CGD/2021/Documents/Annual-
Report-CGD-2021.pdf. 
It should also be noted that the documents incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus shall not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base Prospectus. These 
documents are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CMVM in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
The third quarter 2023 unaudited results presentation 
Main indicators 
Consolidated income statement 
3 
12 
Consolidated balance sheet  
13

--- Page 55 ---
56 
The first semester 2023 unaudited condensed consolidated  
results 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 57 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 56 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (Annual report 2022) 
Auditor’s report relating to the accounts for the 
period ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 660-668 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 111 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 112 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
Page 113 
Consolidated cash flows statements  
Page 114 
Consolidated 
statements 
of 
changes 
in 
shareholders' equity 
Page 115 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 118-305 
Glossary and Alternative Performance Measures 
Pages 311-317 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (Annual report 2021) 
 
 
Auditor’s report relating to the accounts for the 
period ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 309-318 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 110 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 111 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
Page 112 
Consolidated cash flows statements  
Page 113

--- Page 56 ---
57 
Consolidated 
statements 
of 
changes 
in 
shareholders' equity 
Page 114 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 117-300 
Glossary and acronyms 
Pages 306-308

--- Page 57 ---
58 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND INTERBOLSA 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depository (“CSD”) which will be the Portuguese 
domestic CSD, Interbolsa. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Arrangers or any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm 
the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the 
Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides various 
services including, safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and internationally 
traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal.  
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed of interconnected securities accounts, 
through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to 
control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, 
the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue account, 
opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued securities; 
and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in Interbolsa’s 
centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its customers in 
accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) code through the 
codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through LCH.Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system 
operated at Interbolsa as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement 
system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext Lisbon takes place on the second Business Day after the 
trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place on the settlement date. Covered Bonds 
may be attributed Financial Instrument Short Name (“FISN”), Classification of Financial Instruments (“CFI”) code 
and/or other securities identifier, which will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto.

--- Page 58 ---
59 
Form of the Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced 
by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM 
regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. The 
Covered Bonds will be nominative Covered Bonds (nominativas). 
The Covered Bonds will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will 
be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds held in the individual securities accounts 
opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression 
“Affiliate Members of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Members of Interbolsa as having an interest in Covered Bonds 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
While the Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, to the payment current accounts held in the 
T2 System a by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such 
Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners 
of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on the payment date 
and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant 
Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed 
by CGD, to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred 
by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain:

--- Page 59 ---
60 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance with 
Interbolsa procedures and regulations. 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the relevant current account of the Paying Agent must be 
apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. After a payment has been 
processed, such process shall be confirmed to Interbolsa. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered 
Bonds. No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with 
Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 60 ---
61 
FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to) any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (as amended, “MiFID 
II”), or (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017 (as amended the “Prospectus Regulation”). [The Issuer 
has prepared a] / [Consequently, no] key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 November 2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA [has been prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation].]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. [The Issuer has prepared a] / [Consequently, no] key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 26 November 2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK [has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 61 ---
62 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation].] 2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 3 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
as applicable.] 4 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Covered Bonds are 
[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] 
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable EU MiFID 
manufacturer. 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR 
manufacturer.

--- Page 62 ---
63 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.] 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent./Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] 
Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the €15,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW 
NO. 31/2022, OF 6 MAY 2022 (THE “LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO 
ISSUE COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY 
THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A—CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 28 November 2023, [and the 
supplement [s] dated [●] [and [•]] (the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulations and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. A copy of the Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] 
available for viewing at Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300, Lisboa, www.cgd.pt and 
www.cmvm.pt. A copy of these Final Terms is available for viewing at the same addresses. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
any previous base prospectus whose terms and conditions are incorporated by reference herein as so supplemented 
or any other subsequent base prospectus.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date], as 
supplemented which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 28 November 2023 [and the 
supplement [s] dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation . This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus dated

--- Page 63 ---
64 
28 November 2023 [as so supplemented] and the Terms and Conditions contained in the Base Prospectus dated 
[original date]. A copy of the Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
www.cmvm.pt and www.cgd.pt. A copy of these Final Terms is available for viewing at www.cmvm.pt and 
www.cgd.pt] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1.  (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[•] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible.)] 
2.  Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●]  
3.  (i) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
A. Series: 
[●] 
 
[B. Tranche]: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading: 
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
4.  (i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(ii) [Net Proceeds 
(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●] [an amount equal to: Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of Covered Bonds minus Estimate of total expenses]

--- Page 64 ---
65 
5.  Specified Denominations: 
[●]  
(N.B. the minimum denomination of each Covered 
Bond is €100,000, unless the Covered Bonds will not 
be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on 
a 
regulated 
market, 
in 
which 
case 
lower 
denominations per unit may apply) 
6.  (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] (N.B: An Interest 
Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain 
Covered Bonds, for example Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds.) 
7.  Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(N.B: In case (i) no Extended Maturity Date is 
specified or (ii) an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
when a Series of Covered Bonds with no Extended 
Maturity Date feature is outstanding, the Issuer, 
when deciding the applicable Maturity Date, shall 
ensure that such change will not affect the ranking of 
outstanding Covered Bonds nor invert the sequencing 
of the original maturity schedule of outstanding 
Covered Bonds in case of resolution or liquidation.) 
8.  Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[insert date] (the date shall be at least one year after 
the Maturity Date, provided that in any case the 
Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date 
that is earlier than the applicable Extended Maturity 
Date for any other outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds with an earlier Maturity Date.).

--- Page 65 ---
66 
9.  Interest Basis: 
 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity Date 
(or the Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
[[EURIBOR +/− Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/− Margin 
Margin = [●] per cent.] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10.  [Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] / [Final Redemption Amount ] / 
[Other] 
11.  Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Covered 
Bonds 
into 
another 
interest 
or 
redemption/payment basis] 
12.  Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13.  (i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally with 
all other covered bonds issued or to be issued by the 
Issuer. The Covered Bonds will qualify as covered 
bonds for the purposes of the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. 
 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
14.  Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
15.  Listing/Admission to Regulated Market 
[Euronext Lisbon/specify other/None]

--- Page 66 ---
67 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16. Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and (ii) not 
applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 6.7(F)) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specifiy)] in arrear] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum. 
[payable[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/other 
(specifiy)] 
in 
arrear] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F)) 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specifiy other]] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] in each month up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date]/[specifiy other] 
 
 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount]

--- Page 67 ---
68 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F)).] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) to which they 
relate.] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to 
which 
they 
relate.] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F).] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally 
paid (if more than one, then insert such dates in the 
alternative)] in each year.]

--- Page 68 ---
69 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates 
in 
the 
alternative)] 
in 
each 
year 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F).] 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
[None/give details] 
17. Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph.) 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 6.7(F).] 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable]: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]

--- Page 69 ---
70 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following (Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] (State “Not Applicable” unless Extended 
Maturity Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iv) Manner in which the rate of 
interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating 
the rate of interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●] (the "Calculation Agent") 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●]

--- Page 70 ---
71 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not 
Applicable]/[●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
A. 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] (Second day of on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] [specify the Relevant Financial Centre i.e. Brussels for 
EURIBOR] 
 
B. 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 71 ---
72 
 
A. 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period.) 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/ 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
B. 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7 (F)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.]

--- Page 72 ---
73 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period.) 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[+/−] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/−] [●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.) 
 
(ix) 
Minimum rate of interest: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.) 
 
(x) 
Maximum rate of interest: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 73 ---
74 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds after the 
Maturity Date.) 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
18. Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
1. 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
2. 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
3. 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●]

--- Page 74 ---
75 
 
4. 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
late payment: 
[Condition 6.6 applies] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
 
Interest rate applicable in case of 
Extended Maturity Date 
As provided above. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19.  Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (N.B: If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
20.  Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination

--- Page 75 ---
76 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (N.B: If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
21.  Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination/Other/See Appendix]  
(N.B: Final Redemption Amount shall correspond at 
least to the nominal amount) 
22.  [Early Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase))] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS  
23.  Form of Covered Bonds: 
Nominative Covered Bonds (nominativas) in book 
entry form (escriturais) 
24.  Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 17 
(iii) relates) 
25.  Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(When adding on any other final terms 
consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 76 ---
77 
DISTRIBUTION  
26.  
1. 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of relevant 
agreement] 
 
2. 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement 
[•] 
 
3. 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/if applicable, please include names, 
period and other relevant information] 
27.  
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
28.  
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details ] 
29.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KIID will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified) 
30.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified)

--- Page 77 ---
78 
31.  
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Covered Bonds are calculated by reference to 
[specify benchmark], which is provided by 
administrator legal name – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark].  
[As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011)]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert 
benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the 
scope 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011)by virtue of Article 
2 of that regulation] OR [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011)apply], 
such that [insert names(s) of administrator(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Covered Bonds described herein 
pursuant to the €15,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer is responsible for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party information] has 
been extracted from [specifiy source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specifiy source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:                   
   Duly authorised

--- Page 78 ---
79 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Listing 
[Applicable/None] 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[Euronext 
Lisbon/other (specify)/None] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. Each of 
[defined terms] is established in the [European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) and is registered under 
[Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) ]: 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] [/[●]:[●]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to the Covered Bonds being issued.) 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings attributed to the Covered Bonds if this 
has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:

--- Page 79 ---
80 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.”—amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
4. 
[Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds (Issue Price minus the fees payable to the Dealers) 
and Estimated Total Expenses (the total expenses relating to admission to trading and the fees 
payable to the Dealers) 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus if reasons for the offer differ from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[●]] 
 
5. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
81 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an 
estimation only and calculated with reference to 
the rate of interest that would be payable if the 
Issue Date would be an Interest Payment Date and 
on the assumption that such rate of interest 
(comprising the relevant rate plus margin) would 
not change in the future. Investors should be 
aware that the rate of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date will be subject to the 
variation of the relevant Reference Rate. The index 
used to calculate the yield was [•]] 
6. 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[•], as updated as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies 
(ANNA)/Not Applicable] 
FISN: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 81 ---
82 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity as a 
securities 
settlement 
system, 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria.][include this text if “yes” is selected above] 
Stabilisation Operation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If applicable, name of the Stabilisation 
Manager and Period; Other information] 
Intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 82 ---
83 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation to 
any Tranche of Covered Bonds shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. Reference should be made to “Final Terms for Covered Bonds” for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE COVERED BONDS (“OBRIGAÇÕES COBERTAS”) 
ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE 
ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE LEGAL REGIME 
OF COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE 
ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
It is the intention of the Issuer, but not its contractual undertaking, that any Covered Bonds to be issued are 
able to bear the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)”, as foreseen in article 42(2) of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The actual ability for such label to be used will depend on the compliance over time with 
the relevant requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and of article 129 of the CRR. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of covered bonds issued by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, 
S.A. (the “Issuer”) in accordance with the procedures set out in the Agency and Payments Procedures (as 
defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean the book-entries corresponding to the Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency and 
Payments Procedures”) dated 23 November 2006 and made and agreed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
(acting in its capacity as Agent, which expressions shall include any successors) and by any subsequent agent, 
and/or paying agent appointed by the Issuer. 
Any reference to “holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity registered as such in the 
individual securities' account held with the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including 
as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email to holders of Covered Bonds 
following their prior written request to the Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable at the 
website of the Issuer (www.cgd.pt) and during normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying

--- Page 83 ---
84 
Agent save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable at 
the specified office of the Paying Agent by a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered Bonds, such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered 
Bonds and identity. The Covered Bonds holders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, outstanding means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions; 
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and Conditions 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that date) have 
been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency and Payments 
Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bonds 
holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against 
presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE  
The Covered Bonds are in nominative form (nominativas) and in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be held through Interbolsa and will be held in book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of 
Interbolsa as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered

--- Page 84 ---
85 
Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date and 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a denomination per unit not 
lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless 
the Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, in 
which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond. No owner 
of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law 
and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.  
The holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds 
are covered securities issued in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, which are secured by 
the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, 
and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under covered bonds issued or to be issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued pursuant to 
the Covered Bonds Law and to which the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became applicable following the 
approval of the Programme by CMVM under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the rate(s) of interest. Subject as provided 
in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed

--- Page 85 ---
86 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the rate of interest to the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Covered Bond, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
4.1.6 In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing

--- Page 86 ---
87 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date); and 
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of 
that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the 
relevant holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment 
date if the Covered Bonds become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2.(A)(ii) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 87 ---
88 
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and 
Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional 
Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open. 
(B) 
rate of interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (as set out below and detailed in the 
relevant Final Terms) the relevant rate of interest will be equal to the relevant reference rate plus or minus 
(as the case may be) the relevant Margin, provided that the Rate of Interest for a given Interest Period will 
be deemed to be zero per cent. if the relevant reference rate plus or minus Margin calculated for such 
Interest Period corresponds to a negative rate. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined, the rate of 
interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or 
the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series (each, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:

--- Page 88 ---
89 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date, if applicable, is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
4. 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
5. 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index Provisions are 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if applicable, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
6. 
References in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(a) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(c) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date (or, as applicable, 
an Extension Cessation Date or Extended Maturity Date); and 
(d) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity” “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Lookback”, “Applicable Business Days”, 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period 
Shift Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Lockout”, “Lockout Period Business Days”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift

--- Page 89 ---
90 
Business Days” and “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen rate determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where screen rate determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined, 
the rate of interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement), 
be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant 
Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
If, for the purposes of the calculations described above, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotations appear thereon or, in the case of (B) above, fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time), 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
so specified shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial 
Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date) in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide it with such offered quotations, the rate of interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the rate of interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies 
a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by two or more Reference Banks, at which such banks were

--- Page 90 ---
91 
offered, at approximately the above specified time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the above specified 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the rate of interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the rate of interest shall be determined on the Interest 
Determination Date for the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of the two preceding paragraphs, “Reference Banks” means those banks whose 
offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(C) 
Minimum rate of interest and/or maximum rate of interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the rate of interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 4.2 above is less than such minimum rate of interest, the rate of interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such minimum rate of interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the rate of interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 4.2 above is greater than such maximum rate of interest, the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such maximum rate of interest. 
(D) 
Determination of rate of interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the rate of interest is to be determined, 
determine the rate of interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds (each an

--- Page 91 ---
92 
“Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying 
the rate of interest to the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Covered Bond, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 92 ---
93 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:. 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(E) Notification of rate of interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation 
Agent so specified, will cause the rate of interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 93 ---
94 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to Euronext Lisbon or other relevant 
competent listing authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will 
be promptly notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(F) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds), whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of 
negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any other Paying 
Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all holders of Covered Bonds and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the holders of Covered 
Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease to 
accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof (which, in any case where an extension 
of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), shall be the Extension 
Cessation Date) unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In 
such event, interest will continue to accrue until the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due in 
respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) 5 days after the date on which the full amount of the 
moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices).  
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered 
Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed

--- Page 94 ---
95 
in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 4.3, 4.4(B) and 6.7(F). In that event, 
interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(B) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
(B) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), and subject to 
Condition 6.7(F), the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, 2 Business 
Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in connection with any redemption of the Covered Bonds (other than 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date 
pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), interest will continue to accrue from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Extension Cessation Date at the same rate of interest that was applicable in 
respect of the interest period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date). 
(C) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, and in addition to paragraph (B) above, for the purposes of this Condition 4.4 (Interest 
Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds 
up to the Extended Maturity Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect 
of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(D) 
This Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply if the maturity of 
the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which any rate of interest is to be determined. If the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the Covered Bonds:  
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
at its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the

--- Page 95 ---
96 
consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the rate of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of 
determining each relevant rate of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendment (in accordance with sub-paragraph (E) of this Condition 4.5). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the 
Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment 
of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event 
one has been appointed) may determine (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the rate of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and 
(B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 4.5. Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published 
guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards 
and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with 
paragraphs (A) or (B) above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (D) below) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to further adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5); 
(D) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be);

--- Page 96 ---
97 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the 
applicable Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency and Payments Procedures which are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or the Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, time at which the 
Relevant Screen Page is observed and/or the definition of Reference Rate (such 
amendments, together, the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer shall effect such consequential amendments to the Agency and Payments 
Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the 
application of this Condition 4.5. No consent shall be required from the holders of the 
Covered Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or the Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or any Benchmark 
Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by 
the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly but not later than the IA Determination Cut-Off Date, following 
the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice thereof to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and the Agent. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any other 
Benchmark Amendments, and their effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the 
holders of the Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any 
determination made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to 
this Condition 4.5; and 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the 
purpose of determining the rate of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date (i) unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, and 
(ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor

--- Page 97 ---
98 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, but the Agent and 
the holders of the Covered Bonds have not been notified of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.5(H) shall apply to the 
determination of the rate of interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and 
the rate of interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollar shall be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments will be in euro made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may only be made 
in euro or in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, to the payment current accounts held in the T2 System by 
the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on 
the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the 
account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de 
Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD, to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such 
relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or

--- Page 98 ---
99 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; or 
(B) 
(i) any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in 
relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any 
Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) 
or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open, 
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by Interbolsa 
(as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds to a day on which 
the T2 system is open). 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless otherwise 
specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Common

--- Page 99 ---
100 
Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered Bonds 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
will be redeemed proportionally. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice the 
Issuer will redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. To exercise the Investor Put Option the 
holder of Covered Bonds must deliver, at the specified office of the Paying Agent, at any time during normal 
business hours of the Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from the specified office of the Paying Agent and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition. Any notice of exercise of the Investor Put Option given by a holder of any 
Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable.  
6.4 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, cancelled. 
6.5 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any 
Covered Bonds purchased pursuant to Condition 6.4 (Purchases) above which are not to be held or resold 
as mentioned therein shall be cancelled by Interbolsa. 
6.6 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(A) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply (or, where an extension of maturity ceases 
to apply pursuant to Condition 6.7(F)), upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant 
to Conditions 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) is improperly withheld 
or refused or where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to

--- Page 100 ---
101 
Condition 6.7(F), the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall 
be the amount calculated according to the following formula: RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually. 
(B) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) is applicable, is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount as so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
6.7 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
Any Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds shall be at least one year after the applicable Maturity Date, provided that in 
any case the Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date for any other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an 
earlier Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may decide not to apply an Extended Maturity Date to a Series of Covered Bonds 
provided that the rating assigned to the outstanding Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies at 
the time of issue of such Series is not adversely affected. 
(B) 
In the case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension of maturity for a Series of 
Covered Bonds to the applicable Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking of covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule for such covered bonds referred to in (i) above.  
(C) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer fails to 
redeem all of the Covered Bonds of a Series in full on the Maturity Date and it is foreseeable 
(as determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter and, 
the maturity of such Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due 
and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended 
up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject to paragraph (F) below.

--- Page 101 ---
102 
(D) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of 
resolution or voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding have been subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates 
and any such Extended Maturity Date falls later than the relevant maturity date for the Covered 
Bonds of any other Series then outstanding that has not been extended the maturity of such 
other Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to its relevant Extended Maturity 
Date, as required by article 21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
(E) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the authorisation 
of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority 
(being the European Central Bank and the Bank of Portugal, acting individually or jointly, and 
including any successor) and leading to mandatory liquidation of the Issuer, the maturity of all 
Series of Covered Bonds will, subject to the right of CMVM to oppose such extension in the 
manner described in paragraph (F) below), be automatically extended up to but no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(F) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at least 
10 calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if that is not possible, in 
light of the occurrence or knowledge of the event, as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM 
of such extension and the respective grounds for such extension, in particular that it is 
foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that (i) (in the case of any extension of maturity in 
the circumstances described in paragraph (C) above) the Covered Bonds will not be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date and such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) (in the 
case of any extension of maturity in the circumstances described in paragraph (E) above) the 
Issuer’s authorisation as credit institution will be (or has been) revoked. CMVM may oppose 
any such extension within 10 calendar days of the Issuer giving notice to CMVM if it considers 
that the Extension Legal Requirements are not met. 
If CMVM decides on the basis of the Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension 
of maturity, the extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will not apply. In the 
absence of any decision by CMVM to oppose such extension within 10 calendar days from the 
date the Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension to the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date will continue to apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if CMVM has received less than 10 calendar days’ notice from the 
Issuer of any possible extension and at the date on which the maturity for the Covered Bonds 
is scheduled to be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date CMVM has not yet 
decided whether or not it opposes such extension, the maturity for the Covered Bonds will 
extend to the Extended Maturity Date. If subsequently (but within 10 calendar days from the 
date the Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM) CMVM then decides on the basis of the 
Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension, the extension to the Extended 
Maturity Date will cease to apply and each Covered Bond shall, as at the date of such cessation 
(the “Extension Cessation Date”) then become immediately due and payable at its Final 
Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined pursuant to Condition

--- Page 102 ---
103 
4.4(B) (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, an amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 6.6 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)). 
(G) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give to 
the holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Rating 
Agencies, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice that it has notified CMVM of any 
potential extension to the maturity of the Covered Bonds and of any decision CMVM notifies 
to the Issuer in respect of such potential extension. Any failure by the Issuer to notify any such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any extension or give rise to rights for 
any such person, under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date).  
(H) 
In the event of an extension of the maturity for the Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity 
Date, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give to the holders of Covered Bonds (in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its 
intention to redeem all or any of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds in 
full at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the 
Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person.  
(I) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
(J) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable unless CMVM opposes such extension, as 
described within paragraph (F) above. Where this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose 
or give any holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or 
otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(K) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and 
interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date

--- Page 103 ---
104 
in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date).  
(L) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption 
proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of those Covered 
Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further covered bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of 
such further covered bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1. 
Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any legally 
applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in Portugal), 
except if any Tax withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the applicable obligations). The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. 
7.2. 
No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of 
taxes) above. 
7.3. 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to 
the Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4. 
Tax Deduction not event of default 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or the Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance with 
Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes), this shall not constitute an event of default by the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the case of principal) 
and 5 years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject in each case to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Date” means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has

--- Page 104 ---
105 
not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
INSOLVENCY EVENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the 
holders of Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an Acceleration 
Notice, in which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and payable each at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued until such date. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution 
of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006 of 25 
October, as amended, the RGICSF and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of 
Companies introduced by Decree-law no. 53/2004 of 18 March 2004, as amended).  
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders 
of the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, 
at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any 
other person as it may deem fit to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard to 
the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any 
action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
(A) 
The names of the Agent and the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In 
the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as the 
Agent, or failing duly to determine the rate of interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or any other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which the Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent;

--- Page 105 ---
106 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common 
Representative in continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on Euronext Lisbon or admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or 
as the case may be, other relevant authority. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Covered Bonds shall be published on the CMVM’s information system 
(www.cmvm.pt) or in the website of the Issuer. Furthermore, any such notice may be disclosed by any 
further means required to allow a fast access by all holders of Covered Bonds throughout the European 
Union and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates or venue, on the first date or venue on which publication is made, as provided 
above.  
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law requirements, 
namely pursuant to the Portuguese Companies Code and CMVM Regulation no. 5/2008, as amended. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS  
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code which applies to Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 28 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of Covered 
Bonds to consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest (which 
provisions are described and supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement), including the modification by Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions 
of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding, or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a Reserved 
Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 per 
cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then 
outstanding so held or represented or, at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing 
holders of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding so held or represented. Each Covered Bond 
grants its holder one vote.

--- Page 106 ---
107 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the majority 
of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a Reserved 
Matter, at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant 
meeting. Resolutions involving the increase of the charges to holders of Covered Bonds require 
unanimity to be approved. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of 
a given Series; (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to 
effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate 
formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; and (vii) any 
other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12 (C)(ii); 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject as 
provided below, be binding on all the holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Common Representative may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than 
one Series if in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between the holders 
of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis 
mutandis. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct the 
Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event 
and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action (each a 
“Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Common 
Representative or, if it refuses to convene such a meeting, by the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common Representative and the Chairman of the General 
Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer refuses to convene the meeting, then 5 per cent. of the holders 
of Covered Bonds of any Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be convened. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall be 
binding on all holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where such 
Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series

--- Page 107 ---
108 
not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date of 
the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER  
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions the Common Representative is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and 
discretions without the approval of such holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or risk 
incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, 
authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not reasonably 
assured to it under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or if it has not been provided with adequate 
indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution or 
any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any written resolution of any holders of Covered 
Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) to the extent permitted by law, refrain from taking any 
action until it has been provided with sufficient funds or adequate indemnity against or security for 
any liability it may incur as a result of any such actions,(ii) refrain from doing anything which might in 
its opinion be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or which might otherwise render it liable to any 
person and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion necessary to comply with any such law, and in no 
circumstances shall be liable to the holders of Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions 
or inaction. The Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for the 
indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from responsibility. 
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1. Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the total nominal amount (determined in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the CMVM Regulation) of the Cover Pool maintained 
by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the total nominal amount of all outstanding 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme or such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from 
time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor (the “Overcollateralisation Percentage”), provided that: 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below 105 per cent.;  
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer 
and Issuer Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by 
any Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch; and 
(iii) 
assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall not be subject

--- Page 108 ---
109 
to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), paragraph 
(A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those limits. 
14.2. Liquidity Buffer 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Cover Pool shall include a Liquidity Buffer comprised 
by Liquidity Assets to cover maximum Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 days, provided 
that (i) uncollateralised claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR 
cannot contribute to the Liquidity Buffer, and (ii) if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, principal repayments under the Covered Bonds shall be considered due for this purpose on the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
14.3. Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that:  
(A) 
Eligible Assets: only assets listed in article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the requirements 
under paragraphs 1a to 3b of article 129 of the CRR are met) may be part of the Cover Pool (whether 
as Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets), provided that:  
(a) 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed the lesser of (i) the principal amount of the 
respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist) and (ii) either 80 per 
cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential 
purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per cent., in the circumstances foreseen in article 129(1)(f) of 
the CRR) of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial 
purposes; and  
(b) 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds; (ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in 
the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as 
defined in the CRR) shall comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 
1-A(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify 
for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
Primary Assets: the Primary Assets shall be Mortgage Credits; 
(C) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, 
Properties or other Cover Pool assets will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR; 
(D) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity

--- Page 109 ---
110 
Buffer and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and under the 
terms set forth in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement;  
(E) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-Performing Mortgage 
Credits; and 
(F) 
Insurance: the Properties are adequately insured against the risk of damage. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date 
and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered 
Bonds, the other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds that the courts of Portugal are 
to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts 
of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 110 ---
111 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to holders of Covered Bonds 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate), the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
3) 
(if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) determines that no such spread is customarily applied), the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any)) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
4) 
 (if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser), in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of its customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 23 
November 2006 and made and agreed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent, 
agent bank and/or registrar appointed by the Issuer. 
“Agent” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., with its head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisboa, 
or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payment Procedures.  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds

--- Page 111 ---
112 
denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds and with an interest period of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 28 November 2023, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or to be administered; or  
2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
5) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the rate(s) of interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CVM” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds. 
“Common Representative” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as representative of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
having its registered office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 23 November 2006 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and 
conditions upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common

--- Page 112 ---
113 
Representative, as amended and restated on 28 November 2023, and as may be further amended and 
restated. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and which comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and Liquidity Assets, as specified 
in the Register.  
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas, Lda., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas) under the number 183, registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161485, with 
its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal.  
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 November 2023 entered into by and 
between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time, which has been revoked 
by Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May.  
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
16 September, as amended from time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated Property 
Valuation of such Property. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Dealers” means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Caixa–Banco de 
Investimento, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, S.A., ING 
Bank, N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley Europe SE, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE 
and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
“EU” means the European Union.

--- Page 113 ---
114 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May, on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euronext” means Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A.. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the maturity 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.6(F) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
covered bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details 
of that Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable 
Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms of 
Article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer.  
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the CVM. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 
(Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 114 ---
115 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
(a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and 
are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector 
entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or 
by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
(b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the 
CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, provided 
that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 
(A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets 
under b) above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, 
segregated and allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer). 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service Ltd., or any other affiliate or successor as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the relevant 
Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer 
as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a pecuniary loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which 
is registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to 
be met pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable 
requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants).

--- Page 115 ---
116 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer)) and interest payments under the Covered Bonds and 
payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for assets in 
the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the rate of interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered 
Bonds in respect of any Interest Period(s). 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation) of 
the Terms and Conditions.  
“Paying Agent” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., with head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 
Lisboa or any successor or additional paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Covered Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means the securities code approved by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 
November, as amended from time to time. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered 
bonds, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary 
Assets are Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) 
and (f) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the €15,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established for the issuance of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer and as converted on 28 November 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers on 23 
November 2006, as amended from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the

--- Page 116 ---
117 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them.  
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market 
value (which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which 
the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an 
arm’s-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, 
prudently and without compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such 
Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and article 208 of the CRR, provided that, in accordance with the foregoing, the 
Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation 
(EC) No 809/2004, as amended, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 
2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to regulatory technical standards on key financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the 
publication and classification of prospectuses, advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, 
and the notification portal, and repealing Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 382/2014 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301. 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's, Fitch and DBRS, which are registered with the European Securities and 
Markets Authority under the CRA Regulation. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine a quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and CMVM Regulation. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 117 ---
118 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due 
on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or 
maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given 
Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; or (vii) any 
other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii) of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by Decree-
Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as amended. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed 
as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation to 
any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered Bonds 
are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“Substitution Assets” means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they 
comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 118 ---
119 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2 Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open. 
“T2 System” means the new Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 20 March 2023 (which 
has replaced the previous settlement payment system, TARGET 2) or any successor or replacement for that 
system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or 
excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs and the Portuguese 
Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the 
Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.”, “USA” or “United States” means the United States of America. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 119 ---
120 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS  
In general, covered bonds may only be issued by duly licensed credit institutions. The Issuer meets this 
requirement and thus is qualified to issue covered bonds under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL  
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool may contain Primary Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquidity 
Assets (each as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below), subject to the limitations provided for 
in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows for the composition of 
the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets 
(and other permitted assets) to be comprised in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date 
hereof in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and with 
the CMVM Regulation (as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a permanently identifiable 
and segregated register (the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The Issuer plans to issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the 
relevant Cover Pool additional mortgage credit assets or substitution assets (and other permitted assets) as 
security for those Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, as further detailed below. The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it 
has contravened the provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, to take all possible steps to prevent 
the contravention from continuing or being repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL  
Only mortgage credits or receivables, including, but not limited to, interest revenue and repayments, 
which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits and Exposures to Credit Institutions Eligibility Criteria 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered 
Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3b of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Each Cover Pool shall comprise 
of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets, provided that: 
• 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed the lesser of the principal amount of the respective 
Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist), and 80 per cent. of the Current Property 
Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per 
cent., in the circumstances foreseen in Article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current Property Value, in 
case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; and

--- Page 120 ---
121 
• 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) shall not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (ii) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not 
exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall 
comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; 
(iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 
15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total 
exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. 
of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Other assets Eligibility Criteria 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool: 
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Mortgage Credits and Exposures to Credit Institutions 
Eligibility Criteria” if they are not deemed to be Primary Assets; 
(b) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions located in the EEA which are not in a control 
or group relationship with the Issuer; and  
(d) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which 
are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located, for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, outside Portugal 
without first obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then 
ascribed by such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows the Cover Pool to include Hedging Contracts aimed exclusively 
at hedging risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. These Hedging Contracts will form 
part of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and 
requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and as described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, any such 
hedging contracts can only be included in the Cover Pool provided they (i) are exclusively aimed at covering 
risk; (ii) their volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk covered; (iii) cease if the covered risk

--- Page 121 ---
122 
ceases to exist; (iv) are sufficiently documented; (v) are segregated in accordance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds; (vi) cannot be terminated upon the liquidation or resolution of the Issuer; (vii) are traded 
on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU Member State, or on a recognised market of 
an OECD country, or whose counterparties are credit institutions located in the EEA, whose exposures are 
eligible (A) for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2 (both as defined in CRR); or (B) for credit quality 
step 3 (as defined in the CRR), if authorised by the competent authority; and (viii) are included on the basis 
of their market value, or, in the absence of such market value, at a value calculated on the basis of adequate 
valuation methods. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers CMVM to develop the eligibility criteria 
for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, 
identify (i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the underlying asset or 
assets; (iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the 
commencement date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer may 
enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
LOAN -TO -VALUE RESTRICTIONS  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Articles 129(1)(d) and (f) of the CRR, the amount of a 
Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer and registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool may not exceed 
the lesser of (i) the principal amount of the respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if 
they exist), and (ii) 80 per cent. of the Current Property Value, if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of 
the Current Property Value, if it is commercial property (which, in the case of commercial property, may be 
increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). The loan-to-value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-
loan basis; (ii) determine the portion of the loan contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the 
Covered Bonds; and (iii) apply throughout the entire maturity of the loan. For further details, see section 
“Valuation of Cover Pool” below. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, all liabilities of the Covered Bonds shall be fully 
secured by the cover assets.  
In compliance with the above legal requirements, in particular with Article 129(3)(a) of the CRR, Condition 
14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise the 
Cover Pool with respect to outstanding Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105 per cent., provided that: 
(i) the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below 105 per cent.; (ii) without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time 
reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then 
assigned to the Covered Bonds by any Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit 
watch; and (iii) assets contributing to the minimum level of the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not 
be subject to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants),

--- Page 122 ---
123 
paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those limits. See Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred to above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be accounted according to the nominal value of the respective outstanding 
principal; 
(b) 
the debt securities shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal; and 
(c) 
the derivative contracts shall be accounted for in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
in relation to any other assets in the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount; and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by the value 
resulting from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the 
Eurosystem or, if lower, according to their nominal value. 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange 
rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms 
set forth in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, must monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds described in this section. 
Should a breach of the homogeneity, coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, the Issuer is required, 
immediately after becoming aware thereof, to take all possible steps to remedy such breach, by : 
(a) 
allocating new Primary or Substitution Assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated 
to the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
amortising Covered Bonds in a sufficient amount to remedy the breach; and/or  
(c) 
allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Notwithstanding the above, Mortgage Credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the Cover 
Pool may still remain in such Cover Pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 
90 days and such Mortgage Credits not removed from the Cover Pool following 90 days shall not count 
towards the statutory tests or the Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met 
by the Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers CMVM to establish, by regulation, requirements in relation

--- Page 123 ---
124 
to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that it may consider relevant 
for determining the value of eligible assets for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In this 
regard, CMVM Regulation does not specifically include any provisions regarding the methodologies and 
frequency of valuation of the cover assets, their risk management, and the registration and archiving of all 
this information, establishing a material reference, under the terms of Article 11 of CMVM Regulation, to 
national and EU banking prudential legislation and regulations (namely Article 208 of the CRR). 
Valuation of Properties 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool shall be equal to 
or less than the amount determined as such Property’s market value, in accordance with the most recent 
independent valuation of such Property, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 208 of the 
CRR.  
The market value, in accordance with point (76) of Article 4(1) of the CRR, means the estimated amount for 
which the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in 
an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, 
prudently and without compulsion.  
The property valuations are carried out by independent expert appraisers, and the management of the 
valuations and inspections is centralized in a unit that is independent of the commercial units. 
Valuation by expert 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related 
Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a real estate valuation expert, with necessary 
qualifications, competence and experience. The real estate valuation expert shall (i) be independent from 
the decision-making process concerning the granting of the credit; (ii) not take into account speculative 
elements in the assessment of the value of the physical cover asset and the cover documents; and (iii) 
document the value of the physical cover asset in a transparent and clear manner. 
The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, notably 
where there is (i) any specific interest of the real estate valuation expert in the Property subject to the 
valuation, (ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related 
to the Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent 
on the valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within CGD’s Group, provided such valuation expert is 
independent from the credit analysis and decision-making process within CGD’s Group. 
Valuation experts are required to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in Law no. 153/2015, of 
14 September.

--- Page 124 ---
125 
Methods of valuation  
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods 
of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, 
as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report  
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a written report in relation to the 
valuation of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description of the selection and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or 
assumptions adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market 
or the market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the mortgaged Property and the market 
value the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that they have carried out the valuation according to the 
applicable requirements set out in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds; and 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
The Issuer shall perform any internal check of the value of each of the Properties on a frequent basis and at 
a minimum once a year.  
The Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property and to identify the Property 
that needs revaluation. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall proceed with a more frequent monitoring where the market 
conditions are subject to significant changes. 
In addition, such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever the information 
available to the Issuer indicates that the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to 
general market prices.  
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €3,000,000, 
the valuation of the relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three 
years.

--- Page 125 ---
126 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor 
to supervise, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms set forth in 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of Other Assets 
Pursuant to CMVM Regulation, the other assets in the Cover Pool shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted according to their amount; and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounting for according to the value 
resulting from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem 
or, if lower, according to the nominal value of such securities; 
(c) 
the debt securities shall be accounted for the nominal value of the outstanding capital; and 
(d) 
the derivative contracts shall be accounted for in accordance with the terms and conditions set out 
in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall adopt and implement procedures to verify 
if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and principal in relation to a mortgage credit 
asset comprised in the Cover Pool is duly insured against the risk of loss or damage. 
Any credits arising from the relevant insurance policies shall be segregated in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE  
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
(património autónomo), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due 
to the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the 
Cover Pool must be recorded in a segregated register within, and maintained by, the Issuer. Such register 
must record the following: 
(i) 
borrower identification; 
(ii) 
the outstanding amount; 
(iii) 
the interest rate; 
(iv) 
the amortisation date; 
(v) 
for collateralised claims, the identification of the entity or individual before whom the relevant deed 
was drawn up or who authenticated the private deed whereby the collateral was created; and

--- Page 126 ---
127 
(vi) 
proof of definitive registration of the collateral in the corresponding real estate registry. 
In case of default in payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds, and in case the holders of such 
Covered Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant Covered Bonds, holders of such Covered Bonds, or the 
Common Representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the Cover Pool 
allocated to the relevant Covered Bonds, in accordance with Article 8 of CMVM Regulation. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege 
over the Cover Pool with preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of 
principal and payment of interest due under the Covered Bonds. For further information, please refer to the 
chapter entitled “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 127 ---
128 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a 
possible insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered 
Bonds.  
In the event of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that 
any assets comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in 
connection with derivative contracts shall be segregated from the Issuer’s insolvent estate and will be 
managed autonomously by a third party, and will not form part thereof, until full payment of the amounts 
due and payable to the holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative contracts. In any case, 
and even if the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds determines that timely 
payments of interest and reimbursements under the Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, 
the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the 
remaining assets of the Issuer. 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, which shall be immediately notified to CMVM, CMVM 
shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and 
interests of the holders of Covered Bonds, in particular by verifying the continuity and sound management 
of the covered bonds programme following the resolution action. 
In this situation, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled 
to adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least 
two thirds of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed 
to manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered 
Bonds. If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Banco de Portugal, as the competent 
resolution authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the 
Issuer, informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the Covered Bonds in the resolution action applied. In 
addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Banco de 
Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the authorisation of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent liquidation 
of the Issuer, CMVM may appoint the Special Administrator within 10 business days after the revocation of 
such authorisation, to ensure that the rights and interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds are preserved. 
The roles and responsibilities of the Special Administrator include: 
(a) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the management and settlement of cover assets, including their transfer to another credit institution 
that issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered bonds; 
(c) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(i) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;

--- Page 128 ---
129 
(ii) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
and 
(iii) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets into the Cover Pool and 
the transfer of the remaining assets to the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer, 
after all Covered Bond liabilities have been discharged; 
(d) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and respective 
collateral, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; 
and 
(iv) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
(e) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular, in cases where such Special Administrator fails 
to fulfil and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
The remuneration of the Special Administrator is fixed by CMVM and constitutes a charge on the Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the performance 
of their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in 
relation to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual 
report, regarding the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an 
independent auditor appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end of 
the relevant financial year, the Special Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly with 
the audit report.

--- Page 129 ---
130 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, with registered office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, England, has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. The Common 
Representative is an entity authorised to represent investors in the United Kingdom. 
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Covered Bonds. According 
to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Commercial Companies 
Code, the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to 
ensure protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, notably: (a) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds 
in respect of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their 
legal or contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of 
Covered Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to 
represent the holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against 
the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or 
against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which 
is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information 
regarding the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its role as Common 
Representative under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the common 
representative and appoint a new Common Representative. The removal of any Common Representative 
shall not become effective unless a common representative is appointed.

--- Page 130 ---
131 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified 
person or entity to be the Cover Pool Monitor who shall be responsible, for the benefit of the holders of 
Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements contained in the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and the CMVM Regulation. 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor 
registered with CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related 
to or associated with any group of specific interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that 
hinders its independent analysis and decision-making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall 
not (i) be the statutory auditor responsible for the statutory audit of Issuer’s annual report in the two years 
prior to the time of its appointment and is not financially, personally, commercially, professionally, or 
otherwise related to any such statutory auditor, its network, or any individual who can influence the findings 
of the audit; or (ii) be associated with any special interest group in Issuer nor is in any situation that could 
hinder its impartiality of analysis or decision-making, in particular because it holds or acts on behalf of the 
holders of qualifying holdings of 5 per cent. or more of Issuer 's share capital nor has performed the duties 
set out in subsection “Duties and Powers of the Cover Pool Monitor” below in relation to the relevant 
issuance or the covered bonds programme for 10 consecutive years.  
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other monies payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR  
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 28 November 2023, the Issuer appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal, member of the 
Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with registration 
number 183 and registered with CMVM under registration number 20161485, with its registered office at 
Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in 
relation to the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements 
and the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants)) 
concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement provides for certain 
matters such as verification of the quality of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and 
expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the 
replacement by the Issuer of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR  
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for 
the benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the CMVM Regulation in respect of

--- Page 131 ---
132 
the Cover Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer 
with the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer 
Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is entitled to be provided with all 
information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the requirements relating to outstanding 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the performance of its duties, the 
Cover Pool Monitor shall verify on an ongoing basis, including in the event of liquidation or resolution of the 
Issuer, the quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements 
on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover 
Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as 
the information provided to the holders of Covered Bonds. In addition, if the Cover Pool Monitor, while 
performing its duties, detects any irregularity it shall communicate it immediately and simultaneously to the 
Issuer and CMVM. 
Finally, in accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must 
produce an annual report, by reference to 31 December, with an assessment of the Issuer’s compliance with 
the requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in particular the quality of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements on eligibility of assets, including 
risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group 
structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as information provided to 
investors. 
If, during the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor becomes aware that the Issuer has not 
complied with any of the provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and/or of any of the 
Requirements of the Cover Pool, it must notify, immediately, the Issuer and CMVM of such event. If the 
situation remains unremedied within 10 business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will 
notify the Arranger, the Common Representative and the relevant Dealers of the non-compliance. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR  
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by the 
Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor can only be dismissed by the Issuer with cause, and their dismissal and relevant 
cause must be communicated to CMVM within 10 days from its occurrence. The Cover Pool Monitor may 
retire, upon giving not less than 3 calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Any such termination or 
retirement shall not become effective until a new cover pool monitor is appointed.

--- Page 132 ---
133 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
HISTORY AND INTRODUCTION, LEGISLATION THAT GOVERNS THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITY  
CGD was created as a state bank by the legislative charter (“Carta de Lei”) of 10 April 1876, with the 
main functions of collecting and administering legally required or judicially ordered deposits and 
issuing and managing government debt. It gradually expanded its operations to become a savings 
and investment bank. CGD was converted by Decree-Law no. 287/93 into a state-owned joint-stock 
company (sociedade anónima de capitais exclusivamente públicos) on 20 August 1993, when its 
name was also changed to Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. CGD is a full-service bank and operates 
under the legal name of “Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.”. The Issuer also operates under the 
commercial name of “CGD”. 
REGISTRATION, HEAD OFFICE, CONTACTS AND WEBSITE OF THE ISSUER 
CGD’s registered office is at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon, Portugal (tel.:(+351) 21 795 30 
00/(+351) 21 790 50 00). CGD is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the 
sole registration and taxpayer number 500 960 046. The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of CGD is: 
TO822O0VT80V06K0FH57. 
Information contained in the Issuer’s official website (https://www.cgd.pt) or in any other website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CMVM unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus and, therefore, the Issuer is not liable, and cannot be held liable, for the information 
contained on such websites, which, except for the Issuer’s official website (https://www.cgd.pt), 
have not been reviewed by the Issuer with the purpose of assessing if the information contained 
therein is complete, true, updated, clear, objective and licit. 
INCORPORATION, LEGAL FORM AND OWNERSHIP 
CGD is a public limited company (“sociedade anónima”) and is wholly owned by the Portuguese State. 
As such, it is regulated by the legislation applicable to public limited companies, in addition to the 
legislation applicable to Portuguese credit institutions and investment firms. The Portuguese State’s 
ownership of CGD is expected to be maintained and reinforced in the current context of the 
Portuguese financial system. However, CGD is fully autonomous from the Portuguese State in respect 
of administrative and financial matters. 
OBJECT AND PURPOSE 
According to its constitutional documents (in particular to article 4 of the Issuer’s articles of 
incorporation), the scope of the Issuer consists of the provision of banking services in the broadest 
terms permitted by law. The Issuer may also participate in partnership agreements, corporate 
groupings and European economic interest grouping and may acquire, either initially or 
subsequently, holdings in limited or unlimited liability companies, whatever their objects. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As of 20 March 2023, CGD's share capital amounted to €4,525,714,495 represented by 905,142,899 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of €5 each (all issued shares are fully paid).

--- Page 133 ---
134 
STRATEGIC PLAN 
2021 – 2024 Strategic plan: Building the Future 
In the last quarter of 2020, CGD began the formal process of drawing up its 2021-24 Strategic Plan, 
with intense work carried out over a period of five months, under the guidance of the Board of 
Directors, the execution of which began in 2021. 
The 2021-24 Strategic Plan was formally approved by CGD’s new Board of Directors in January 2022. 
After a strong commitment to financial strength, effective risk management and the consolidation 
of governance mechanisms and internal controls, CGD started a new cycle with the 2021-2024 
Strategic Plan, under the motto “Building the future”. 
With the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, CGD proposes to: 
• 
Serve the financial needs of Portuguese families and companies, by being present in their daily 
lives and supporting their medium to long-term projects, with particular emphasis on 
sustainability; 
• 
Commit to excellence and simplicity in customer service, innovative solutions and a complete 
value proposition; and 
• 
Pursue a business model aligned with the best practices in terms of profitability and 
environmental, social and governance sustainability, consolidating its leadership position in 
Portugal’s banking sector. 
CGD’s ambition for 2024, set out in the new Strategic Plan, is based on 6 pillars of transformation: 
(i) 
Quality of service and innovation: development of formulas to ensure customer service 
excellence, exploiting technological innovation and providing a range of user-friendly, highly 
accessible, robust solutions based on profound knowledge of CGD’s customers: 
• 
focusing on CGD’s customers and create an experience that consistently ensures an 
excellent quality of service; 
• 
flexibly and decisively move toward digital solutions and oversight models that ensure 
accessibility and availability of services to CGD’s customers; and 
• 
invest in analytical skills, strengthening CGD’s knowledge of each customer, enhancing 
CGD’s capacity to generate value, and helping to streamline decision-making processes. 
(ii) 
Leadership and value proposal: response to the financial needs of Portuguese households and 
companies, having a presence in their day-to-day lives and backing their medium to long term 
projects, with a fully comprehensive value proposal, namely by: 
• 
investing in CGD’s value proposal for customers, strengthening CGD’s competitive 
position in strategic business and segments: consumer credit, medium to long term 
savings, insurance, business activities and SMEs; 
• 
helping smaller companies access the capital markets; and 
• 
exploiting CGD’s international presence, improving the level of support for the 
internationalisation of Portuguese companies and expanding CGD’s range of financial 
solutions and partnerships in the most relevant geographies.

--- Page 134 ---
135 
(iii) 
Sustainability and social impact: initiatives having an impact on key areas for society, 
continuing to contribute to sustained development on an Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) level: 
• 
continuing to invest in key areas for the development of Portuguese society, helping to 
promote ESG sustainability strategies; 
• 
adopting efficient governance models that drive performance in a responsible, 
diversified and transparent manner; and 
• 
being an inclusive bank that prioritises the well-being and development of its 
employees and society. 
(iv) 
Profitability and efficiency: to achieve profitability levels in line with the best practices of the 
sector at the European level by optimising CGD’s balance sheet structure and simplifying 
internal management processes: 
• 
optimising CGD’s territorial presence, while continuing to develop a close relationship 
with CGD’s customers; and 
• 
being a leader in terms of cost management by streamlining internal processes. 
(v) 
Consolidation of governance and risk management model: to continue to consolidate the 
governance and risk management model on a CGD Group level, ensuring a culture of rigour 
and compliance with IRB (internal rating based) requirements, by: 
• 
upgrading risk management models in pursuit of new business areas; 
• 
automating credit decisions and optimising the time needed for contractual purposes; 
and 
• 
ensuring the CGD Group’s consolidated vision of global risks, particularly climate risk 
control. 
(vi) 
People, culture and transformation: to foster a culture of innovation, flexibility and 
transformation, retaining high standards of professionalism, integrity and transparency: 
• 
to stimulate a business culture, focusing on the development of talent, training and 
internal cooperation, mobilising and committing the organisation as a whole to the 
transformation process; 
• 
to rejuvenate and reinforce the skills of staff and reward talent with transparency and 
clarity of criteria; and 
• 
to promote the sustainability, parity and diversity of teams. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The governance model adopted by CGD for the period from 31 August 2016 to 22 December 2021 
corresponded to a model comprising a Board of Directors, a Supervisory Board and a Statutory Audit 
Company. 
CGD’s governance model was amended on 25 January 2021, to comprise a Board of Directors and, 
in terms of its supervisory body, an Audit Committee and a Statutory Audit Company, with the 
Supervisory Board having been extinguished. The implementation of this governance model was

--- Page 135 ---
136 
conditional upon the election of the members of the Board of Directors for the 2021-2024 term of 
office and was implemented in the form of a unanimous written resolution of 21 December 2021. 
In terms of its governance model, CGD’s Board of Directors has been provided with the broadest 
range of powers to manage and represent CGD, including the effective issuance of guidelines in its 
activity, with the Executive Committee having responsibility for CGD’s day-to-day management, 
under the delegation of authority approved at a meeting of CGD’s management body held in 2017 
which remained in force up until 22 December 2021. A new instrument for the delegation of 
authority was approved by the Board of Directors on 10 January 2022 when CGD’s management 
board was elected and took up office for the 2021-2024 term. 
The division of responsibilities allows effective separation between supervisory and management 
functions with the added benefit of constant and extensive supervision by the competent authorities 
in furthering the objectives and interests of CGD, its shareholder, employees, customers and other 
stakeholders, enabling a level of trust, transparency and balance to be achieved accordingly across 
the various functions, necessary for their proper operation and effectiveness. 
The members of the management body are elected for a period of 4 (four) years and may be re-
elected in accordance with the provisions of the law and CGD’s articles of association. Coincidence 
of mandates between the various governing bodies is not mandatory. The term of office of the 
Supervisory Board began in 2016 and ended on 31 December 2019, while the term of office of the 
Board of Directors began in 2017 and ended on 31 December 2020, notwithstanding the members 
of both bodies having remained in office until 22 December 2021. 
With the extinguishing of the Supervisory Board on 22 December 2021, the supervision of 
management, monitoring of CGD’s compliance with the law and its articles of association, as well as 
the verification and oversight of the independence of the Statutory Audit Company in legal terms 
and, in particular, verification of the suitability and approval of the provision of other non-audit 
services, are now the responsibility of the Audit Committee. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Board of Directors elected for the 2021-2024 term of office initiated its mandate on 23 December 
2021. The Board of Directors currently comprises 17 (seventeen) members, 8 (eight) executive (who 
are all part of the Executive Committee) and 9 (nine) non-executive board members (some of which 
are part of the Audit Committee, as described further below): 
Non-executive chairman 
António Farinha Morais 
Vice-chairman and chief executive officer 
Paulo José de Ribeiro Moita de Macedo 
Executive member 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
Executive member 
João Paulo Tudela Martins 
Executive member 
José João Guilherme 
Executive member 
Paula Cristina Cândido Geada 
Executive member 
Nuno Alexandre de Carvalho Martins

--- Page 136 ---
137 
Executive member 
Madalena Rocheta de Carvalho Talone 
Executive member 
Maria Manuela Martins Ferreira 
Non-executive member 
António Alberto Henriques Assis 
Non-executive member 
Monique Eugénie Hemerijck 
Non-executive member 
Hans-Helmut Kotz 
Non-executive member 
Arlindo Manuel Limede de Oliveira 
Non-executive member 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Non-executive member 
María del Carmen Gil Marín 
Non-executive member 
Maria João Martins Ferreira Major 
Non-executive member 
Luis Filipe Nunes Coimbra Nazaret 
The Audit Committee is composed of the following members of the Board of Directors: 
Non-executive member 
(and chairman of the Audit Committee) 
António Alberto Henriques Assis 
Non-executive member 
José António da Silva de Brito 
Non-executive member 
María del Carmen Gil Marín 
Non-executive member 
Maria João Martins Ferreira Major 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is CGD’s head office, at Av. 
João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisbon. 
Positions held in addition to functions with other entities, inside and the relevant activities outside 
the CGD Group by the members of the Board of Directors as at 30 September 2023: 
 
Accumulation of functions 
 
Executive Members of 
the Board of Directors 
Entity 
Functions 
Paulo José Ribeiro da 
Moita de Macedo 
Fundação Caixa Geral de Depósitos - Culturgest  Chairman of the Board 
Associação Portuguesa de Bancos (APB) 
(Representing CGD) 
Member of the Board 
Francisco Ravara Cary 
Banco Caixa Geral - Brasil, S.A. 
Chairman of the Board 
Locarent - Companhia Portuguesa de Aluguer 
de Viaturas, S.A. 
Non-Executive Member of 
the Board 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A.  
Chairman of the Board 
Banco Caixa Geral Angola S.A.  
1st Vice Chairman of the 
Board

--- Page 137 ---
138 
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal (CIP)  
Member of the General 
Council 
João Tudela Martins 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, S.A. (Macau-
China) 
Non-Executive Member of 
the Board 
Banco Interatlântico (Cabo Verde) 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. 
(Moçambique) 
3rd Vice Chairman of the 
Board 
José João Guilherme 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, S.A. (Macau) 
Chairman of the Board 
Câmara de Comércio e Indústria Luso-
Espanhola (Representing CGD) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors  
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. 
(Moçambique) 
1st Vice Chairman of the 
Board 
Nuno Alexandre de 
Carvalho Martins 
Banco Interatlântico (Cabo Verde) 
Chairman of the Board 
Madalena Rocheta de 
Carvalho Talone 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A.  
Non-Executive Member of 
the Board 
SIBS Forward Payment Solutions, S.A.  
Non-Executive Member of 
the Board 
COTEC Portugal (Em representação da CGD)  
Vice-Chairperson of the 
General Assembly 
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal (CIP)  
Member of the Strategy 
Committee for the Digital 
Economy of CIP 
Maria Manuela 
Martins Ferreira 
Banco Comercial do Atlântico, S.A. Cabo Verde 
Chairperson of the Board 
Banco Caixa Geral – Brasil. S.A. 
Member of the Board of 
Directors (non-executive 
functions) 
Monique Eugenie 
Hemerijck 
Bank of Cyprus 
Non-executive Member of 
the Board 
Paula Cristina Cândido 
Geada 
No other relevant positions 
António Farinha 
Morais 
No other relevant positions 
António Alberto 
Henriques Assis 
No other relevant positions 
Arlindo Manuel 
Limede de Oliveira 
Instituto Superior Técnico 
Professor  
INESC 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and of the Executive Committee  
Confederação Empresarial de Portugal 
(CIP) 
Member of the Strategy 
Committee for the Digital Economy  
Conselho Económico e Social  
Member 
Mckinsey & Co  
Senior Consultant and Academic 
Advisor 
José António da 
Silva de Brito 
Caixa Geral de Aposentações 
Member of the Board of Directors 
OMIP - Operador do Mercado Ibérico 
(Portugal), SGPS5  
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board 
María del Carmen 
Gil Marín 
Novabase S.G.P.S 
Member of the Board 
Novabase Capital, SCR, S.A 
Member of the Board 
CTT - Correios de Portugal, S.A 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board

--- Page 138 ---
139 
Associação de Emitentes do Mercado 
(A.E.M.) 
Member of the General Committee 
Luis Filipe Nunes 
Coimbra Nazaret 
No other relevant positions 
GENERAL MEETING BOARD 
The current general meeting board was elected on 19 May 2020 for the 2020-2023 four-year term 
of office. In the course of 2022, the Chair of the General Meeting, Paulo Mota Pinto, resigned from 
his position due to legal incompatibility for the function considering the beginning of his mandate as 
member of the Portuguese Parliament. By deliberation of the General Assembly of May 31, 2022, 
Nuno Cunha Rodrigues was appointed to complete the 2020-2023 mandate. Already in 2023, Nuno 
Cunha Rodrigues resigned from his position, with effect from March 12, 2023, considering his 
appointment as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Portuguese Competition Authority. 
The General meeting currently has the following composition: 
 
Chairman 
To be appointed5 
 
Vice-chairman 
Maria João Dias Pessoa de 
Araújo 
 
Secretary 
Maria Manuela Correia Duro 
Teixeira 
 
POSITION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL MEETING BOARD IN OTHER COMPANIES OF THE GROUP 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
 
 
 
 
 
Maria João Dias 
Pessoa de Araújo 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
Maria Manuela 
Correia Duro Teixeira 
 
Non-executive member 
of the Board of 
Directors 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos – 
Culturgest Foundation 
 
Executive member of 
the Board of Directors 
 
Caixa Banco de Investimentos, 
S.A 
 
General Manager of the 
Legal Affairs Division 
 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A 
Notes: “Not applicable*” means no activities in other companies of the Group. 
 
 
5 The new Chairman has not been appointed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. While such 
appointment has not been made, the Vice-chairman will chair the General Meeting.

--- Page 139 ---
140 
RELEVANT ACTIVITIES OF THE MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL MEETING BOARD OUTSIDE THE GROUP 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Companies 
Maria João Dias 
Pessoa de Araújo 
 
Director-General 
 
Directorate-General for Treasury 
and Finance 
 
Non-executive member 
of the Board of 
Directors and Member 
of the Audit Comittee 
 
Parpublica SGPS, S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman (non-
executive) of the Board 
of Directors 
 
Lusa Agência de Noticias de 
Portugal, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the 
General Meeting 
 
Parvalorem, S.A. 
Parups, S.A. 
Parpaticipadas, SGPS, S.A. 
Maria Manuela 
Correia Duro Teixeira 
 
Not applicable* 
 
Not applicable* 
Notes: “Not applicable*” means no activities outside the CGD Group. 
EXTERNAL AUDIT FIRM AND STATUTORY AUDITOR 
On 2 July 2021, CGD re-elected Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. (“Ernst & Young”) as 
its Statutory Audit Company/External Auditor for the years 2021 to 2024 at the General Meeting that 
took place on 2 July 2021. Ernst & Young is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory 
Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with registration number 178, registered with the 
CMVM with registration number 20161480, with registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 
6, 1600-206, Lisboa. As external auditors, Ernst & Young issued a report in respect of CGD’s 
consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 and issued an unqualified opinion without emphasis of matter. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to CGD of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors or the Executive Committee in respect of their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE PORTUGUESE STATE 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 287/93 of 20 August 1993, as amended, CGD must remain fully owned by 
the Portuguese State at all times. CGD may, on a contractual basis, undertake special functions 
considered to be of national interest. 
CGD provides the Portuguese Government with banking and investment services in competition with 
other banks. CGD is also able to undertake any other functions specifically attributed to it by law, the 
manner and terms of which are defined in contracts entered into with the Portuguese Government.

--- Page 140 ---
141 
The rights of the Portuguese State as shareholder are exercised by a representative appointed in 
accordance with a regulation issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance. 
CGD and its sole shareholder are required to comply with the principles of corporate governance 
established under Decree-Law 133/2013, of 3 October, as lastly amended by Law 42/2016, of 28 
December, which aims to establish corporate governance best practices in state-owned companies 
and ensure that the control exercised by the Portuguese State is not abused. 
These rules, amongst other things: (i) provide that the exercise of the Portuguese State’s rights as 
shareholder should observe high standards of transparency and, therefore, the members of the 
Government who exercise the shareholding rights of the Portuguese State shall be clearly identified; 
(ii) provide that the Portuguese State shall establish the strategic guidelines and targets to be met by 
CGD and shall actively participate in the general shareholders’ meetings; (iii) provide that the 
Portuguese State shall contribute to the establishment of principles of corporate responsibility and 
sustainable development and compliance by CGD, principles which should be evaluated annually by 
the Portuguese State; (iv) provide that the Portuguese State should ensure that CGD has adequate 
control and evaluation mechanisms, that the economic and financial information provided is 
accurate and reflects the actual situation of CGD, and that CGD complies with best international and 
national corporate governance practices; (v) include rules on the structures of the administration 
and supervisory boards; (vi) include rules on remuneration and other rights; (vii) include rules on 
conflicts of interest and disclosure of material information; and (viii) provide that the Portuguese 
State shall act independently regarding the appointment of executive directors and also when acting 
as a client or as a service provider, taking into consideration market conditions. 
CGD annually discloses its level of compliance with these corporate governance practices in an annex 
to its audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the relevant financial year. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such annex is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
MARKET POSITION 
The statements in this section relating to the CGD Group’s market position are based on calculations 
made by CGD using data produced by itself and/or obtained from other entities, which is contained 
or referred to in the management reports and information disclosed together with CGD’s financial 
statements for the financial years ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. CGD is engaged 
in all areas of the Portuguese financial sector. It provides customers with a full range of financial 
products and services, ranging from traditional banking to investment banking, insurance, asset 
management, venture capital, brokerage, real estate and specialised credit services. 
CGD Group’s branch office network, at the end of 2022, comprised 891 banking presences, 36 fewer 
than in 2021.  
CGD ended the year with 486 branches and Espaços Caixa, 6 self-service branches, 24 “corporate 
offices” and an additional 2 office extensions, 3 mobile units and one Caixa BI branch, coming to a 
total of 522 presences in Portugal and continuing to present itself as the largest distribution network 
of national retail banking, a position underlined by the significant reductions in the physical presence 
of several other banks. CGD provides 3,182 self-service equipment, including 677 items of equipment 
on its own network plus 2,505 Multibanco network ATMs.  
Caixa consolidated its leadership as the digital bank of the Portuguese in 2022, with expressive 
growth in the number of active digital customers and remote business. In the domestic market, Caixa

--- Page 141 ---
142 
reached 2.2 million active digital customers, comprising households and companies, representing 65 
per cent. of the customer base and 8% year-on-year growth.  
Also noteworthy is the growth of the mobile channel, which reaches 1.5 million household and 
business customers (18% year-on-year) and whose relevance has been increasing among users. 
In remote customer management, CGD continued to invest in innovative projects, such as the Virtual 
Assistant in the Contact Centre, which allows customers to interact and carry out operations using 
natural language, ensuring that their requests are answered automatically, with a humanised voice 
and in a conversational context. 
DABOX continues to be the leading open banking app in Portugal, with a market share of 34 per cent. 
(according to the SIBS API Market data for 4Q 2022). It now permits views of balances and 
movements on the Caixa Break card. 
There were 2.2 million active digital banking customers at the end of December 2022, up 18 per cent. 
in terms of mobile users to 1.5 million. Sales on digital channels in terms of CGD’s activity in Portugal 
totalled €80 million. 
THE GROUP’S GEOGRAPHIC MARKETS  
At the international level, the group had 369 branches at the end of 2022 with international presence 
in geographies with a strong relationship with Portugal, promoting the products and services 
available at CGD’s branch network in Portugal to customers residing in those countries. 
Set out below is a chart detailing the companies within the CGD Group and presenting CGD’s or its 
subsidiaries’ equity interest where appropriate, as at 31 December 2022. 
  
DOMESTIC 
INTERNATIONAL 
COMMERCIAL BANKING 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos 
Banco Caixa Geral (Brazil)  
100.0% 
  
  
Banco Nacional Ultramarino (Macao) 
100.0% 
  
  
B. Comercial do Atlântico (Cape 
Verde) 
58.8% 
  
  
B. Interatlântico (Cape Verde) 
81.7% 
  
  
B. Com. Invest. (Mozambique) 
63.3% 
  
  
Banco Caixa Geral (Angola) 
51.0% 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Caixa Gestão de Ativos 
100.0%   
  
CGD Pensões 
100.0%   
  
INVESTMENT BANKING  
AND VENTURE CAPITAL 
Caixa Banco de 
Investimento 
100.0% A Promotora (Cape Verde) 
45.8% 
Caixa Capital 
100.0%   
  
AUXILIARY SERVICES 
Caixa Serviços 
Partilhados 
100.0% Inmobiliaria Caixa Geral (Spain) 
100.0% 
Caixa Imobiliário 
100.0% Imobci (Mozambique) 
46.3% 
OTHER PARTICIPATIONS Caixa Participações, 
SGPS 
100.0%   
  
2021 saw the reorganisation of the CGD Group, aimed to simplify its structure by reducing the 
number of holding companies, which was carried out through the merger or dissolution of associated 
companies, highlighted by the merger by incorporation of Parbanca, SGPS, S.A. in Caixa – 
Participações, SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 142 ---
143 
The structure resulting from this reorganisation will contribute to a higher profitability in future years 
by eliminating operating costs for the CGD Group. 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Set out below is a summary based on the information from the audited consolidated financial 
statements (consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated accounts) 
of the CGD Group for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
For further information, please also see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
RESULTS 
CGD ended 2022 with a consolidated net income of €843 million, up 44 per cent. over the end of 
2021 figure of €583 million. In an unstable economic environment, the evolution of CGD's results in 
2022 are justified essentially due to three effects: 1) obtaining a core operating income of €474 
million above the figure recorded in 2021, offsetting the €444 million increase in operating costs 
(€404 million of which are related to non-recurring factors); 2) the increase in the results of the 
international activity, with a positive progression of the financial margin in most countries and a 
positive global impact from the exchange rate variation and 3) the decrease of €174 million in 
provisions and impairments, compared to 2021 (taking into account the non-recurring recording of 
provisions associated with personnel restructuring costs, carried out in 2021). 
 
INCOME STATEMENT (CONSOLIDATED) 
(EUR thousand) 
  
  
  
Change 
  
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Interest and similar income 
1,428,190 
1,865,048 
436,859 
30.6% 
Interest and similar costs 
448,927 
457,057 
8,130 
1.8% 
Net interest income 
979,263 
1,407,991 
428,729 
43.8% 
Income from equity instruments 
13,051 
14,099 
1,049 
8.0% 
Net interest income including income from 
eq. investm. 
992,313 
1,422,091 
429,777 
43.3% 
Fees and commissions income 
685,890 
755,983 
70,094 
10.2% 
Fees and commissions expenses 
124,370 
149,529 
25,159 
20.2% 
Net fees and commissions 
561,520 
606,454 
44,934 
8.0% 
Net trading income 
174,133 
216,046 
41,913 
24.1% 
Other operating income 
13,491 
59,850 
46,360 
343.6% 
Non-interest income 
749,143 
882,351 
133,207 
17.8% 
Total operating income 
1,741,457 
2,304,441 
562,984 
32.3% 
Employee costs 
-422,923 
816,254 
393,331 
93.0% 
Administrative expenses 
229,195 
251,110 
21,915 
9.6% 
Depreciation and amortisation 
107,179 
135,722 
28,542 
26.6%

--- Page 143 ---
144 
Operating costs 
759,297 
1,203,085 
443,788 
58.4% 
Net operating income before impairments 
982,160 
1,101,356 
119,196 
12.1% 
Credit impairment (net) 
41,792 
-5,300 
-47,092 
-112.7% 
Provisions and impairment of other assets 
(net) 
103,340 
-23,542 
-126,882 
-122.8% 
Provisions and impairments 
145,132 
-28,842 
-173,974 
-119.9% 
Net operating income  
837,027 
1,130,198 
293,171 
35.0% 
Income Tax 
271,744 
271,374 
-371 
-0.1% 
Current 
69,097 
78,005 
8,908 
12.9% 
Deferred 
173,914 
156,265 
-17,650 
-10.1% 
Contribution on the banking sector 
28,733 
37,104 
8,372 
29.1% 
Net operating income after tax before non-
contr. int. 
565,283 
858,825 
293,541 
51.9% 
Non-controlling interests 
50,334 
80,289 
29,955 
59.5% 
Results of associated companies 
56,519 
47,690 
-8,829 
-15.6% 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale 
11,893 
16,561 
4,667 
39.2% 
Net income 
583,361 
842,786 
259,424 
44.5% 
 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
EFFICIENCY RATIOS 
(%) 
  
 
  
  
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
Cost-to-income (consolidated operations) (1) 
42.2% 
51.1% 
Cost-to-core income (2)(3) 
48.0% 
39.1% 
Employee Costs / Total Operating Income (1) 
24.3% 
35.4% 
Recurrent Employee Costs / Recurrent** Total Core Operating Income (2) (3) 
32.5% 
24.3% 
Administrative Expenses / Total Operating Income 
13.2% 
10.9% 
Operating Costs / Average Net Assets(4) 
0.8% 
1.1% 
Total Operating Income / Average Net Assets(4) 
1.8% 
2.2% 
 (1) Calculated in accordance with Bank of Portugal Instruction No. 6//2018. 
(2) Cost-to-core income ratio = Operating costs / Total operating income of core activity.  
(3)Total core operating income = Net interest income + net fees and commissions. 
(4) Average of the last 13 months observations. 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
** Deducted from noncurrent factors.

--- Page 144 ---
145 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (EUR million) 
  
  
 
  
Change 
Assets 
2021-12 
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Cash and cash equivalents with central banks 
23,000 
22,962 
21,812 
-1,151 
-5.0% 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
3,924 
3,693 
3,992 
299 
8.1% 
Securities investments 
21,152 
21,151 
18,689 
-2,462 
-11.6% 
Loans and advances to customers 
50,184 
49,701 
50,778 
1,077 
2.2% 
Assets with repurchase agreement 
8 
8 
0 
-8 
-100.0% 
Non-current assets held for sale  
336 
1,136 
1,220 
85 
7.5% 
Investment properties 
33 
33 
56 
23 
69.3% 
Intangible and tangible assets 
746 
729 
780 
51 
7.1% 
Investm. in subsid. and associated companies 
530 
526 
476 
-50 
-9.4% 
Current and deferred tax assets 
1,575 
1,573 
1,029 
-544 
-34.6% 
Other assets 
2,522 
2,506 
3,670 
1,163 
46.4% 
Total assets 
104,010 
104,018 
102,503 
-1,515 
-1.5% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Central banks' and credit institutions' resources 
6,745 
6,755 
338 
-6,417 
-95.0% 
Customer resources 
79,756 
79,031 
83,972 
4,941 
6.3% 
Debt securities 
1,790 
1,790 
1,368 
-421 
-23.5% 
Financial liabilities 
382 
382 
221 
-161 
-42.1% 
Non-current liabilities held for sale  
148 
887 
990 
102 
11.5% 
Provisions 
977 
974 
906 
-68 
-7.0% 
Subordinated liabilities 
1,118 
1,118 
1,118 
1 
0.1% 
Other liabilities 
3,808 
3,795 
4,107 
312 
8.2% 
Sub-total 
94,723 
94,731 
93,020 
-1,711 
-1.8% 
Shareholders' equity 
9,287 
9,287 
9,483 
196 
2.1% 
Total 
104,010 
104,018 
102,503 
-1,515 
-1.5% 
 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
 
CGD’s consolidated total assets decreased 1.5 per cent. over the €104,018 million (restated) at the 
end of December 2021 to €102,503 million at the end of December 2022.  
The contribution to consolidated total assets from the various Group entities was as follows:

--- Page 145 ---
146 
CGD GROUP's CONSOLIDATED NET ASSET 
(EUR million) 
  
  
  
  
  
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
CGD'S GROUP 
Total 
Structure 
Total 
Structure 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos (1) 
88,776 
85.3% 
85,908 
83.8% 
Banco Nacional Ultramarino, SA (Macau) 
5,681 
5.5% 
6,232 
6.1% 
France branch 
3,235 
3.1% 
3,213 
3.1% 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos (Moçambique) 
2,512 
2.4% 
2,977 
2.9% 
Banco Caixa Geral Angola S.A. 
977 
0.9% 
1,360 
1.3% 
Other companies (2) 
2,837 
2.7% 
2,814 
2.7% 
Consolidated total assets 
104,018 
100.0% 
102,503 
100.0% 
 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (GROSS)  
(EUR million) 
  
  
  
Change 
  
2021-12 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Corporate & General government 
22,731 
22,732 
1 
0.0% 
Individual customers 
29,767 
30,301 
534 
1.8% 
Mortgage loans 
27,265 
27,611 
346 
1.3% 
Consumer credit 
1,378 
1,580 
202 
14.6% 
Other  
1,124 
1,110 
-14 
-1.2% 
Total 
52,498 
53,032 
534 
1.0% 
 
ASSET QUALITY (consolidated) 
  
2021-12 
2022-12 
NPL ratio (1) 
2.8% 
2.4% 
NPE ratio (2) 
2.3% 
2.1% 
Forborne ratio for loans and advances (3) 
2.2% 
2.2% 
NPL coverage by impairments(3) 
107.8% 
122.0% 
NPE coverage by impairments(3) 
98.6% 
107.8% 
Coverage ratio on forborne loans and advances(3) 
96.2% 
79.1% 
Credit impairments (P&L) / Loans & Advances to Customers (average(4)) 
0.08% 
-0.01%

--- Page 146 ---
147 
(1) NPL - Non Performing Loans (EBA definition)  
(2) NPE - Non Performing Exposure (EBA definition)  
(3) EBA definition. 
(4) Average of the last 13 month obersvations.  
 
The improvement in CGD's asset quality was also felt in terms of real estate held for sale which was 
down €110 million over the preceding year, totalling €291 million at the end of 2022, the lowest 
value since 2008. The balance on the Restructuring Funds also decreased by €235 million with the 
successful completion of the Crow Project, a process for the sale of investment units in several funds, 
enabling 2022 to end with an exposure of €205 million, less than half of the €440 million recorded in 
the preceding year. 
 
Resources  
Customer deposits accounted for 90 per cent. of CGD's liabilities in December 2022, clearly 
illustrating the characteristics of a bank geared to the Portuguese retail market, operating for the 
benefit of households and companies. 
Customer deposits increased by €4,934 million (+6.2 per cent.) when compared to the end of the 
previous year, an evolution essentially justified by the high savings rate in Portugal. 
 
 
RESOURCES TAKEN BY GROUP – BALANCES 
(EUR million) 
Change 
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Balance sheet 
79,031 
83,972 
4,941 
6.3% 
Customer deposits (Consolidated) 
78,941 
83,875 
4,934 
6.2% 
Domestic activity 
68,728 
72,605 
3,878 
5.6% 
Individuals 
53,289 
55,969 
2,681 
5.0% 
Corporates 
12,225 
13,429 
1,205 
9.9% 
General Government 
3,214 
3,207 
-07 
-0.2% 
International activity 
10,214 
11,270 
1,056 
10.3% 
Other 
89 
97 
07 
8.2% 
Off-balance sheet 
16,727 
14,329 
-2,398 
-14.3% 
Total 
95,758 
98,300 
2,543 
2.7% 
 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement.

--- Page 147 ---
148 
 
 
CUSTOMER RESOURCES – BALANCES 
(EUR million) 
  
 
  
Change 
  
2021-12 
(Restated*) 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Customers deposits 
78,941 
83,875 
4,934 
6.2% 
Sight deposits 
42,610 
46,092 
3,482 
8.2% 
Term and savings deposits 
35,475 
36,871 
1,396 
3.9% 
Mandatory deposits 
857 
913 
56 
6.5% 
Other resources 
89 
97 
07 
7.9% 
Total 
79,031 
83,972 
4,941 
6.3% 
* The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was, in December 2022, classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale”, therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 was restated, since 
IFRS 5 “NonCurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
 
The total of securities issued, stood at €2,487 million, which represented a decrease of 14.5 per cent. 
compared to the end of 2021. This evolution resulted from the repayment of 2 issues of covered 
bonds placed with institutional investors, whose maturity took place during the year 2022. 
In June, CGD carried out the issue of senior preferred debt (senior preferred), in the amount of €300 
million, with a maturity of 4 years and the possibility of early repayment after 3 years and a coupon 
of 2.875 per cent., CGD once again launched a new issue of senior preferential debt on the market 
in the amount of €500 million, with a maturity of 6 years and the possibility of early repayment at 
the end of 5 years and a coupon of 5.75 per cent.. 
 
SECURITIES 
(EUR million) 
  
  
  
Change 
  
2021-12 
2022-12 
Total 
(%) 
Senior debt 
530 
1,368 
838 
158.0% 
Covered bonds 
1,259 
0 
-1,259 
-100.0% 
Subordinated debt 
1,118 
1,118 
1 
0.1% 
Other 
0 
1 
0 
88.8% 
Total 
2,908 
2,487 
-421 
-14.5%

--- Page 148 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) RWA – Risk Weighted Assets; 
(2) CBR – Combined Buffer Requirement - O-SII + CCB. 
 
Set out below in summary form are the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
(consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated accounts) of the 
CGD Group for the first half 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023. 
Results 
In the first half of 2023, Group Caixa Geral de Depósitos generated a consolidated net profit of €607.9 
million, up 25.2 per cent. over the €485.7 million for the same period 2022. 
Consolidated net interest income was up €738.1 million, essentially on account of two effects in the 
activity in Portugal: 
• the impact of higher interest rates on retail operations, split between the segment of individual 
customers (up €270 million) and companies and other customers (up €148 million); 
• and the contribution of the domestic treasury activity. In the case of the deposits in Central Banks, 
it should be noted that in the first half of 2022, the negative interest rates applied by the European 
Central Bank represented a cost, which was the opposite of the first six months of 2023, when 
positive rates were recorded, resulting in an increase of interest income from these deposits by 
€253 million. The remaining domestic activity, including the securities portfolio management, was 
up €32 million.  
International activity also made a relevant contribution to the evolution of net interest income (up 
€34.6 million), particularly in the case of Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. (Moçambique) 
(up €11.4 million) and Banco Nacional Ultramarino Macau (up €15.8 million). 
Commissions were down 4.9 per cent. (by €14.9 million) over June 2022. Component parts of this 
variation were the decreases recorded at CGD Portugal (down €7.8 million) and at Banco Comercial 
e de Investimentos, S.A. (Mozambique) (down €5.8 million), where emphasis should be given to 
lower commissions associated to credit operations, and other exemptions, and marketing of 
securities. 
Income from financial operations was up by an atypical €77.3 million over the first six months of 
2022. This evolution derived from the non-recurring operation involving the liquidation of the 
22.94%
27.82%
26.44%
2022
2024-01-01
MREL  
(% of RWA) 
(1)
 
Target 
3.5%  
CBR (2)

--- Page 149 ---
150 
pension fund. Excluding this extraordinary effect, income from financial operations would have had 
a negative variation of €2.7 million. 
Other operating income was down €30.3 million over June 2022. This variation is essentially 
explained by the non-recurring profit made on the disposal of real estate in Portugal in the first half 
2022. Net of such extraordinary effects, the change would have been a positive €10.6 million. 
Operating costs increased €65.1 million (up 13.3 per cent.) compared to June 2022, due essentially 
to the increase recorded in staff costs (up €28.5 million) and general administrative expenses (up 
€34.5 million). Deducting the extraordinary effects that occurred in the first half of 2022 and 2023, 
essentially associated with the employee restructuring programme, operating costs were up 9.1 per 
cent., by €38.5 million, compared to June 2022. This was not unrelated to the effect of the evolution 
of the inflation rate. 
Provisions and impairment in first half 2023 were up €496.2 million over the same period 2022. 
However, this variation was influenced by non-recurring factors essentially associated with the 
employee restructuring programme and disposal of non-core assets in 2022. Therefore, net of 
extraordinary effects, provisions and impairment in terms of consolidated activity in first half 2023 
were up €378.5 million. Of this amount, €332.5 million are related to credit risks, with the objective 
of providing for the uncertainty characterising the economy in 2023. The cost of credit risk was 
consequently up to 0.40 per cent. in June 2023. 
The increase in operating income resulted in a higher tax burden in the June 2023 period, by €76.9 
million, in comparison to first half 2022. 
In respect of the remaining items of Caixa group’s profit and loss account, income from equity 
instruments was down 56.2 per cent. by €5.4 million to €4.2 million in June 2023. In turn, corporate 
earnings measured by the equity accounting method were down 45.1 per cent. over June 2022 to 
€12.4 million and the earnings of companies held-for-sale totalled €10.7 million, an increase of €3.7 
million over the same period 2022. Non-controlling interests component was down €2.0 million. 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
(EUR million) 
 
  
  
  
2022-12 
(Restated*) 
2023-06 
Change 
ASSETS 
  
  
( %) 
Cash and cash equiv. with central banks 
21,812 
19,269 
-11.7 % 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
3,990 
3,217 
-19.4 % 
Securities investments 
18,689 
17,644 
-5.6 % 
Loans and advances to customers 
50,778 
50,253 
-1.0 % 
Assets with repurchase agreement 
0 
  
- 
Non-current assets held for sale  
1,271 
1,380 
8.6 % 
Investment properties 
17 
613 
3,528.7 % 
Intangible and tangible assets 
780 
1,007 
29.0 % 
Investment in subsidiaries and associated companies 
476 
488 
2.6 % 
Current and deferred tax assets 
1,029 
805 
-21.7 % 
Other assets 
3,669 
3,189 
-13.1 % 
Total assets 
102,511 
97,866 
-4.5 % 
LIABILITIES

--- Page 150 ---
151 
Central banks' and credit institutions resources 
338 
384 
13.6 % 
Customer resources 
83,972 
79,297 
-5.6 % 
Debt securities 
1,368 
1,374 
0.4 % 
Financial liabilities 
221 
189 
-14.4 % 
Non-current liabilities held for sale  
999 
1,062 
6.3 % 
Provisions 
906 
1,082 
19.4 % 
Subordinated liabilities 
1,118 
605 
-45.9 % 
Other liabilities 
4,106 
4,265 
3.9 % 
Sub-total 
93,029 
88,258 
-5.1 % 
Shareholders' equity 
9,483 
9,607 
1.3 % 
Total 
102,511 
97,866 
4.5 % 
*The December 2022 accounts of the consolidated activity were restated for comparability purposes due to the shareholder position 
in Flitptrel IV SA e Flitptrel Porto Santo SA being classified under “Non-current assets held for sale” in June 2023. 
 
CGD’s consolidated net assets reached €97,866 million at the end of June 2023, down 4.5 per cent., 
due to the decline in deposits at central banks and securities investments. 
 
INCOME STATEMENT (CONSOLIDATED) 
(EUR thousand) 
  
 
  
  
  
2022-06 
(Restated*) 
2023-06 
Change 
  
  
  
Total 
( %) 
Interest and similar income 
831,179 
1,590,397 
759,217 
91.3 % 
Interest and similar costs 
253,044 
274,208 
21,164 
8.4 % 
Net interest income 
578,135 
1,316,189 
738,054 
127.7 % 
Income from equity instruments 
9,521 
4,168 
-5,352 
-56.2 % 
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. investm. 
587,656 
1,320,357 
732,701 
124.7 % 
Fees and commissions income 
373,369 
362,099 
-11,269 
-3.0 % 
Fees and commissions expenses 
69,256 
72,923 
3,668 
5.3 % 
Net fees and commissions 
304,113 
289,176 
-14,937 
-4.9 % 
Net trading income 
74,981 
152,297 
77,316 
103.1 % 
Other operating income 
43,460 
13,175 
-30,285 
-69.7 % 
Non-interest income 
422,554 
454,648 
32,094 
7.6 % 
Total operating income 
1,010,209 
1,775,005 
764,796 
75.7 % 
Employee costs 
322,718 
351,195 
28,476 
8.8 % 
Administrative expenses 
104,112 
138,643 
34,530 
33.2 % 
Depreciation and amortisation 
64,212 
66,304 
2,092 
3.3 % 
Operating costs 
491,043 
556,141 
65,098 
13.3 % 
Net operating income before impairments 
519,167 
1,218,864 
699,697 
134.8 % 
Credit impairment 
-109,471 
169,784 
279,254 
- 
Credit recoveries 
-40,646 
-63,284 
-22,638 
- 
Provisions for reduction of employees 
-58,660 
72,585 
131,245 
- 
Provisions for guarantees and other commitments 
-18,358 
22,668 
41,026 
-

--- Page 151 ---
152 
Other provisions and impairments 
-3,225 
64,076 
67,301 
- 
Provisions and impairments 
-230,359 
265,829 
496,188 
- 
Net operating income  
749,526 
953,035 
203,509 
27.2 % 
Income Tax 
251,598 
328,516 
76,918 
30.6 % 
of which Contribution on the banking sector 
37,104 
39,456 
2,352 
6.3 % 
Net op. inc. after tax and before non-controlling int. 
497,928 
624,519 
126,591 
25.4 % 
Non-controlling interests 
41,765 
39,723 
-2,043 
-4.9 % 
Results of associated companies 
22,546 
12,384 
-10,162 
-45.1 % 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale 
6,990 
10,679 
3,689 
52.8 % 
Net income 
485,698 
607,859 
122,161 
25.2 % 
*The June 2022 accounts of the consolidated activity were restated for comparability purposes due to the shareholder position in 
Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) being classified under “Non-current assets held for sale” in December 2022. 
 
Non-performing loans (NPL) 
The NPL ratio reached 2.48 per cent., compared to 2.43 per cent. in December 2022 influenced by 
the reduction in the loan portfolio. The first half of 2023 witnessed a strengthening of credit 
impairment, raising the coverage ratio to 132.2 per cent. (total coverage of 150.2 per cent. including 
allocated collateral), with the NPL ratio net of impairment remaining at 0 per cent. (zero). CGD 
continues to enjoy a highly favourable position in terms of its coverage levels in comparison to the 
domestic and European average. 
Liquidity  
Considering the ample available liquidity and robust solvency and having obtained prior 
authorization from the European Central Bank (ECB), CGD exercised the option of early repayment 
of the issue of Tier 2 own funds, in the amount of €500 million, with effect from June 28 2023, the 
first contractually foreseen date for the exercise of the call. 
At the end of June 2023, the total value of CGD Group assets available as collateral for the Eurosystem 
amounted to approximately €14.4 billion, to which the significant volume of available funds with the 
Bank of Portugal must be added. 
With regard to CGD Group's funding structure, customer deposits assume a fundamental weight, 
representing 90.7 per cent. of total consolidated liabilities (excluding non-current liabilities held for 
sale). 
At the end of June 2023 the LCR stood at 278.3 per cent., a value much higher than the current 
regulatory liquidity coverage requirement of 100 per cent.. 
Capital 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the fully loaded CET1, Tier 1 and Total ratios (including net income 
for the period deducted of the dividend payout ratio calculated under decision (EU) no. 2015/656 of 
the ECB, and the estimated effect of the payment of a dividend in kind) were 19.4 per cent., 19.4 per 
cent. and 19.7 per cent. respectively, meeting CGD’s current capital requirements with a comfortable 
margin. These ratios, above the Portuguese and European average, show CGD's robust and adequate 
capital position. 
According to the decision of the European Central Bank (ECB) in December 2022, on the minimum 
prudential requirements in force for 2023, based on the results of the last Supervisory Review and

--- Page 152 ---
153 
Evaluation Process (SREP), the Pillar 2 requirement for CGD in 2023 is 1.9 per cent.. This represents 
a reduction of 10 bps compared to 2022 and 35 bps compared to 2021 (two consecutive reductions), 
thus reflecting an improved perception by the Supervisor of the institution’s global risk profile. 
MREL 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities by CGD, within 
the scope of the MREL, represented 27.85 per cent. of total risk-weighted assets, exceeding the value 
applicable from 1 January 2024 (26.44 per cent.). It should be noted that this result occurs after the 
early redemption of the Tier 2 issue in June. 
CGD is not subject to compliance with any minimum subordination requirement, and the preferred 
resolution strategy is the Multiple Point-of-Entry (MPE) approach. 
Rating 
In May 2023, DBRS Morningstar upgraded its Long Term Senior Issuer Rating to BBB (high) from BBB, 
the Short-Term Issuer Rating to R-1 (Low) from R-2 (high) and the Long Term Deposit Ratings at A 
(Low) from BBB (high). The Trend of these ratings was revised to “Stable”. 
The evolution in investment grade notching took into consideration the improvement in profitability 
as well as the maintenance of a solid capitalisation and stable liquidity position an also in June 2023, 
DBRS Morningstar upgraded the rating of CGD’s covered bonds one notch, from AA to AA (high). 
Also in May 2023, Moody's Investors Service upgraded CGD's Baseline Credit Assessment rating from 
baa3 to baa2, as well as that of deposits from Baa2 to Baa1, with a Positive outlook, and raised the 
Tier 2 debt rating to investment grade, from Ba1 to Baa3. The senior debt rating was at Baa2, the 
same level as the Portuguese Republic, with the outlook evolving to Positive. CGD's senior non-
preferred debt rating remained at Baa3. In November 2023, Moody's Investors Service upgraded 
CGD's Baseline Credit Assessment rating from baa2 to baa1, as well as that of deposits from Baa1 to 
A3, with a Stable outlook and raised the senior debt rating from Baa2 to Baa1. 
In its assessment, Moody's considered the strengthening of CGD's credit profile, namely the 
improvement in asset quality and capital ratios, along with the continued increase in recurring 
results. 
On 21 September 2023, Fitch Ratings upgraded CGD’s long-term ratings to BBB, keeping a Stable 
Outlook. 
Activity and Unaudited financial information for the first nine months of 2023 
Results 
CGD ended the first nine months of 2023 with a consolidated net profit of €987 million, up 43% over 
the €692 million in the same period of 2022. 
The consolidated net interest income increased by €1,179 million, essentially on the account of the 
activity in Portugal. This change in net interest income was due to three effects:  
• 
the contribution of treasury activity. In the case of the deposits in Central Banks, it should 
be noted that in 2022 the negative interest rates applied by the European Central Bank 
represented a cost, which was the opposite of the first nine months of 2023, when positive 
rates were recorded, resulting in an increase of interest income from these deposits by €417 
million. It should be noted that, with effect from 20 September, minimum reserves no longer

--- Page 153 ---
154 
receive remuneration. Other domestic activity, including the securities portfolio 
management, was up €65 million;  
• 
the impact of higher interest rates on the segments of individual customers (up €412 million) 
and companies and other customers (up €260 million);  
• 
international activity also made a relevant contribution to the evolution of net interest 
income (up €25 million), particularly in the case of Banco Nacional Ultramarino Macau (up 
€21 million). It should also be noted that the negative change in Banco Caixa Geral Angola 
S.A. 's contribution (-€11 million) was due to negative exchange rate variations in the period 
(-€24 million). 
Commissions were down by €31 million (-7%) over September 2022, where the lower fees associated 
with credit stood out in a context of lower demand and application of exemptions. Component parts 
of this variation were the decreases recorded at CGD Portugal (down €14 million) and Banco 
Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. (Mozambique) (down €9 million). 
Income from financial operations was up by €21 million over the first nine months of 2022. This 
growth was strongly influenced by the non-recurring effect of the liquidation of the CGD Employee’s 
Pension Fund, which took place in February 2023. Excluding this extraordinary effect, income from 
financial operations was down €59 million, affected by the performance of interest rate derivatives 
(down €73 million). 
Other operating income was up by €77 million over the September 2022. However, excluding the 
non-recurring gains associated with the disposal of real estate in Portugal in the first nine months of 
2022 and the recognition of the capital gain related to the valuation of the Headquarters Building 
(€82 million), among other effects that occurred in 2023, the change would have been a positive €36 
million. 
Total operating costs increased €78 million (up 11%) compared to September 2022, mainly due to 
the increase in employee costs (up €41 million) and general administrative expenses (up €43 million). 
Deducting the extraordinary effects that occurred in the first nine months of 2022 and 2023, mainly 
associated with the employee restructuring programme, operating costs increased €49 million (up 
8%) compared to September 2022, which was not unrelated to the effect of the evolution of the 
inflation rate.  
Provisions and impairments recorded in 2023, up to September, increased by €690 million over the 
same period of 2022. This change is based on the continuity of CGD's conservative and preventive 
stance in hedging any risks posed by the current economic environment. However, this change was 
influenced by non-recurring factors, mainly associated with the employee restructuring programme 
(reversal of provisioning in 2022 and reinforcement in 2023), the disposal of asset portfolios in both 
periods, and the actuarial review under Decree-Law No. 14/2023. Net of extraordinary effects, 
provisions and impairments in terms of consolidated activity in the first nine months of 2023 was 
€369 million. Of this amount, €305 million are related to credit risks, with the objective of providing 
for the uncertainty characterising the economy in 2023. The cost of credit risk was consequently up 
to 0.36% in September 2023 from -0.01% in December 2022. 
The increase in operating income resulted in a tax burden €181 million higher in September 2023 
over the first nine months of 2022.

--- Page 154 ---
155 
In the remaining items of the CGD Group's income statement, income from equity instruments 
decreased by €7 million (down 53%), totalling €6 million in September 2023. In turn, the results from 
companies consolidated by the equity method totalled €27 million, down 12% compared to 
September 2022, and the results of subsidiaries held for sale totalled €16 million, an increase of €4 
million compared to the same period of 2022. Non-controlling interests were down by €5 million. 
Balance Sheet 
CGD’s consolidated net assets reached €98,378 million at the end of September 2023, down 4.0 per 
cent. over December 2022, determined by the evolution of customer resources, which were down 
€4,430 million, mostly explained by CGD Portugal (-€3,863 million), due to the trend in the financial 
sector of transferring deposits to Savings Certificates and early amortisation of loans. 
In 2023, CGD increased its share capital by €682 million, through the incorporation of reserves. As a 
result of this conversion, CGD's share capital increased from €3,844 million to €4,526 million, fully 
owned by CGD's sole shareholder, the Portuguese State. 
The consolidated loans and advances to customers portfolio reached €52,790 million (gross).In the 
domestic market, customer deposits were down 4.9 per cent. over December 2022. However, during 
the third quarter there was a reversal of this trend with an increase of around €200 million. CGD 
maintained its leading position in total customer deposits, with a 23.1 per cent. share, and in 
individual customers' deposits with a 31.4 per cent. share, as of September 2023. 
Total resources taken from consolidated activity were €93,343 million at the end of September 2023. 
Off-balance sheet resources stood at €13.8 million. 
The loans-to-deposits ratio in September 2023 stood at 64 per cent., an increase compared to the 
end of 2022 (61 per cent.). 
In terms of asset quality, the volume of NPL (Non-Performing Loans) had a decline, as a result of the 
combined effect of the evolution in the components of cures, recoveries, sales and write-offs, against 
inflows.  
The NPL ratio reached 2.09 per cent., compared to 2.43 per cent. in December 2022 influenced by 
the reduction in the loan portfolio. The first 9 months of 2023 witnessed a strengthening of credit 
impairment, raising the coverage ratio to 147.8 per cent. (total coverage of 169.0 per cent. including 
allocated collateral), with the NPL ratio net of impairment remaining at 0 per cent (zero). CGD 
continues to enjoy a highly favourable position in terms of its coverage levels in comparison to the 
domestic and European average. 
In July, the result of the European Banking Authority (EBA) 2023 stress test at European Union level 
was released. CGD ranked 1st among the banking groups supervised by the ECB and 3rd as the 
banking group with the lowest capital reduction among the 70 banks included in the test, within the 
largest European groups in the sector. 
This result reflects progressive improvement in CGD's financial and prudential position, as well as the 
group's level of robustness, improving its capacity to absorb exogenous shocks. 
Liquidity 
CGD continues to have a significant level of liquidity, both in deposits with the Eurosystem, around 
€20 million, and in the total amount of assets available for collateral, which, at the end of September 
2023, totalled around €14.2 billion.

--- Page 155 ---
156 
Regarding CGD Group's funding structure, customer deposits assume a fundamental weight, 
representing 90.7 per cent. of total consolidated liabilities (excluding non-current liabilities held for 
sale). At the end of September 2023, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) stood at 304.7 per cent., a 
value much higher than the current regulatory liquidity coverage requirement of 100 per cent.. 
Capital 
The fully loaded CET1, Tier 1 and Total ratios (including net income less the maximum distributable 
amount in accordance with the dividend policy), stood at 20.1 per cent., 20.1 per cent. and 20.3 per 
cent. respectively, complying with the capital requirements in force for CGD with a comfortable 
margin. These ratios, which are higher than the Portuguese and European average, demonstrate 
CGD's robust and adequate capital position.  
Having met all the conditions established at the General Meeting on June 29, 2023, namely the 
necessary authorizations from the European Central Bank, in its capacity as supervisory entity, on 
September 26, CGD proceeded with the settlement of the largest dividend ever paid by CGD to its 
Shareholder, in the total amount of €713 million. This value corresponded to a cash payment for the 
2022 financial year, in accordance with the dividend policy, in the amount of €352 million, and the 
transfer to the Portuguese State of the ownership of its Headquarters Building, in the form of an 
additional distribution in kind, worth €361 million. 
MREL 
In September 2023, the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities held by CGD within the scope of 
the MREL (Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) represented 27.86 per cent. 
of total risk-weighted assets (RWA) and 10.73 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure (LRE), 
exceeding the target level determined by the Resolution Authority for mandatory compliance from 
January 1, 2024 (26.44 per cent. RWA and 6.27 per cent. LRE). It should be noted that this result 
occurs after the early redemption of the Tier 2 issuance in June and the dividend payment in 
September. 
CGD is not subject to compliance with any minimum subordination requirement, and the preferred 
resolution strategy is Multiple Point of Entry approach.  
Domestic and International activity 
The contribution of the domestic units to the CGD Group's net income in the first nine months of 
2023 was €837 million, which compares to €538 million (up 56 per cent.) in the same period of 2022. 
CGD's activity was the main responsible for the variation registered in the set of entities operating in 
Portugal, with a contribution of €783 million (up €329 million) to the consolidated net income. 
The very positive net interest income performance of the domestic activity benefited from the 
positive effects of retail operations, due to the impact of rising interest rates, and of the treasury 
activity. 
Other operating income from the domestic activity increased by €108 million, benefiting from non-
recurring gains associated with the disposal of real estate in Portugal in the first nine months of 2022 
and the recognition of the capital gain related to the valuation of the Headquarters Building (€82 
million), among other effects that occurred in 2023. 
On the other hand, operating costs increased by €77 million (up 15 per cent.), an increase justified 
by the evolution of general administrative expenses and employee costs. Reference should be made

--- Page 156 ---
157 
to the latter, influenced by extraordinary factors, including the increase in the costs of the employee 
restructuring programme in 2023 compared to 2022.  
In the first nine months of 2023, provisions and impairments in domestic activity were up €683 
million over the same period of 2022, strongly impacted by non-recurring effects. Excluding these 
effects, the increase in provisions and impairments over September 2022 was €369 million, reflecting 
the uncertainty generated by the current macroeconomic environment. 
 
(EUR million) 
 
Domestic Activity 
International Activity 
CONTRIBUTION TO CONSOLIDATED 
P&L (*) 
 
 
 
Restated 
 
 
2022-09 
2023-09 
Change 
2022-09 
2023-09 
Change 
 
(Restated)1 
 
(%) 
(Restated)1 
 
(%) 
Interest and similar income 
811.2 
2,045.5 
152.2% 
486.2 
556.4 
14.4% 
Interest and similar costs 
258.6 
337.2 
30.4% 
128.9 
174.5 
35.4% 
Net interest income 
552.6 
1,708.4 
209.2% 
357.3 
381.8 
6.9% 
Income from equity instruments 
12.2 
5.7 
-53.5% 
0.5 
0.3 
-30.3% 
Net fees and commissions 
385.1 
369.3 
-4.1% 
71.5 
57.1 
-20.1% 
Net trading income 
101.7 
106.2 
4.4% 
41.4 
57.7 
39.4% 
Other operating income 
24.7 
133.0 
438.9% 
39.3 
4.8 
- 
Total operating income 
1,076.2 
2,322.5 
115.8% 
509.9 
501.7 
-1.6% 
Employee costs 
319.7 
361.9 
13.2% 
125.8 
124.4 
-1.1% 
Administrative expenses 
117.8 
154.9 
31.5% 
66.9 
71.8 
7.4% 
Depreciation and amortisation 
72.3 
70.0 
-3.2% 
27.8 
24.6 
-11.7% 
Operating costs 
509.7 
586.8 
15.1% 
220.5 
220.8 
0.1% 
Net operating income before 
impairments 
566.5 
1,735.7 
206.4% 
289.4 
280.9 
-2.9% 
Credit impairment (net) 
-115.0 
115.7 
-  
16.9 
27.3 
61.8% 
Provisions and impairments of 
other assets (net) 
-95.2 
357.4 
-  
13.2 
9.2 
-30.8% 
Net operating income  
776.6 
1,262.6 
62.6% 
259.3 
244.5 
-5.7% 
Income tax 
269.1 
453.7 
68.6% 
56.7 
53.4 
-5.8% 
Net operat. inc. after tax and 
before non-controlling interests 
507.5 
808.9 
59.4% 
202.6 
191.0 
-5.7% 
Non-controlling interests 
0.0 
0.0 -100.0% 
60.2 
55.1 
-8.5% 
Results from subsidiaries held for 
sale 
0.6 
2.5 
322.4% 
11.5 
13.3 
15.2% 
Results of associated companies 
29.4 
25.7 
-12.6% 
0.9 
1.0 
- 
Net income  
537.5 
837.1 
55.7% 
154.8 
150.3 
-2.9% 
(*) Pure intragroup transactions with no impact on consolidated net income are not eliminated. 
(1) The September 2022 accounts of the consolidated activity were restated for comparability purposes due to the shareholder 
position in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) being classified under “Non-current assets held for sale” in December 2022 and 
due to the shareholder position in Flitptrel IV SA e Flitptrel Porto Santo SA being classified under “Non-current assets held for 
sale” in June 2023.

--- Page 157 ---
158 
The contribution of the international business area to the consolidated net income for September 
2023 was €150 million. Excluding from the period of 2022 the non-recurring gain from the sale of the 
Headquarters Building of the France Branch, in the amount of €23 million, the evolution of the 
contribution of international activity over the same period in 2022 was positive in €18 million. 
The main contributions to consolidated net income from the international activity came from Banco 
Nacional Ultramarino Macau (€50 million), Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. (Mozambique) 
(€46 million), Banco Caixa Geral Angola S.A. (€24 million) and the France Branch (€14 million). 
This positive contribution of the recurring activity of CGD Group's international units to the 
consolidated net income was mainly due to net interest income, reflecting the favourable economic 
environment in the geographies where CGD is present. However, it is worth noting the impact that 
the negative exchange rate variation had on Banco Caixa Geral Angola S.A. 's results evolution, and 
consequently on the contribution of international activity. This negative impact was €11 million. 
 
Consolidated Accounts 
INCOME STATEMENT (CONSOLIDATED) 
(EUR thousand) 
INCOME STATEMENT 
 
 
 
 
2022-09 
(Restated)1 2023-09 
Change 
 
 
 
Total 
(%) 
Interest and similar income 
1,258,904 2,568,959 1,310,055 104.1% 
Interest and similar costs 
347,871 
478,876 
131,005 
37.7% 
Net interest income 
911,033 2,090,084 1,179,050 129.4% 
Income from equity instruments 
12,676 
6,003 
-6,673 -52.6% 
Net interest inc. incl. inc. from eq. investm. 
923,709 2,096,087 1,172,378 126.9% 
Fees and commissions income 
565,438 
542,861 
-22,577 
-4.0% 
Fees and commissions expenses 
108,820 
117,223 
8,404 
7.7% 
Net fees and commissions 
456,618 
425,638 
-30,980 
-6.8% 
Net trading income 
143,085 
163,894 
20,808 
14.5% 
Other operating income 
45,731 
122,407 
76,676 167.7% 
Non-interest income 
645,434 
711,939 
66,504 
10.3% 
Total operating income 
1,569,143 2,808,025 1,238,882 
79.0% 
Employee costs 
445,492 
486,337 
40,845 
9.2% 
Administrative expenses 
168,139 
211,469 
43,330 
25.8% 
Depreciation and amortisation 
99,663 
93,583 
-6,080 
-6.1% 
Operating costs 
713,294 
791,389 
78,095 
10.9% 
Net operating income before impairments 
855,849 2,016,636 1,160,787 135.6% 
Credit impairment 
-37,671 
218,815 
256,487 
- 
Credit recoveries 
-60,480 
-75,815 
-15,335 
- 
Provisions for reduction of employees 
-59,203 
72,562 
131,765 
- 
Provisions for guarantees and other commitments 
-29,369 
11,441 
40,810 
- 
Other provisions and impairments 
6,649 
282,572 
275,923 
- 
Provisions and impairments 
-180,075 
509,575 
689,650 
-

--- Page 158 ---
159 
Net operating income  
1,035,924 1,507,061 
471,137 
45.5% 
Income Tax 
325,850 
507,154 
181,304 
55.6% 
of which Contribution on the banking sector 
37,104 
39,456 
2,352 
6.3% 
Net op. inc. after tax and before non-controlling 
int. 
710,074 
999,907 
289,833 
40.8% 
Non-controlling interests 
60,243 
55,092 
-5,152 
-8.6% 
Results of associated companies 
30,287 
26,725 
-3,562 -11.8% 
Results of subsidiaries held for sale 
12,137 
15,831 
3,694 
30.4% 
Net income 
692,255 
987,371 
295,116 
42.6% 
(1)  The September 2022 accounts of the consolidated activity were restated for comparability purposes due to the 
shareholder position in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) being classified under “Non-current assets held for sale” in December 
2022 and due to the shareholder position in Flitptrel IV SA e Flitptrel Porto Santo SA being classified under “Non-current assets 
held for sale” in June 2023. 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
(EUR million) 
 
BALANCE SHEET 
 
 
 
Change 
2022-12 
(Restated)(1) 
2023-09 
ASSETS 
  
  
(%) 
Cash and cash equiv. with central banks 
21,812 
19,990 
-8.4% 
Loans and advances to credit instit. 
3,990 
3,386 
-15.2% 
Securities investments 
18,689 
17,443 
-6.7% 
Loans and advances to customers 
50,778 
50,554 
-0.4% 
Non-current assets held for sale  
1,271 
1,336 
5.2% 
Investment properties 
17 
611 
- 
Intangible and tangible assets 
780 
730 
-6.4% 
Invest. in subsid. and assoc. companies 
476 
525 
10.2% 
Current and deferred tax assets 
1,029 
789 
-23.3% 
Other assets 
3,669 
3,015 
-17.8% 
Total assets 
102,511 
98,378 
-4.0% 
LIABILITIES 
 
Central banks' and cred. instit. resources 
338 
320 
-5.4% 
Customer resources 
83,972 
79,542 
-5.3% 
Debt securities 
1,368 
1,384 
1.1% 
Financial liabilities 
221 
151 
-31.6% 
Non-current liabilities held for sale  
999 
1,063 
6.5% 
Provisions 
906 
1,255 
38.4% 
Subordinated liabilities 
1,118 
606 
-45.8% 
Other liabilities 
4,106 
4,356 
6.1% 
Sub-total 
93,029 
88,677 
-4.7% 
Shareholders' equity 
9,483 
9,701 
2.3% 
Total 
102,511 
98,378 
-4.0%

--- Page 159 ---
160 
(1) The shareholding in Banco Comercial do Atlântico (BCA) was classified under "Non-current assets held for sale" in December 
2022, and in June 2023 the shareholding in Flitptrel IV SA and Flitptrel Porto Santo SA were also classified under this heading. 
Therefore, and for comparative purposes only, the amounts related to the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2022 
and December 31, 2022 disclosed in this document were restated, as IFRS 5 “Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations” only requires the restatement of the income statement. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER’S RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS 
CGD is committed to providing its customers with efficient, customised, innovative and 
technologically advanced solutions. To this end, CGD has invested in improving the efficiency of its 
processes to deliver the fastest and safest banking experience possible, while maintaining high 
standards of service. 
Description of collateral valuation and management process – Immovable assets 
The following types of immovable assets are considered for valuation purposes: 
(i) 
Constructions 
• 
Finished constructions; and  
• 
Unfinished constructions. 
(ii) 
Land 
• 
Land with construction potential (in its prime and best use taking into account its 
construction potential); and  
• 
Land without construction potential in its prime and best use. 
The principal components of the valuation methodology for immovable assets applied in the CGD 
Group are: 
(i) 
Inspection of property: whenever new mortgage loan agreements are entered into, the 
property in question is inspected to determine its presumed transaction price in a free market. 
Certification of the value of the property is documented and includes, inter alia, its energy 
certification, copies of the plans, its property registration booklet and description in the land 
registry, when supplied. These valuations are complemented by direct in situ observations. 
(ii) 
An updated valuation of the property’s worth by an appraiser: the asset’s value is verified 
based on recognised indices and statistical methods considered appropriate, once every 3 
years in the case of residential properties. Mortgage lending agreements whose contractual 
terms have been changed usually require a new valuation, as if they were new agreements. In 
the case of non-performing loans, the value of the real guarantees are examined and/or 
reviewed with the frequency defined in the internal regulations; and 
(iii) 
Updated indexed amount: a review of property prices is carried out by an internal CMVM

--- Page 160 ---
161 
registered property appraiser whenever there is sufficient data enabling a measurement using 
this methodology. It is used for residential or commercial properties, non-performing credit 
with a debtor balance of less than €300 thousand and, in the case of performing credit, a 
debtor balance of less than €500 thousand. 
Valuation procedures 
• 
The staff of CGD’s property valuation division includes engineers and architects with 
significant experience in the field of valuation. Those with technical approval functions have 
complementary training, in the form of property valuation courses, and are registered with 
and certified by the CMVM as property appraisers;  
• 
CGD’s network of external service providers in its property valuation division comprises 
external corporate and individual appraisers, registered with the CMVM, which are spread out 
across the country based on the area in which they perform their professional activity. There 
are several appraisers for each municipal district to ensure adequate diversification and 
rotation; 
• 
Valuation requests are received by CGD in digital format, accompanied by the documentation 
required for property valuation purposes. An internal technical operative is responsible for 
the approval process by type of valuation and the municipal district in which the property is 
located; and  
• 
The appraisers are set out in a list defining the priority municipal districts for operational 
purposes, based on criteria of efficiency in terms of travel and in-depth knowledge of the local 
market. Valuation requests are delivered to appraisers via a CGD property management 
portal. The appraiser records the date of the property visit and the valuation report in this 
portal in a standardised format, including the relevant documents and photographs of the 
property. 
ISSUER’S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES  
Credit risk management 
In response to the growing legal and regulatory requirements, and with the aim of applying best 
credit risk management practice, CGD has implemented a credit risk management process based on 
an organisational structure guaranteeing that the commercial (risk acceptance), recovery, decision-
making, and risk areas are independent from each other. 
Issuance of loans 
Lending activity is aligned with the credit risk management strategy and policies defined by the 
competent CGD bodies. CGD has established a centralised decision-making model where its credit

--- Page 161 ---
162 
risk division is responsible for making decisions on loans to corporates, financial institutions, as well 
as individual customers. The governance model for decisions to issue loans, including the limits on 
the delegation of authority, is defined in internal regulations. The credit risk management division’s 
main functions also include: (i) the prior, mandatory issuance of a risk opinion on the establishment 
of internal limits, or consideration of operations not covered by said limits, for customers whose 
exposure (in terms of economic groups), rating or the specific characteristics of the operation (or its 
proponent) justifies this (in accordance with internal regulations); (ii) the redefinition of credit limits 
to be submitted to a senior level, whenever deemed advisable under the circumstances; and (iii) the 
approval of the constitution/alteration of economic groups. 
Credit decisions on the most relevant exposures are the responsibility of the board of directors, the 
credit risk executive committee or credit board, depending on the amounts involved. Other 
operations are the responsibility of the credit risk committees on a credit risk division level. The 
submission of operations/limits for a decision of the board of directors requires the prior approval of 
the financial risks committee. 
The risk management division is actively involved in the credit risk control and monitoring process, 
lending stages and latter oversight, from both a customer/operation and a credit portfolio approach 
based on: (i) the definition, development, and maintenance of internal rating and scoring models; (ii) 
the monitoring and global control of CGD Group’s credit risk by credit portfolios, products and 
subsidiaries; (iii) the identification of customers at greater risk of default based on early warning 
signs; (iv) the assessment and validation of individual impairment; (v) the determination of the 
expected credit loss (collective impairment) on all credit portfolio segments; and (vi) the assessment 
of compliance with the limits defined for major risks. The risk management division may also submit 
for senior review and approval the CGD Group’s credit risk management policies and guidelines. 
Credit portfolio oversight 
Credit portfolio oversight allows for the early identification of signs of potential default, facilitating 
decisions for debt recovery optimisation purposes. The oversight process is regulated by an internal 
credit oversight and recovery policy regulation. CGD has implemented a workflow process across its 
commercial, recovery and credit risk areas. This workflow process classifies a customer’s 
creditworthiness on a daily basis, based on pre-defined events and the level of probability of a default 
situation, automatically identifying customers in financial distress and in default. All portfolio 
customers are segmented into one of the following categories: 
• 
Performing customers without the identification of any additional risk events; 
• 
Performing customers with early warning signals which may indicate a higher probability of 
default;

--- Page 162 ---
163 
• 
Customers registering serious events and a high probability of default, who are classified as 
being in financial distress;  
• 
Customers in a 24-month probation period, following the occurrence of a restructuring 
operation owing to financial difficulties;  
• 
Customers classified as being in default; and  
• 
Customers classified as being in quarantine, following actions taken to remedy default. 
The workflow process incorporates operational measures which vary in line with the severity of the 
event, and which provide the first line of defence based on mechanisms designed to actively prevent 
potential future defaults. An automatic process immediately transfers customers from commercial to 
recovery areas whenever more serious events have been identified, in a bid to ensure that potentially 
more problematic cases are handled by specialised credit recovery managers. The credit risk 
management division diagnoses the process as part of the credit portfolio oversight process and 
makes any necessary changes in line with its analysis of the metrics and indicators set out in monthly 
monitoring reports on credit portfolio quality, which are examined monthly by the executive 
committee and quarterly by the risk committee. 
CREDIT DECISION 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is linked to the losses and level of uncertainty associated with a customer/counterparty’s 
capacity to meet its obligations. Given the nature of banking activity, credit risk is particularly 
important due to its materiality, notwithstanding its interconnection with other risks. Credit risk is 
managed and controlled by internal regulations that define the necessary levels of authority for the 
credit decision process based on a rating/scoring system and exposure level, an early warning 
system, and the classification of customers as being in financial distress. Credit risk assessment in the 
retail segment is supported by the use of statistical risk assessment tools (probability of default (PD) 
and loss given default (LGD) models), several internal regulations setting forth objective criteria to 
be complied with in lending operations, and the delegation of authority in accordance with the risk 
ratings for customers/operations. CGD has implemented a centralised credit decision model to 
ensure separation between credit applications and decision-making functions, thus guaranteeing 
that all credit proposals originating in the commercial areas are decided upon with the input of the 
Credit Risk Division, in accordance with the criteria published in CGD’s internal policies and 
regulations.

--- Page 163 ---
164 
Risk analysis 
The CGD Group has developed a system for the identification, assessment, and control of risks 
associated with its credit portfolio, encompassing all customer segments and active not only when 
the credit is issued, but also when monitoring risk during the lifetime of the operations. 
• 
All credit operations, upon origination, must be economically viable, be of interest to CGD and 
in accordance with its credit policy, and affect own funds in compliance with the established 
solvency ratio, in light of, namely: (i) their purpose and the specific conditions of the real 
operations they aim to finance; (ii) the suitability and business, technical and financial capacity 
of their proponents and respective representatives; and (iii) their former relationship with the 
CGD Group and the financial system in general, in addition to the global amount of their 
liabilities to the group and the financial system. 
• 
The amount and maturity of each operation should be commensurate to its type and purpose, 
as well as the material conditions of the real underlying operation. 
• 
The conditions of each credit operation, with respect to guarantees and interest rate, should 
be defined based on the level of credit risk involved and a customer’s global relationship with 
the CGD Group, always bearing in mind CGD’s credit policy. Real, or equivalent, guarantees 
are normally required for medium/long-term operations. 
• 
Credit risk assessment in the retail segment is based on the use of statistical risk assessment 
tools (probability of default (PD)), several internal regulations setting forth objective criteria 
to be complied with in lending operations, and the delegation of authority in accordance with 
the risk ratings for customers/operations. Only in the case of loans to personal customers is 
this model complemented by a scoring system used to define credit limits by product, in terms 
of an immediate decision (operations with standard risk parameters). 
• 
Additionally, CGD accommodates the regulator’s recommendations on maximum financing 
amounts, compliance with solvency ratios, and reduction in average financing terms. 
Insurance 
Property insurance coverage is required to be in place when the mortgage loan is advanced.  
Fire or multi-risk insurance is compulsory in an amount equal to, or greater than, the property’s 
reconstruction value. 
Life insurance is normally demanded in an amount equal to or greater than that of the loan. 
Health insurance is recommended, potentially providing more competitive loan spreads.

--- Page 164 ---
165 
Guarantee 
Loans are secured by a first ranking mortgage over the property to be purchased. In exceptional 
cases, this may be replaced by a guarantee over another property or by a pledge of 
securities/deposits. 
Mortgage products 
CGD offers fixed, mixed and floating rates (Euribor-indexed) mortgage credit products. All mortgage 
loans, once fully drawn, must be paid by direct debit to an account with CGD in monthly instalments 
(principal and interest). 
The maximum term of a loan is 40 years (considering the maximum maturities of the Bank of 
Portugal’s recommendations, which set limits for customers aged 30 or more years). The maximum 
loan to value ratio is 80 per cent. 
As at 30 June 2023, the average loan to value ratio of CGD’s mortgage credit portfolio was 59.4 per 
cent, the average amount owed by contract was €53.3 thousand, and the average remaining term 
was 26.6 years.  
Monitoring 
The monitoring of credit portfolios and control of credit risk, including compliance with the criteria 
for decision on credit risk, are carried out regularly by the Risk Management Division, based on 
operational systems that identify the possibility of additional credit risk events on a daily basis, in 
addition to events that generate the automatic identification of credit that has been restructured on 
account of financial difficulties or defaults/non-performing exposures. Reports on the performance 
and perceived quality of the credit portfolio are produced in terms of i) new credit agreements; ii) 
credit that has been restructured on account of a customer’s financial difficulties; iii) non-performing 
exposures; iv) default; and v) concentration. These reports are submitted for the consideration of 
the management bodies and shared with the first line of defence. 
The CGD Group has also implemented a process for measuring impairment losses related to default 
and the measurement of credit assets, which is overseen by the board of directors on a monthly basis 
in compliance with IFRS 9. The criteria and methodologies involved in the calculation of impairment 
are subject to control and audit processes, by both the internal bodies responsible for validation 
(Models Validation Office and Internal Audit Division) and CGD’s external auditor who produce an 
independent report to be sent to the Bank of Portugal every six months. The Risk Management 
Division also submits information on the evolution of provisions and impaired credit to the 
management bodies on a monthly basis. This includes the evolution of the portfolio by IFRS 9 stages 
and respective provisions and impaired credit levels.

--- Page 165 ---
166 
DELINQUENCY MANAGEMENT IN THE MORTGAGE BUSINESS 
Credit recovery 
As soon as any arrears of payment have been noted, adequate steps are taken to recover the overdue 
credit and settle the situation, in due compliance with the provisions of Decree-Law 227/2012 (action 
plan for the risk of default (PARI) and the out-of-court procedure for the settlement of default 
situations (PERSI)) regarding loans and advances to personal customers. CGD’s process was reviewed 
at the end of 2022 in response to Decree-Law 80-A/2022. Credit recovery consists of a series of CGD 
Group actions on arrears of payment of one or more instalments of a credit operation. This is a 
fundamental function of CGD Group’s credit management and is implemented following the first 
overdue payment of an instalment and throughout the entire lifetime of a loan. 
Negotiated credit recovery comprises three types of action, applied according to the following order 
of priority: 
• 
Collection of payments in arrears; 
• 
Restructuring solutions; and 
• 
Terminal solutions not involving litigation. 
Contacts with customers with a view to the settlement of overdue amounts at the initial credit 
collection phase are made by the call centre and the commercial division. If these initial contacts are 
not successful and the customer remains in arrears for more than 30 days, the case is reallocated to 
a recovery area tasked with finding the most appropriate credit recovery solution. In cases where 
the negotiation process with a customer is not producing the desired effect for the CGD Group and 
its customers, credit recovery should move on to the litigation stage. This solution consists of the 
execution of assets or rights, either mortgaged or pledged as loan collateral, for the purpose of their 
judicial sale. As an alternative recovery measure, the CGD Group also considers the disposal of credit 
portfolios or individual loans whenever this is considered the most efficient solution, following a 
cost/benefit appraisal. 
Description of the implementation of restructuring measures and respective associated risks, in 
addition to their respective control and monitoring mechanisms 
Specialised oversight and recovery areas seek to apply the best solutions to protect the CGD Group 
and its customers’ interests in any given situation, pursuant to the terms of the delegated decision 
and the limits defined in internal regulations. 
Recovery solutions always bear in mind a customer’s individual circumstances and CGD’s best 
interests, in line with three basic principles:

--- Page 166 ---
167 
(i) 
Impact on capital and cash flows: This impact should be measured by calculating the 
incremental NPV on processing the operation, as opposed to a solution involving litigation 
(considered to be a last recourse in terms of credit recovery).  
(ii) 
Impact on the customer: 
• 
Payment capacity: the customer must be able to meet its financial commitments in the 
new scenario, based on its expected income; and 
• 
Sustainability of process: the process must be sustainable over time, i.e., the customer 
should be able to make all necessary payments and should not relapse into a default 
situation. 
(iii) 
Impact of complexity: Even if the financial impact of the solution may not be optimal, other 
parameters such as a customer’s specific characteristics, the impact of its treatment on CGD 
Group’s public image, reputational risk, or a customer’s willingness to negotiate are also part 
of the decision-making process which determines their respective treatment. 
Most of the credit restructured owing to a customer’s financial difficulties is subject to a specific 
impairment calculation process, across the entire minimum surveillance period of 24 months, as 
defined in Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) no. 2021/451 of 17 December 2020. 
Finally, in accordance with the Issuer’s policies, loans in default for more than 90 days will be 
replaced/withdrawn from the Cover Pool.

--- Page 167 ---
168 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 168 ---
169 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS 
Framework  
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese law. The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that 
the Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs (1a) to (3b) of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette.  
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, CGD as issuer of 
covered bonds applied to CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds 
programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. CMVM has authorised such conversion and, as such all outstanding covered bonds of 
CGD issued under the Covered Bonds Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
Issuers of Covered Bonds 
Covered bonds may only be issued by credit institutions (“Credit Institutions”). 
Pursuant to Article 44 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, CMVM may issue regulations with regard to 
covered bonds. On 28 July 2023, CMVM Regulation was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette. CMVM 
Regulation focuses only on those aspects that are directly subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, 
namely, (i) the instructive/ancillary elements for the purpose of authorising covered bond programmes; (ii) 
the criteria for legal, contractual or voluntary overcollateralisation; (iii) the issuer’s information duties 
towards the CMVM; (iv) the document preservation duties related to the programmes; (v) the common 
representative’s right of access to information about the cover pool; (vi) the means of sending and disclosing 
information relating to covered bond programmes; (vii) the procedures for the replacement of the 
programme’s credit manager and the fee due and payable for the authorisation of covered bond 
programmes. 
Cover Assets  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out the type of assets that are eligible to collateralise issues of 
covered bonds made by a Credit Institution. For further information regarding the eligible types of assets, 
please see chapter entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, provided they meet certain 
legal requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in Article 129 of the CRR.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds contains certain rules governing the limits and conditions for the use of 
these hedging contracts. The evaluation rules of the Hedging Contracts are established in Article 4(e) of 
CMVM Regulation.

--- Page 169 ---
170 
For further details on the abovementioned requirements, see the section “Hedging Contracts” in the 
chapter entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Credit Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide, to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, a Credit Institution is required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to maintain a register, 
in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution, of all the assets comprised in the cover pool, including 
hedging contracts. 
Valuation and loan to value criteria  
Credit Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with Articles 129 and 208 of the CRR, which establishes rules on the methods and 
frequency of the valuations of properties. 
In accordance with Article 129(1) of the CRR, the maximum loan to value ratio for residential mortgage is 80 
per cent. and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans (which, in the case of commercial mortgages 
loans, may be increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). 
The loan to value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis, (ii) determine the portion of the loan 
contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond and (iii) apply throughout the entire 
maturity of the loan. 
Article 208 of the CRR contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage 
credits included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations). 
For further information regarding the valuation of assets, please see chapter entitled “Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool”. 
Asset-Liability Management and financial requirements  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes, as nominal principle coverage requirement, that the 
calculation of the coverage requirement shall be made in accordance with the nominal principle and ensures 
that the total aggregate principal amount of all cover assets is at least equal to or greater than the aggregate 
principal amount of the unpaid covered bonds (i.e., 100 per cent. coverage of the liabilities shall be fully 
secured by cover assets). 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of the coverage requirement, as well as of the remaining 
financial and prudential requirements, the liabilities of the covered bonds shall include, namely: 
(a) 
the obligations for the payment of the principal amount of issued covered bonds; 
(b) 
the obligations for payment of any interest arising from the outstanding covered bonds;  
(c) 
the payment obligations arising from derivative contracts comprised in the cover pool; and 
(d) 
the expected costs related to maintenance and administration for the liquidation of the relevant 
programme.

--- Page 170 ---
171 
Should a breach of the homogeneity, coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, as foreseen in Article 20 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required, immediately after becoming aware thereof, to 
take all possible steps to remedy such breach, by (i) allocating new primary or substitution assets, with or 
without replacing any assets already attached to the covered bonds, (ii) amortising outstanding covered 
bonds in the sufficient amount to remedy the breach and/or (iii) allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity 
buffer. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Credit Institution and, if necessary to comply 
with the prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, substituted by new 
primary or substitution assets.  
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Credit Institution 
allocates new primary or substitution assets sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and 
prudential requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Segregation of Cover Assets and Insolvency Remoteness  
Asset segregation 
The cover assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Credit Institution to the issues of covered bonds, 
including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and collateral relating to derivate contracts, 
will permanently remain and be registered in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution. 
For further detail, please refer to chapters entitled “Charactheristics of the Cover Pool” and “Insolvency of 
the Issuer” above. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor 
privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other 
creditors, for the purpose of redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant 
covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any 
real estate preferential claims.  
The hedging contracts entered into by the Credit Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the 
relevant counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) 
over such cover pool. Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of 
the covered bonds and, consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of 
the Credit Institution. 
In particular, the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the 
credit institution issuing the covered bonds, (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the Credit 
Institution issuing the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the 
principal and any accrued and future interest and (c) in the case of the insolvency of the Credit Institution

--- Page 171 ---
172 
issuing the covered bonds and in the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, 
a common claim against the insolvency estate of that Credit Institution, which ranks pari passu with the 
claims of the Credit Institution’s ordinary unsecured creditors of the Credit Institution. The entitlements 
under (a) to (c) above are limited to the total payment obligations under the covered bonds and the above 
dual recourse and special creditor privilege also applies in case of extendable maturity of those covered 
bonds subject to automatic maturity extension, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of a Credit 
Institution, a meeting of holders of all Series of covered bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 
majority vote, to accelerate the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the 
settlement of the estate allocated to the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the relevant terms and conditions that govern such issue. 
Maturity Extension 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, Credit Institutions may issue covered bonds with an 
automatic extendable maturity structure when:  
(a) 
the non-discretionary extension requirements are specified in the terms and conditions of the issue 
applicable to the covered bonds; 
(b) 
the information provided to holders of covered bonds relating to covered bonds with such automatic 
extendable maturity structure is sufficient to perceive the respective risk, including: 
(i) 
the operation of the maturity extension; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the liquidation or resolution of the relevant 
Credit Institution; and 
(iii) 
CMVM’s duties in relation to the maturity extension; 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the covered bonds is determinable at all times; and 
(d) 
in the event of liquidation or resolution of the relevant Credit Institution, maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of holders of covered bonds or invert the sequencing of the relevant covered bond 
programme’s original maturity schedule. 
In addition, the maturity of the covered bonds can only be extended based on the following: 
revocation of the authorisation of the relevant Credit Institution; or 
foreseeable or actual failure to pay the principal or interest amounts of the covered bonds due at the initial 
maturity date, that is not remediable within an established period of time in the terms of the relevant issue 
or the covered bond programme, not exceeding 10 Business Days. 
In order to be able to extend the maturity of covered bonds, the Credit Institution shall notify CMVM of the 
referred extension together with the relevant reasons for such extension (i) no less than 10 calendar days 
prior to the effective date or (ii) as soon as possible, if the occurrence of the reason for the extension or the 
time it becomes known does not allow the Credit Institution to respect the 10 calendar days deadline.

--- Page 172 ---
173 
CMVM shall oppose the maturity extension within 10 calendar days from receipt of such notice from the 
Credit Institution referred to above, when it considers that the requirements for the extension of the 
maturity are not fulfilled. 
If, prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds will be automatically extended, CMVM has timely and duly 
decided to oppose to such extension, the extension to an extended maturity date will not apply; otherwise, 
such extension will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Credit Institution communicates to CMVM a possible extension with less 
than 10 calendar days in advance of the effective date and, if at the date on which the Covered Bonds should 
automatically be extended to the Extended Maturity Date, CMVM has not yet resolved on its opposition, 
the Covered Bonds will be extended to the Extended Maturity Date; if, thereafter CMVM opposes to such 
extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to apply.

--- Page 173 ---
174 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect.  
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or deemed 
to be, residents. 
The economic advantages deriving from interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment income 
for Portuguese tax purposes. Accrued interest qualify as investment income for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains arising from the transfer for consideration of Covered Bonds are qualified as capital gains for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
General Tax Regime on Debt Securities 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made 
available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to 
tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent., being in this case the tax withheld deemed as a payment on 
account of the final tax due. In the latter circumstance, an additional income tax will be due on the part of 
the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to 
a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are 
identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed at a 
special tax rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses 
realised on the transfer of securities and derivatives of each year unless the individual elects to include such 
income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter 
circumstance, an additional income tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as 
follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per 
cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000.

--- Page 174 ---
175 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of 
shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Covered 
Bonds, is mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 
365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, 
amounts to or exceeds €78,834. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains obtained with the 
transfer of Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal 
persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are 
included in their taxable income and are subject to corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 (twenty one) 
per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise 
(Small Mid Cap), as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 (seventeen) per cent. 
for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 (twenty one) per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be 
added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate 
taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (derrama 
estadual) of (i) 3 (three) per cent. on the part of its taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000, 
(ii) 5 (five) per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, and (iii) 9 
(nine) per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000 
As general rule, withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, 
which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Financial institutions resident or located in 
Portugal, pension funds, retirement and/or education savings funds, share savings funds, venture capital 
funds or collective investment undertakings incorporated under the laws in Portugal and some exempt 
entities are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. 
Investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts opened in the name of one 
or more resident accountholders or non-resident accountholders with a permanent establishment in 
Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence 
the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities without a permanent establishment in Portugal is the 
following: 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident beneficial owners without a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 28 per cent. (in the case of individuals) or at a rate of 25 per cent. (in the case of legal persons), which 
is the final tax on that income. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more non-resident 
accountholders without a permanent establishment in Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified 
third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) 
of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will 
apply.

--- Page 175 ---
176 
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a “low tax jurisdictions” (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de 
tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis) list approved by Ministerial Order no. 150/2004 of 13 
February, as amended from time to time. 
Under the domestic law the responsibility to withhold taxes arising from the interest payments of the 
Covered Bonds issued by resident entities for tax purposes belongs to the registry or depository entity, as 
the case may be. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this 
Prospectus, the above withholding tax rates may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the 
applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax 
authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction 
may apply at source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these 
purposes may be available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation. 
This exemption shall not apply if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to 
a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial Order 
no. 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com 
regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). Capital gains obtained by individuals that 
are not entitled to said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate. Under the tax treaties 
entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese personal income tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital 
gains for tax purposes but instead as investment income. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation. This exemption shall not apply if the beneficial owner is more than 
25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner is resident 
in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax 
jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial Order no. 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from time to time 
(Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). 
The 25 per cent. threshold above mentioned will not be applicable – being – the capital gains still exempted 
- when the following cumulative conditions are met by the seller: (i) the entity has its residence in the 
European Union or in an European Economic Area State which is bound to cooperate with Portugal under 
an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes 
in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States, or in a country with which Portugal has a 
double tax treaty in force which foresees the exchange of information; (ii) such entity is subject and not 
exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of Council Directive 2011/96/EU of 30 November 2011 on the 
common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent companies and subsidiaries of different Member 
States, as amended, or from a tax of a similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the

--- Page 176 ---
177 
Portuguese IRC rate (currently 12.6 per cent.); (iii) it holds, directly or indirectly, at least 10 per cent. of the 
share capital or voting rights of the entity disposed for at least 1 year uninterruptedly; and (iv) it is not 
intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements that have been put into place 
for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage). 
If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but 
the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Special debt securities tax regime  
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (“Decree-Law 
193/2005”), investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of 
the Covered Bonds, to non-Portuguese resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income 
tax provided the debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity 
resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international 
clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal 
or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate 
with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of 
information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in 
other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government 
authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or  
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or 
a tax information exchange agreement; or  
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial Order no. 150/2004, as amended from time to 
time. 
However, for purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these procedures (which 
are aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the holder of the Covered Bonds), the holder of the Covered 
Bonds is required to hold the Covered Bonds through an account with one of the following entities:  
(i) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
(ii) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered entities”, 
is a client of the latter; or

--- Page 177 ---
178 
(iii) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the holders of 
the Covered Bonds in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
(a) 
Domestic Clearing Covered Bonds 
Registration of the Covered Bonds in the exempt account is crucial for the exemption to apply. For this 
purpose, the registration of the non-resident holders of Covered Bonds in an exempt account, allowing 
application of the exemption upfront, requires evidence of the non-resident status, to be provided by the 
holder of the Covered Bonds to the direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest 
and to the transfer of Covered Bonds, as follows: 
(i) 
if the holder of the Covered Bonds is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the 
Portuguese State, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial 
owner of the Covered Bonds itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non residence pursuant 
to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical 
renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity 
immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from 
applying; 
(ii) 
if the holder of the Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered 
into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification official document; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such 
supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial 
owner of the Covered Bonds and its domicile; or (C) proof of non residence pursuant to (iv) below. 
The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being 
necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any 
change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(iii) 
if the holder of the Covered Bonds is an investment fund or other collective investment scheme 
domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax 
treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force, it shall make proof of its non-
resident status by providing any of the following documents: (a) a declaration issued by the entity 
responsible for its supervision or registration or by the relevant tax authority, confirming its legal 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (b) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below; The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its 
periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register 
entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption 
from applying;

--- Page 178 ---
179 
(iv) 
other investors will be required to make proof of their non-resident status by way of: (a) a certificate 
of residence or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities; (b) a document issued by 
the relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad; or (c) a document specifically issued 
by an official entity which forms part of the public administration (either central, regional or 
peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country. The holder of the Covered Bonds must 
provide an original or a certified copy of such documents and, as a rule, if such documents do not 
refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been issued within the three years prior to 
the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the relevant payment or maturity dates, 
within the following three months. The holder of the Covered Bonds must inform the registering 
entity immediately of any change in the requirement conditions that may eliminate the tax 
exemption.  
(b) Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Covered Bonds are registered in an account 
held by an international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, on each 
interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct register entity or to its 
representative, and with respect to all accounts under its management, the identification and quantity of 
securities, as well as the amount of income, and, when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, segregated 
by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
(a) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be imputable and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(b) 
entities which have residence in country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, 
included in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order no. 
150/2004 of 13 February, as amended from time to time) and which are non-exempt and subject to 
withholding; 
(c) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be imputable, and which are exempt or not subject to withholding; 
(d) 
other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income generated by the securities would be imputable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with respect 
to the beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, should also 
be transmitted: 
(a) 
name and address; 
(b) 
tax identification number (if applicable); 
(c) 
identification and quantity of the securities held; and 
(d) 
amount of income generated by the securities.

--- Page 179 ---
180 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-law 
193/2005, as amended from time to time. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity 
of the Covered Bonds within 6 months from the date the withholding took place.  
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed from the Portuguese tax 
authorities within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the withholding took place. 
A special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order (Despacho) no. 2937/2014, published in the 
Portuguese Official Gazette, second series, no. 37, of 21 February 2014, issued by the Portuguese Minister 
Secretary of State and Tax Matters (currently Secretário de Estado e Assuntos Fiscais) and may be available 
at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information  
The regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 
December 2014, and Council Directive 2021/514/EU, of 22 March 2021, introduced the automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global 
Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014.  
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities of 
their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information 
regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in 
a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a 
different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. The 
information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of residence, tax 
identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the end of the calendar 
year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account during the calendar year; 
or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, dividends and any other income 
generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in 
the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, 
or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
Council Directive 2021/514/EU has amended Council Directive 2011/16/EU aiming to combat the fraud, 
evasion and tax avoidance in the digital economy and the cross-border dimension of the services offered 
through the use of digital platforms. Under this regime, any digital platform that connects sellers of certain 
goods and services with the respective buyers should report to the local tax authorities information on the 
economic activities carried out by the users. 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May.

--- Page 180 ---
181 
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October, 
(“Portuguese CRS Law”), which amended Decree-Law number 61/2013, of 10 May 2013. Under such law, 
the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax 
Authorities of EU Member States or States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Council Directive 2021/514/EU was implemented through Law 36/2023, of 26 July, which amended Decree-
Law 61/2013, of 10 May. 
The Portuguese CRS Law and Decree-Law no. 61/2013, have been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 
August 2017, Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, Law no. 24-D/2022, of 30 December 2022 and Law no. 
36/2023 of 26 July 2023. 
In view of the abovementioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were 
provided by the Ministry of Finance, through Order 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order 302-C/2016, of 
2 December 2016, Order 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016 and Order 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016, all 
as amended from time to time. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
FATCA imposes a reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain 
payments to any non-U.S. financial institution (a foreign financial institution, or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) 
that does not become a Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is 
not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA. The Issuer is classified as a FFI. 
The withholding regime has been phased in beginning 1 July 2014 for payments from sources within the 
United States and apply to foreign passthru payments as from 1 January 2019. This withholding applies to 
payments in respect of any Covered Bonds that are issued on or after the “grandfathering date”, which is 
the later of (a) 1 July 2014 and (b) the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, or which are 
materially modified on or after the grandfathering date. If Covered Bonds are issued before the 
grandfathering date, and additional Covered Bonds of the same series are issued on or after that date, the 
additional Covered Bonds may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for 
the existing Covered Bonds, including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements to implement FATCA (each, an IGA), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Pursuant to FATCA and the “Model 1” and “Model 2” IGAs released by the 
United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a Reporting FI not subject to 
withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in a Model 1 IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such 
withholding being FATCA Withholding) from payments it makes. The Model 2 IGA leaves open the possibility

--- Page 181 ---
182 
that a Reporting FI might in the future be required to withhold as a Participating FFI on foreign passthru 
payments. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain information in 
respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the IRS. 
The United States has reached a Model 1 IGA with Portugal, signed on 6 August 2015, ratified by Portugal 
on 5 August 2016 and that entered into force on 10 August 2016. 
If the Issuer becomes a Participating FFI under FATCA, the Issuer and financial institutions through which 
payments on the Covered Bonds are made may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding if any FFI 
through or to which payment on such Covered Bonds is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or 
otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA.  
It is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer and the Paying Agent, given that each of the entities in the payment chain 
beginning with the Issuer and ending with the CSD is a major financial institution whose business is 
dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be 
unlikely to affect the Covered Bonds. 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December, the legal framework based on 
reciprocal exchange of information on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with 
FATCA. In such Law, it is also foreseen that additional legislation regarding certain procedures and rules in 
connection with FATCA will be created in Portugal. Through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, as 
amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese 
government approved the complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the referred 
legislation the Issuer is required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the United 
States Internal Revenue Service. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is based 
in part on regulations which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to 
payments they may receive in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY 
TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE 
TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE 
IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE 
PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE 
TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax 
(FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 182 ---
183 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and is the subject 
of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 183 ---
184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement dated 28 November 2023, agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are 
initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of 
the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S 
under the US Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor 
any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to any Covered Bonds, and that it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, it will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect:  
“The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “US Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Securities and except in either case in accordance 
with Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S.”

--- Page 184 ---
185 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended or superseded from time to time; the “FIEA”). Each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended or superseded from time to time)), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under

--- Page 185 ---
186 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may 
make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds, and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as

--- Page 186 ---
187 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means the Prospectus Regulation, as amended or superseded from time to time as it forms part of domestic 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded from time to time (the 
“FSMA”)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the United Kingdom. 
Italy  
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or 
of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 187 ---
188 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any applicable provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11973 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(A) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”); and 
(B) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings 
applies under (i) and (ii) above, the subsequent distribution of the Covered Bonds on the secondary market 
in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in 
the sale of such Covered Bonds being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
France 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds.  
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and 
that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 188 ---
189 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in 
respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in respect of 
any Covered Bonds specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered 
Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA ) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 189 ---
190 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid 
and offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to 
quote bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in 
the relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in 
the relevant agreement. Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such 
agreements.

--- Page 190 ---
191 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The original establishment of the Programme in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law was duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 31 October 2006, and the 
Programme has been subsequently updated as authorised by the Issuer-s relevant management bodies. The 
Issuer applied to the CMVM to convert its existing covered bonds programme to a covered bonds 
programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds as authorised by a resolution of the 
Executive Commission of the Issuer dated 15 November 2023. The CMVM authorised such conversion on 28 
November 2023. 
Listing 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to Euronext for the 
admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on the regulated market Euronext 
Lisbon. 
Registration and Settlement 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for registration and settlement through Interbolsa, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 30 
September 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2022.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in “Litigation and Conduct risks” in the risk factors’ section, there have been no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which or 
have had a significant effect on the Issuer’s or CGD Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Third party information  
Where information has been sourced from a third party the Issuer confirms that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
The Issuer calculates its market share data using official sources of information, governmental or otherwise 
(as applicable). Where no official sources exist, the Issuer relies on its own estimates. 
Accounts 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December

--- Page 191 ---
192 
2021 and 31 December 2022 was Ernst & Young, (which is a member (number 178) of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas), was represented by Ana Rosa 
Ribeiro Salcedas Montes Pinto. Ernst & Young is registered with the CMVM with registration number 
20160841, with registered office at Avenida da República, 90-6º, 1600-206 Lisboa, Portugal, who has audited 
the Issuer’s consolidated accounts in accordance with IFRS for each of the two financial years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 were approved by the competent bodies and by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 31 May 2023. 
CGD’s financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis from its books and accounting records, 
which are maintained in accordance with the accounting principles set forth in the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”), Regulation (EC) 1606/2002 of 19 July 2002 of the 
European Parliament and the Council, as amended, implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 35/2005, of 17 
February 2005, amended by Decree-Law 158/2009, of 13 July 2009 and Regulation 1/2005 of 21 February 
2005, as amended.6  
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 were audited in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards issued by the Institute of 
Statutory Auditors, which require that the examination be planned and performed with the objective of 
obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free of 
material misstatement.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection at https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-
Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/CGD-Covered-Bonds.aspx:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer (together with an English translation 
thereof) in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022; 
(b) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first semester of 
2023 (together with an English translation thereof); 
(c) 
the unaudited financial results of the Issuer for the first nine months of 2023 (together with an English 
translation thereof); 
(d) 
the by-laws of the Issuer (together with an English translation thereof); 
(e) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures (as more recently amended and restated) originally dated 23 
November 2006; 
 
6 Regulation 1/2005 of 21 February was revoked by Regulation 5/2015 of 30 December 2015, which entered into force on 1 January 2016.

--- Page 192 ---
193 
(f) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement (as more recently amended and restated) 
originally dated 23 November 2006; 
(g) 
this Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto; and 
(h) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other 
than the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In relation to the documents referred to in (a) to (d) above, the Issuer confirms that the corresponding 
translations are true and accurate; however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and 
the English translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Electronic copy of this Base Prospectus 
Electronic copies of this Base Prospectus (and any supplements thereto, and Final Terms pertaining to 
Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Lisbon) are available on the official website of the CMVM (www.cmvm.pt) 
and of the Issuer (www.cgd.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its publication. Copies of 
the documents referred to in items (a) to (h) above may be obtained from the Issuer’s website.  
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.  
Post-issuance information 
Any information which the Issuer is required by law or regulation to provide in relation to itself or securities 
issued by it, including the Covered Bonds, will be made available at www.cmvm.pt. 
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds, including information on 
the Cover Pool and the applicable Overcollateralisation Percentage. Such reports are available at 
https://www.cgd.pt/English/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuances/Prospectus/Pages/CGD-Covered-
Bonds.aspx. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have 
positions, deals or make markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general

--- Page 193 ---
194 
market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Covered Bonds 
(subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 194 ---
195 
DEFINITIONS  
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by ISDA, as amended or supplemented from time to time, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series. 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to holders of Covered Bonds 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate), the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
3) 
(if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) determines that no such spread is customarily applied), the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any)) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
4) 
(if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser), in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate.

--- Page 195 ---
196 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of its customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 23 
November 2006 and made and agreed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent, 
agent bank and/or registrar appointed by the Issuer. 
“Agent” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., with its head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 Lisboa, 
or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds 
denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds and with an interest period of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period. 
“Arranger” means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity appointed as an arranger for the 
Programme and references in this Agreement to the Arranger shall be references to the relevant Arranger. 
“Auditor” means Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with registration number 178, registered with 
the CMVM with registration number 20161480, with registered office at Avenida da República, no. 90, 6, 
1600-206, Lisboa. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 28 November 2023, as supplemented, prepared in 
connection with the Programme. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or to be administered; or  
2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either

--- Page 196 ---
197 
generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
5) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is 
open. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the rate(s) of interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CBD” means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC 
and 2014/59/EU. 
“CVM” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“CGD” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.. 
“CGD Group” means CGD and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM’s Regulation no. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds. 
“Co-Arranger” means Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. and, together with the Arranger, the “Arrangers”. 
“Common Representative” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as representative of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
having its registered office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 197 ---
198 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 23 November 2006 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and 
conditions upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common 
Representative, as amended and restated on 28 November 2023, and as may be further amended and 
restated. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions”. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and which comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and Liquidity Assets, as specified 
in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas, Lda., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas) under the number 183, registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161485, with 
its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 November 2023 entered into by and 
between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time, which has been revoked 
by Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
16 September, as amended from time to time. 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investments 
firms, as amended from time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated Property 
Valuation of such Property. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the

--- Page 198 ---
199 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 199 ---
200 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 200 ---
201 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Dealers” means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Caixa–Banco de 
Investimento, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, S.A., ING 
Bank, N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley Europe SE, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE 
and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior 
to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means, in respect of Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution of each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the 
relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue’. 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority. 
“EC” means the European Commission. 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May, on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euronext” means Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A.. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext. 
“Eurosystem” means the central banking system for the euro. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the maturity 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) are met.

--- Page 201 ---
202 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.6(F) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
covered bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details 
of that Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable 
Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GBP”, “£”or “pounds sterling” means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms of 
Article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer. 
“Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and 
regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 October, Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 
December and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced 
by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March. 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the CVM. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 
(Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc.

--- Page 202 ---
203 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
(a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and 
are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector 
entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or 
by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
(b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the 
CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, provided 
that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 
(A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets 
under b) above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, 
segregated and allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer). 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service Ltd., or any other affiliate or successor as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the relevant 
Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer 
as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a pecuniary loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which 
is registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to 
be met pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable

--- Page 203 ---
204 
requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants). 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer)) and interest payments under the Covered Bonds and 
payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for assets in 
the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the rate of interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered 
Bonds in respect of any Interest Period(s). 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation) of 
the Terms and Conditions. 
“Paying Agent” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., with head office at Av. João XXI, no. 63, 1000-300 
Lisboa or any successor or additional paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Covered Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time. 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund” means the Portuguese resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law no. 31-
A/2012, of 10 February. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means the securities code approved by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 
November 1999, as amended from time to time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that Covered 
Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of Covered 
Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered 
bonds, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary 
Assets are Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) 
and (f) of the CRR.

--- Page 204 ---
205 
“Programme” means the €15,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established for the issuance of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer and as converted on 28 November 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers on 23 
November 2006, as amended from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them.  
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market 
value (which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which 
the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an 
arm's-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, 
prudently and without compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such 
Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and article 208 of the CRR, provided that, in accordance with the foregoing, the 
Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation 
(EC) No 809/2004, as amended, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 
2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to regulatory technical standards on key financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the 
publication and classification of prospectuses, advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, 
and the notification portal, and repealing Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 382/2014 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings.

--- Page 205 ---
206 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine a quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody's, Fitch and DBRS, which are registered with the European Securities and 
Markets Authority under the CRA Regulation. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and CMVM Regulation. 
“Regulation S” means the United States Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due 
on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or 
maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given 
Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; or (vii) any 
other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii) of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions.

--- Page 206 ---
207 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by Decree-
Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as amended. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Single Resolution Board” means resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM 
Regulation. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the central institution for bank resolution in the EU, which is the 
second pillar of the banking union and which applies to banks covered by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and 
the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) no. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by SRM Regulation II).  
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
“SRF” or “Single Resolution Fund” means the single resolution fund, established in accordance with SRM 
Regulation. 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed 
as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation to 
any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered Bonds 
are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“Substitution Assets” means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they 
comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 207 ---
208 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2 Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open. 
“T2 System” means the new Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 20 March 2023 (which 
has replaced the previous settlement payment system, TARGET 2) or any successor or replacement for that 
system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or 
excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs and the Portuguese 
Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the 
Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.”, “USA” or “United States” means the United States of America. 
“US Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 208 ---
209 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Av. João XXI 
No. 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
CO-ARRANGER 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Av. João XXI, 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados –  
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, 
Portugal 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 209 ---
210 
 
 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A.  
Av. João XXI, 63 
1000-300 Lisboa, Portugal 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank  
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17,  
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe, S.A. 
103, avenue des Champs-Elysées 
75008 Paris, France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan - Italy 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Natixis  
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris, France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R, 3AB United Kingdom 
 
Société Générale  
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris, France 
UBS Europe SE  
5 Broadgate London EC2M 2QS, United 
Kingdom 
 
UniCredit Bank AG  
Arabellastrasse 12  
81925 Munich, Germany 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom

--- Page 210 ---
211 
 
 
 
AGENT 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Av. João XXI 
No. 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
AUDITOR 
To Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A. 
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas 
Avenida da República, no. 90, 6 
1600-206 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados,  
Sociedade de Advogados, SP. RL.  
Rua Castilho 165 
1070-050 Lisboa 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER, CO-ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados 
Sociedade de Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal