--- Page 1 ---
10232074867-v29
70-41036336
Base Prospectus
CAIXA ECONÓMICA MONTEPIO GERAL,
CAIXA ECONÓMICA BANCÁRIA, S.A.
(a Savings Bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of the Portuguese Republic)
€6,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
On 19 May 2000, the Issuer (as defined below) entered into a €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") which has been increased and updated from time to 
time. Any Notes to be issued after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form 
a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such 
series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.
Under the Programme, Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
€6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 
2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (as 
amended, the "Luxembourg Law ") for the approval of this base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") as a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Pursuant to the Luxembourg Law, by approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the Notes to be issued thereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Furthermore, such approval relates only to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulations, the CSSF does not engage in respect 
of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of 
approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the 
issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange).
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called the final terms (the "Final Terms"). Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes 
of such Tranche.
Each Series (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and registered form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised 
System of Registration of Securities, Central de Valores Mobiliários.
The Programme has been rated: (P)B3 (senior unsecured) / (P)B3 (senior non-preferred) / (P)Caa1 (subordinated) / (P)Caa2 (junior subordinated) by Moody's Investor Service 
España, S.A. ("Moody's"); CCC (senior unsecured) / CCC (senior non-preferred) / B (short-term) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and B (senior unsecured) / CCC 
(high) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). The "B" rating by Moody's in respect of the senior unsecured and senior non-preferred notes issued 
under the Programme indicates that such Notes are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. The "Caa" rating by Moody's in respect of the subordinated and 
junior subordinated notes issued under the Programme indicates that such Notes are judged to be speculative, of poor standing and subject to very high credit risk. The "CCC" 
rating by Fitch in respect of the senior unsecured and senior non-preferred notes issued under the Programme indicates that such Notes are of substantial credit risk. The short 
term "B" rating by Fitch indicates the speculative short term credit quality and the minimal capacity for timely payment of financial commitments, plus heightened vulnerability 
to near term adverse changes in financial and economic conditions. The "B" rating by DBRS in respect of the senior unsecured notes issued under the Programme indicates that 
such Notes are of highly speculative credit quality and there is a high level of uncertainty as to the capacity to meet financial obligations. The "CCC (high)" rating by DBRS in 
respect of the subordinated notes issued under the Programme indicates that such Notes are of very high speculative credit quality and in danger of defaulting on financial 
obligations. The short term "R-4" rating by DBRS indicates the highly speculative credit quality (with R-5 being the highest level). Each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is established 
in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings which 
Moody's, Fitch and/or DBRS may give to the Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") to be issued under the Programme may be endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd and/or DBRS Ratings Limited, (as applicable), which are established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The UK CRA Regulation rating 
agency register can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) will be valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval. This Base Prospectus will be valid for 
a year from the date of its approval. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes).
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to retail clients, as defined in MiFID II 
and/or Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Important Information" 
of this Base Prospectus for further information.
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe 
all of the risks of an investment in the Notes.
Arranger
BofA Securities
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A.
Citigroup
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank
DZ BANK AG
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
J.P. Morgan SE
NATIXIS
NatWest Markets
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UniCredit
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 June 2022

--- Page 2 ---
10232074867-v29
- i -
70-41036336
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including in 
relation to the Issuer, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the relevant Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme). To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which 
are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
10232074867-v29
- ii -
70-41036336
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 4 ---
10232074867-v29
- iii -
70-41036336
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation").
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
Save for Banco Montepio, no other person has separately verified the information contained herein. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers (excluding Banco Montepio acting in its capacity as 
Issuer) or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with 
the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, which will be liable 
solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Notes and such obligations will not be 
the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. The Notes 
are not guaranteed by any person. In addition, an investment in Notes involves the risk that subsequent

--- Page 5 ---
10232074867-v29
- iv -
70-41036336
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of 
the relevant Notes. See "Risk Factors".
The Notes will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers or any 
person other than the Issuer.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.
Investors generally purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
An investment in Notes is not equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment in 
Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other investment 
firm in the Group (as defined in the Conditions), an investment in Notes carries risks which are very 
different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Notes are expected to have greater liquidity than a bank 
deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop.
Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing 
measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction (such as the UK's Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme). Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors 
investing in Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire investment.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
10232074867-v29
- v -
70-41036336
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€" and 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain 
amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, the 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede 
them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100 per cent. when aggregated.
Financial information for the years ended and as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 contained 
in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from the Annual Report 2021.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Banco Montepio may also make written 
forward-looking statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial 
statements, in their offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements 
made by their officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about Banco Montepio's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. 
These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections and such statements reflect Banco 
Montepio's judgement at the date of this document and are not intended to give any assurances as to future 
results. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date they are made, and Banco Montepio 
undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Banco 
Montepio will comply with their obligations to publish updated information as required by law or by any 
regulatory authority but assume no further obligation to publish additional information.
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures ("APMs"), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer's overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer's auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). Accordingly, these APMs should not be considered 
as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer's internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating performance or as measures of 
the Issuer's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the 
Glossary at the back of this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base 
Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
introduced on 3 July 2016.
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and 
would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the

--- Page 7 ---
10232074867-v29
- vi -
70-41036336
Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may reasonably request.

--- Page 8 ---
10232074867-v29
70-41036336
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME................................................................................1
RISK FACTORS ...........................................................................................................................................8
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..............................................................................42
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................44
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................79
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................81
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER..............................................................................................................82
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR.............................................................................................138
THE PORTUGUESE ECONOMY ...........................................................................................................164
TAXATION...............................................................................................................................................166
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................................172
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.......................................................................................................................179
GENERAL INFORMATION....................................................................................................................190
GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ..........................................................192
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ................................................................................................................198

--- Page 9 ---
10232074867-v29
- 1 -
70-41036336
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus.
Issuer.....................................................
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" and the "Issuer").
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)...
2138004FIUXU3B2MR537
Description ...........................................
Euro Medium Term Note Programme.
Size ........................................................
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time.
Arranger...............................................
BofA Securities Europe SA
Dealers ..................................................
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A.
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
J.P. Morgan SE
Natixis
NatWest Markets N.V.
Société Générale
UniCredit Bank AG
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
"Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Agent.....................................................
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica 
bancária, S.A.
Method of Issue....................................
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates.
Issue Price ............................................
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10232074867-v29
- 2 -
70-41036336
Form of Notes.......................................
The Notes are issued in book-entry form (escriturais) and 
registered form (nominativas) that will be integrated in and 
held through Interbolsa, as management entity of the Central 
de Valores Mobiliários. The terms and conditions of each 
series of Notes shall be the terms and conditions set out in this 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented and/or completed in the 
relevant Final Terms.
The Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by Banco 
Montepio in favour of the holders of the Notes dated 24 June 
2022 (the "Instrument").
Clearing Systems .................................
Interbolsa, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Currencies ............................................
Notes may only be issued in EUR ("euro"), USD ("United 
States Dollar"), GBP ("British Pound Sterling"), JPY 
("Japanese 
Yen"), 
CHF 
("Swiss 
Franc"), 
AUD 
("Australian Dollar") and CAD ("Canadian Dollar"), or 
any other currency as Interbolsa accepts for registration and 
clearing securities.
Maturities.............................................
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and as permitted by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) and subject as provided below, any maturity 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by the 
Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations will have an original 
maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time 
by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will 
have a minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise 
permitted 
in 
accordance 
with 
Applicable 
Banking 
Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) from time to time.
According to the Luxembourg Law relating to prospectuses 
for securities (the "Luxembourg Law"), the CSSF is not 
competent to approve prospectuses for the listing of money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and which also comply with the definition of 
securities in the Luxembourg Law.
Specified Denomination ......................
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in British Pound 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in

--- Page 11 ---
10232074867-v29
- 3 -
70-41036336
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will 
have a minimum specified denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes..................................
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Reset Notes ...........................................
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset 
on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant 
Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset period, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and as further described 
in the Conditions. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions.
Floating Rate Notes .............................
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; and as amended, 
supplemented and/or updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; or
(ii)
by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin and subject to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 4(j).
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes..............................
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates ...
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period.
Redemption ..........................................
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in British 
Pound Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). Any early redemption of a 
Subordinated Note will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Relevant Authority.

--- Page 12 ---
10232074867-v29
- 4 -
70-41036336
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, which 
shall be at least equal to its nominal amount.
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, in 
the case of Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, following an Event of Default or, in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Event or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, upon a Capital Event, but otherwise early redemption 
will be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible as Tier 2 
Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as applicable, will be 
subject to the prior consent of the competent authorities 
and/or relevant resolution authorities, to the extent required, 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations.
Benchmark Discontinuation...............
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, on the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
who may determine or, if such Independent Adviser fails to 
make any such determination or the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, the Issuer may determine, a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 4(j) the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period, respectively.
Optional Redemption..........................
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption.
Status of the Senior Notes...................
The Senior Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes.
Ordinary Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities, and senior to all Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities and all present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Subordinated Notes).
Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and

--- Page 13 ---
10232074867-v29
- 5 -
70-41036336
will rank pari passu among themselves and with any other 
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the 
Conditions), junior to any present or future claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and to any Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) (and accordingly, 
upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full 
of the claims of depositors of the Issuer and Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities) in accordance with Article 8-A (as 
defined in the Conditions) and senior to all present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer in accordance with 
Article 8-A.
Status of the Subordinated Notes.......
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as provided under 
Condition 2(b) and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes will, in 
the event of the bankruptcy or the winding up of the Issuer (to 
the extent permitted by Portuguese law), be subordinated in 
right of payment in the manner provided in Condition 2(b) 
and the Instrument to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the 
Issuer but shall rank (a) at least pari passu with the claims of 
holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and all 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith and (b) in priority to any present or 
future (1) claims of holders of all share capital of the Issuer, 
(2) claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, 
and (3) claims of holders of all other obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.
Substitution and Variation .................
Where "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or 
"MREL Event – Substitution and Variation", as the case may 
be, is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
and a Capital Event or an MREL Event, as the case may be, 
has occurred and is continuing, or if required to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, the Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities (as defined in 
Condition 5(j)).
Negative Pledge....................................
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Negative Pledge" is expressly specified to be 
"Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms. See " 
Conditions — Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the 
Ordinary Senior Notes".
Cross Default........................................
Applicable only to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary 
Senior Notes: Cross-default" is expressly specified to be "Not 
Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms. See " Conditions — 
Events of Default".
Limited Rights of Acceleration ..........
A Noteholder's rights to accelerate Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where 
"Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of Default" Condition 9(a) is

--- Page 14 ---
10232074867-v29
- 6 -
70-41036336
expressly specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms are limited to insolvency or winding up type events 
only. See "Conditions — Events of Default".
Ratings..................................................
The Programme has been rated: (P)B3 (senior unsecured) / 
(P)B3 (senior non-preferred) / (P)Caa1 (subordinated) / 
(P)Caa2 (junior subordinated) by Moody's Investor Service 
España, S.A. ("Moody's"); CCC (senior unsecured) / CCC 
(senior non-preferred) / B (short-term) by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and B (senior unsecured) / CCC 
(high) (subordinated) / R-4 (short-term) by DBRS Ratings 
GmbH ("DBRS"). Each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Tranches of Notes (as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme") may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such ratings will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as 
applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.
Early Redemption................................
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for taxation reasons or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary 
Senior Notes, for regulatory capital treatment reasons. See " 
Conditions — Redemption, Purchase and Options".
Withholding Tax..................................
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding taxes in Portugal 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are 
capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon 
issuance), in relation to interest only, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in and in 
accordance with Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 
2005 (as amended) (See "Taxation – Special Tax Regime for 
Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005)").
Governing Law ....................................
English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions 
relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the 
Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the 
Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 of the Instrument and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese law.

--- Page 15 ---
10232074867-v29
- 7 -
70-41036336
Listing and Admission to Trading .....
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions..............................
The United States, Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors, Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail Investors, the Portuguese Republic, 
Japan, France, Singapore, Canada, Switzerland and the 
Republic of Italy. See "Subscription and Sale".
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended.
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") unless the 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.
Use of Proceeds:...................................
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
10232074867-v29
- 8 -
70-41036336
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision.
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of the obligations under the Notes. The risk factors 
have been organised into the following categories:

Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária);

Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business;

Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework;

Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme

Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes;

Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes;

Risks related to the market generally;

Risks related to Notes generally.
Within each category or subcategory, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out 
first. The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category or subcategory of risk is more material than any other category or subcategory.
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's legal status as a savings bank (caixa económica bancária)
Change in legal framework of the Issuer
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista ("MGAM") into a full service savings 
bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), 
under the supervision of Banco de Portugal. The nature of the Issuer as a full service savings bank (caixa 
económica bancária) limits the types of entities that can hold the majority of the capital or the voting rights 
in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities and beneficial institutions. This legal 
limitation may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its capital requirements and a 
failure to meet such requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's condition, the ability 
to pursue its business and results of its operations.
Reliance on Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista as an equity provider
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM in 1844, as an affiliated entity (caixa económica anexa) of 
MGAM, in order to support MGAM in the pursuit of its goals. MGAM is a private institution of social 
support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal purposes are to promote and develop initiatives 
designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and other beneficiaries 
nominated by them.

--- Page 17 ---
10232074867-v29
- 9 -
70-41036336
MGAM is a mutual benefits association and is the major shareholder (owner institution or instituição 
titular, as per Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September ("Savings Banks Act")) of Banco Montepio 
with 99.99 per cent. of Banco Montepio's share capital (€2,420 million as at 31 December 2021), pursuant 
to article 6 no. 2 of the Savings Banks Act.
If MGAM is not in a position to capitalise Banco Montepio and/or the contribution of other shareholders 
in Banco Montepio's capital is not sufficient to allow it to meet its capital requirements, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's condition, the ability to pursue its business and results of its 
operations.
Moreover, MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas) and the subscribed members' 
savings plans (modalidades mutualistas). These funds are invested by MGAM in a diversified set of 
financial and non-financial assets, including different types of securities and equity participations 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio) and real estate. Among these investments, and as at 31 December 
2021, MGAM held €201.1 million of debt securities and other subordinated debt issued by Banco 
Montepio, which represents 1.1 per cent. of Banco Montepio's total liabilities.
If MGAM's performance, either financial or reputational, deteriorates and MGAM is not able to provide 
additional share capital or funding to Banco Montepio, it may have a material adverse impact on Banco 
Montepio's ability to meet its capital requirements and the cost of its funding and, as a result, its prospective 
financial performance and condition.
A deterioration in investor confidence in MGAM as a result of a disposal of any shares or voting rights in 
the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer
Being a full service savings bank, the Savings Banks Act limits the types of entities that can hold the 
majority of the capital or the voting rights in the Issuer, in particular, these are mutual associations, charities 
and beneficial institutions.
MGAM may elect to offer Banco Montepio's shares to investors generally, without prejudice to its capacity 
as Banco Montepio's owner institution (instituição titular).
The participation of these investors in Banco Montepio's share capital may be perceived by its stakeholders 
as a sign of MGAM's inability to provide additional share capital to the Issuer. This could have a material 
adverse effect on investor confidence in MGAM and, as a result, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Changes to the financial regime and regulation applicable to MGAM may impact its ability to provide 
share capital to the Issuer and its relationship with the Issuer
MGAM is currently supervised (sob tutela) by the Portuguese Ministry of Solidarity, Employment and 
Social Security in accordance with the provisions set forth in the previous Mutual Associations Code 
(Código das Associações Mutualistas). Following the amendments to the Mutual Associations Code 
(Código das Associações Mutualistas), enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2018, of 2 August, as amended by 
Decree-Law no. 37/2019, of 15 March, MGAM became subject to a special supervisory regime and, as a 
result, it is subject to certain provisions of the Legal Regime of Access and Exercise of the Insurance and 
Reinsurance Activity (Regime Jurídico de Acesso e Exercício da Atividade Seguradora e Resseguradora) 
(the "RJASR") and the financial supervision of the Portuguese insurance and pension funds authority 
(Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões) (the "ASF").
MGAM, together with other affected mutual associations, is subject to a 12-year transitional period (which 
commenced on 27 November 2018). During this 12-year transition period, MGAM is required to take steps 
to adapt to the new regulatory framework imposed by the RJASR. At the end of the transitional period, and 
subject to compliance with the applicable legal requirements, MGAM will become fully subject to the 
financial supervision by the ASF and the RJASR. Until then, the Portuguese Government member 
responsible for the social security area will be responsible for the effective supervision of MGAM.
During this transition period, the ASF has powers to monitor the progress made by MGAM and other 
mutual associations to converge with the new regulatory and supervisory framework. New rules that restrict 
MGAM from providing additional share capital to the Issuer may be introduced. Furthermore, the Issuer 
cannot predict other rules which the authorities may introduce and the effects such rules may have on 
MGAM's organisation and performance and, in particular, its relationship with the Issuer. Please refer to

--- Page 18 ---
10232074867-v29
- 10 -
70-41036336
the section "Change in legal framework of the Issuer" for a description of the possible consequences arising 
from the change of Banco Montepio's legal nature into a public limited liability company in 2017.
Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business
As a result of its business activities, Banco Montepio is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant 
of which are credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control these risks may 
result in a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's financial condition and results or operations.
The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
"COVID-19", caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as 
SARSCoV- 2), to be a global pandemic.
Despite a successful vaccination programme in many countries, the risk to the global economy of further 
virus mutation continues. Due to the spread of Delta and other variants of COVID-19, particularly in China, 
disruptions in global trade flows, including port closures, have led to a shortage of inputs and goods in large 
parts of the world and has negatively impacted growth.
Another wave of infections due to virus mutations could result in a more widespread health crisis. 
Additionally, the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, including 
lockdowns, have had financial consequences for corporations and individuals. These factors in combination 
may result in protracted volatility in international markets and/or result in a severe and extended global 
recession as a consequence of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors.
The final implications of this pandemic are difficult to estimate at this stage, it has had, and might have 
further, significant macro-economic consequences and has had, and might have further, substantial 
worldwide negative effects. As such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a 
substantial negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy.
The pandemic led to the declaration of a state of emergency in various countries, including Portugal, as 
well as the imposition of travel restrictions, the establishment of quarantines and the temporary shutdowns 
of various institutions and companies, including the adoption by the Issuer and by other credit institutions 
and companies in Portugal of an unprecedented measure, especially that of having all, or the vast majority, 
of its central services' employees, working remotely.
In Portugal, the Directorate General of Health (Direção-Geral da Saúde) has been closely following the 
development of the COVID-19 pandemic and whenever necessary certain public health protocols have been 
activated, including epidemiological monitoring and surveillance, risk management and communication, 
which are usual in these situations.
Therefore, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer, including for the reasons set out below.
Firstly, the spread of such diseases amongst the Issuer's employees, or within its facilities, or any quarantine 
measures affecting the Issuer's employees, may reduce the Issuer's personnel's ability to carry out their 
work, thus affecting the Issuer's operations.
Secondly, any quarantine or spread of virus may affect clients' capacity to carry out their business 
operations, which may consequently adversely affect the Issuer's own capacity to carry out its business as 
normal.
Thirdly, the current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks and actions taken by governments 
and other relevant authorities in response to the pandemic or such outbreaks, including the imposition of 
quarantine, stay at home or mandatory business closures may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
counterparties and/or clients, resulting in additional risks in the performance of the obligations assumed by 
them for the Issuer, as and when the same fall due, ultimately exposing the Issuer to an increased number 
of defaults and insolvencies among its counterparties and/or clients.

--- Page 19 ---
10232074867-v29
- 11 -
70-41036336
In the current context, in light of the existing uncertainty as to both the duration and scale of the COVID-
19 pandemic, it is not possible to quantify the potential impacts on the business of Banco Montepio, which 
will essentially derive from external factors affecting the demand for banking products and services. This 
assessment is difficult with the information currently available, as there is currently limited data to assess 
the depth of the impact or its duration.
Depending on the depth and extent of the disruptive impact, the Issuer's business and profitability will be 
affected to a greater or lesser degree. Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial results, operations, profits and financial position.
The potential impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the COVID-
19 pandemic
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, one of the measures introduced by the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer was to implement moratoria on certain contracts, including in relation to certain counterparties and 
consumers to decrease the risk of default in the short-term. However, this measure did not entirely eliminate 
this risk and there is uncertainty around the magnitude of this risk given the uncertainty around the impact 
and ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, Banco Montepio believes that its short and 
medium term outlook suggests the COVID-19 pandemic may have adverse effects of uncertain magnitude 
on certain core business areas, profitability, credit risk and reduction of its non-performing assets.
The moratoria enacted under the special aid scheme provided to households and companies in the context 
of the COVID-19 pandemic expired on 31 December 2021 and the vast majority had already expired at the 
end of September 2021. The great majority of customers resumed debt payment service as planned on the 
date they adhered to the moratorium and as of the date of this Base Prospectus there is no increase in the 
credit risk or delinquencies on the portfolios that were subject to the moratoria, but there is still a high level 
of uncertainty as Banco Montepio cannot guarantee that prevailing market conditions will persist or return 
to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels in the future. If activity levels do not increase to pre-COVID-19 
levels, activity and commission levels may continue to be affected and risks of default may increase.
By the end of 2021, the aggregate value of the loans subject to a moratorium that had expired totalled 
€2,697 million, of which 88 per cent. were performing.
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio had granted EBA compliant moratoria, that expired at the end 
of 2021, in relation to loans and advances to customers' portfolio in an amount of €2.7 billion representing 
22.1 per cent. of the outstanding gross loans and advances to customers. Given the uncertainty around the 
impact of market agents' activity levels and whether or not they will recover to pre-COVID-19 levels, there 
may be an adverse effect of the business and profitability of Banco Montepio driven by the lower capacity 
of borrowers to honour debt service which may require reinforcement of impairments and the cost of credit 
risk might increase.
Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial results, 
operations, profits and financial position.
Credit risk
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to 
the credit risk of its counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of loans 
and amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration 
in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial systems, could 
affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's 
provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group and 
on the results of the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's operations.
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades and

--- Page 20 ---
10232074867-v29
- 12 -
70-41036336
disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and 
illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business 
and results.
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio's total credit risk exposure was €17,188 million (€16,552 million 
as at 31 December 2020). The balance of NPEs amounted to €975 million as at 31 December 2021 (€1,290 
million as at 31 December 2020), representing 8.0 per cent. (10.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) of the 
Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers.
An increase in Non-Performing Loans ("NPLs") would result in a deterioration of the Issuer's asset quality 
metrics and adversely impact the Issuer's ability to reduce the level of NPLs in accordance with the 
Transformation Plan (as defined in "Description of the Issuer - Strategy").
The Issuer's activity is subject to market risk
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments 
which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets.
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by Banco 
Montepio's Risk Division (Direção de Risco - DRI).
The Issuer's net income arising from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted by market risks 
(including, but not limited to, the impact of COVID-19). It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in 
economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effect that such changes could have on the Issuer's 
financial condition and on the results of its operations. For more information, please refer to the risk factor 
headed "The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks".
The most significant market risks faced by the Issuer are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity 
price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin 
realised between lending and borrowing costs. Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The 
performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer's investment and trading 
portfolios.
For interest rate risk measurement purposes, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes 
are aggregated by time bands according to their respective repricing dates, and the balance-sheet interest 
rate mismatch is calculated. As at 31 December 2021, the interest rate gap was €3,836 million compared to 
€3,600 million as at 31 December 2020.
For currency risk, the measurement procedure is the application of funds raised in various currencies 
through active money markets and for periods not exceeding those of the funds raised. Thus, existing 
exchange rate gaps are essentially due to possible mismatches between the periods of the application of 
funds and of the resources.
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer's investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity.
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or 
net interest income. As at 31 December 2021, an increase in interest rates by 1.0 percentage point would 
have led to a decrease in the expected economic value of the banking book portfolio of approximately €88.2 
million, compared with a reduction of €55.5 million as at 31 December 2020.
The most relevant exposures of the Issuer are in relation to Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt. 
Please refer to the risk factor headed "Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk" for additional information.

--- Page 21 ---
10232074867-v29
- 13 -
70-41036336
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, human error, 
changes in operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with which the 
Issuer does business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results
The Issuer faces the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures may 
prove to be inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer's business. The Issuer's business is 
dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems such as, 
for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. The occurrence of any of these operational 
risks may adversely impact the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects.
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB funding
Liquidity risk reflects the risk that the Issuer may be unable to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or 
from the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk).
The Issuer's practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB's 
Eligibility Criteria.
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a €4,587 million portfolio of assets 
eligible for Eurosystem monetary policy operations, of which €3,737 million were encumbered (€2,958 
million related to ECB funding and the remaining €779 million to other funding sources). The total funding 
obtained by the Issuer from the ECB amounted to €2,902 million as at 31 December 2021, corresponding 
entirely to funds raised under the TLTRO-III ("Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations").
Since March 2020, the ECB has announced various measures to create favourable conditions to support 
banks' lending to those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. These measures are temporary and 
specifically aimed at tackling the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy, the duration, 
extent and existence of ECB liquidity support more broadly cannot be predicted. If it were to be withdrawn 
or reduced, the Issuer would need to seek alternative sources of funding, which may not be possible, 
whether on equally favourable cost terms or at all.
The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations when they fall due.
The Issuer's development is dependent on successful implementation of its Transformation Plan
In March 2018, the Issuer adopted a new strategy to improve the efficiency, profitability and adequacy of 
Banco Montepio's business model, and subsequently launched a Transformation Plan to analyse Banco 
Montepio's existing position and establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific 
business goals for the medium and long term. For more information, see "Business Description – Strategy". 
There may be risks and unforeseen circumstances related to the Transformation Plan that the Issuer is not 
aware of, or that were considered immaterial by the Issuer. Expected revenue and cost synergies, 
operational efficiencies, business growth and other benefits may not materialise because the assumptions 
upon which informed the Banco Montepio Group's decision to proceed with its strategy might be incorrect 
or may be materially and adversely impacted given the change to macro-economic conditions in Portugal 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such risks and unpredictable circumstances may adversely 
affect the business and performance of the Issuer.
The Issuer's Strategy includes targets that may not be achieved
The Issuer's strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
comfortable liquidity levels, defining as priorities the increase of core net operating income and capital 
management, risk management reinforcement, platform efficiency, liquidity management, human resources 
management and the governance model (the "Strategy").

--- Page 22 ---
10232074867-v29
- 14 -
70-41036336
If any of the targets set out in the Strategy are not met, the Issuer will consequently seek to take additional 
measures in order to achieve them, however, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will be able to meet these 
targets. The Issuer's Strategy targets have not been set for the purpose of the offering of any Notes and are 
not, and should not be, regarded by potential investors as a forecast of future performance by Banco 
Montepio. Failure by the Issuer to implement such additional measures could have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of its assets.
The Issuer's activity is subject to reputational risk
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk, which is the probability of the occurrence of negative impacts on 
the Issuer resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among 
customers, suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may 
be related, or even public opinion in general.
The Issuer may not be able to foresee and mitigate the impacts of this risk and if this risk occurs it could 
materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or 
prospects.
Litigation and Conduct risks
Banco Montepio faces various issues that may give rise to the risk of loss from legal and regulatory 
proceedings. These issues include appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and 
regulatory requirements, ethical issues, and conduct by companies in which Banco Montepio holds strategic 
investments or joint venture partnerships, which could increase the number of litigation claims and the 
amount of damages asserted against Banco Montepio, or subject Banco Montepio to regulatory enforcement 
actions, fines and penalties. Banco Montepio is currently subject to ongoing litigation, in particular:
(i)
on 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority 
(Autoridade da Concorrência) on the administrative process PRC-2012/9, in which it was held that 
Banco Montepio (and other Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the 
exchange of sensitive commercial information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 
May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and imposed 
on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million; and
(ii)
the Banco de Portugal has instituted various administrative proceedings against Banco Montepio 
for alleged breaches of regulatory requirements. The Banco de Portugal has issued summary 
decisions against Banco Montepio in some of these proceedings, whereas others are in a 
preliminary phase. Where defendants have not provided evidence to support their claims, it is 
difficult to assess the risk of a finding against Banco Montepio. The Issuer has assessed an 
aggregate level of potential fines in respect of these proceedings to be approximately €9 million.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of the above described 
proceedings. For more information on Banco Montepio's ongoing litigation, see "Description of the Issuer 
– Legal and arbitration proceedings". Any material legal proceedings, publicity surrounding such legal or 
regulatory proceedings or an unfavourable decision from these legal proceedings may adversely affect the 
Issuer's business, reputation and operating results.
International Activity
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group is carried out by the subsidiaries Finibanco Angola, 
S.A. ("Finibanco Angola") and Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. ("Banco 
MG Cabo Verde") (the latter until 30 November 2021, the date on which the process of dissolution and 
voluntary liquidation began, and through the representative offices). The Issuer believes its operation in 
Angola, through Finibanco Angola, is exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or economic 
developments in Angola.
In addition, the Issuer's operations are subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Often, 
these regulations are complex and costly to comply with in terms of time and other resources. Breach of 
applicable regulations may lead to penalties, fines, compliance costs, reputational harm and even loss of 
licences to operate.

--- Page 23 ---
10232074867-v29
- 15 -
70-41036336
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its 
operating results.
A downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer
Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
The Issuer's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they 
mature, are an important factor in determining the Issuer's cost of borrowing funds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer had been assigned a rating of: Long Term Issuer Default Rating of "B-" and 
Short Term Issuer Default Rating of "B" by Fitch; Baseline Credit Assessment of "b3" by Moody's and 
Long Term Issuer Rating of "B" and Short Term Issuer Rating of "R-4" by DBRS. The ratings assigned to 
the Issuer by Fitch indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains, 
financial commitments are currently being met, however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration in the business and economic environment. The rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody's 
indicates that the Issuer is judged to have speculative intrinsic, or standalone, financial strength, and is 
subject to high credit risk absent any possibility of extraordinary support from an affiliate or a government. 
The rating assigned to the Issuer by DBRS indicates that the Issuer is of speculative, non-investment grade 
credit quality; its capacity for the payment of financial obligations is uncertain; and it is vulnerable to future 
events. A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings, or being placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase 
its cost of borrowing and have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, financial condition and 
results, operations or prospects.
A downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its 
ability to raise funding or capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or 
the credit ratings of the Notes (if applicable) generally may affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, 
ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors may 
affect the value of the Notes.
Information on the ratings granted to the Issuer (including any changes to the ratings as described in the 
preceding paragraphs), as well as on any update to the Issuer's rating, is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/ratings).
In addition, a downgrade or potential downgrade of Portugal's sovereign rating or a change in rating agency 
methodologies relating to systemic support provided by Portugal could negatively affect the perception by 
ratings agencies of the Issuer's rating. There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain 
the Issuer's current ratings or outlooks or those of Portugal.
Furthermore, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as 
COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A 
reduction in the Issuer's credit ratings would increase its costs of funding and could have a materially 
adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's business, reputation, financial condition 
and results, operations or prospects.
Sovereign Debt and Sovereign Risk
The high level of indebtedness of the Portuguese Republic, the perception that Portugal may fail to meet its 
fiscal targets, combined with uncertainty regarding the long-term growth potential of the domestic 
economy, may result in an increase in the sovereign risk premium for Portuguese public debt securities in 
secondary debt markets and restrict access of the Portuguese Republic to primary debt markets. Such risk 
could be exacerbated by reduced confidence in international financial markets or be triggered by weak 
performance in the domestic economy or adverse developments in the local political environment.
Should the foregoing occur, a deterioration of Portuguese sovereign debt risk could negatively impact the 
Issuer's liquidity position, both through funding difficulties and the reduction of the Issuer's pool of assets 
eligible for discount at the ECB, in addition to increased funding costs and the Issuer's capacity to increase 
its loan and asset portfolio. This could have a negative impact on the financial condition, credit quality and 
operating results of the Issuer. This scenario could be further aggravated by persistent volatility in the

--- Page 24 ---
10232074867-v29
- 16 -
70-41036336
financial sector and capital markets or by financial difficulties, including the possible default of one or more 
financial institutions or sovereigns, which could lead to significant liquidity problems in the market in 
general, and to losses and defaults by other institutions.
The Issuer maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and other 
markets. The most significant exposure of the Issuer is in relation to sovereign debt, namely Italian followed 
by Spanish and Portuguese, as comprised in its own securities portfolio. As at 31 December 2021, the 
exposure of the Issuer to foreign sovereign debt was €2,377.5 million, with €42.1 million in fair value 
through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €2,335.4 million in other financial assets at 
amortised cost portfolio (bonds issued by foreign public entities). As at 31 December 2021, the exposure 
of the Issuer to Portuguese sovereign debt was €701.0 million, with €32.1 million in fair value through 
other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") portfolio and €669.9 million in other financial assets at amortised 
cost portfolio (bonds issued by public entities – domestic). These positions could be adversely affected by 
volatility in sovereign debt creating a risk of substantial losses.
As at 31 December 2021, the net capital gains obtained on the sale of Portuguese sovereign bonds amounted 
to €15.9 million compared to €43.0 million as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the net 
capital gains obtained on the sale of foreign sovereign bonds amounted to €0.9 million compared to €6.5 
million as at 31 December 2020. There is a risk that the Issuer may not receive these capital gains in the 
future or even that losses may be recognised in the future if market appetite for Portuguese securities turns 
subdued compared to other peripheral economies.
Concentration risk and significant exposure to the real estate market
The Issuer has significant credit exposure to certain groups of clients. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's 
top 10 client group credit exposures represented 6.3 per cent. of the Issuer's total credit exposure (which 
includes Gross loans and advances to customers in the aggregate amount of €12,189 million, guarantees 
and sureties provided in the aggregate amount of €480 million and irrevocable credit facilities amounting 
to €694 million).
In particular, the Issuer is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market in Portugal given its high 
exposure to the Portuguese real estate market through mortgage loans, loans granted to construction 
companies, assets obtained in lieu of payment (disclosed as "Non-current assets held for sale" and "Other 
assets" in its balance sheet), properties securing loans or related to its operations, funding of real estate 
development projects and through the exposure to real estate funds which are majority owned by the Issuer 
(disclosed in the Issuer's balance sheet as "Investment Properties"), as well as real estate fund units 
(unidades de participação) held in its own portfolio.
The total value of Investment properties (propriedades de investimento) held by the Issuer as at 31 
December 2021 amounted to €102.9 million (€125.9 million as at 31 December 2020) being comprised of 
real estate properties held by various funds which are consolidated into the results of the Banco Montepio 
Group and properties held by SSAGIncentive – Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, 
S.A.
The Issuer's Assets received in recovery of credit (including Impairment for assets received in recovery of 
credit) amounted to €465.2 million as at 31 December 2021 (€567.4 million as at 31 December 2020) and 
included buildings and other assets resulting from the foreclosure of loans to customers, originated by (i) 
delivery of the assets, with option to repurchase or leasing, accounted with the entering into of the contract 
or the promise to deliver the asset and the respective irrevocable power of attorney issued by the customer 
in the name of the Issuer; or (ii) the adjudication of the assets as a result of a judicial process of guarantees 
execution, accounted with the title of adjudication or following the adjudication request after the record of 
the first (payment pro solvendo). According to the Issuer's expectation, these assets are expected to be sold 
in a period of less than one year and the Issuer has a strategy for its sale. Nevertheless, given prevailing 
market conditions, and although those assets are intended to be sold as soon as possible, in some situations 
the Issuer's expectations may not be fulfilled.
The participation units (unidades de participação) of real estate investment funds held in the Issuer's 
variable-income securities – investment units amounted to €111.3 million as at 31 December 2021 (€252.6 
million as at 31 December 2020).

--- Page 25 ---
10232074867-v29
- 17 -
70-41036336
Given that current real estate prices are relatively high compared to historical levels and the cyclical nature 
of the Portuguese real estate market, there is a risk that Portuguese real estate prices will decrease from 
current levels.
Changes in the Portuguese real estate market regulations, adverse geopolitical events and a general 
slowdown in global economic activity, may lead to a decline in demand for real estate and, consequently, 
a downward adjustment in prices. In addition, events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural 
disasters, fires, war and/or military conflicts, or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear 
of such crises in a particular region may weaken economic conditions and could lead to a decline in the real 
estate values of the real estate properties located in the regions affected by such events.
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to impairment losses in 
the assets held directly by Banco Montepio and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans secured 
on real estate collateral. Accordingly, the Issuer is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market and 
any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results, operations or prospects.
Banco Montepio is exposed to pension fund risk
Pension fund risk arises from the potential devaluation of Banco Montepio's pension fund portfolio of assets 
or from a decrease of income from those assets.
The Pension Fund Monitoring Commission is responsible for the regular analysis and monitoring of the 
management of Banco Montepio's pension fund. In addition, the Risk Division produces monthly reports 
on the evolution of the market value of the pension fund portfolio and associated risk indicators.
As at 31 December 2021, the accumulated actuarial remeasurements recognised in the other comprehensive 
income of the pension fund amounted to €273.8 million (€301.2 million as at 31 December 2020).
In the event of a shortfall in its pension liabilities, Banco Montepio may be required or may choose to make 
additional payments to its pension schemes, as foreseen in Banco Montepio's pension fund constitutional 
documents, which, depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on Banco Montepio's 
business, reputation, financial condition and operating results or prospects.
Banco Montepio is exposed to the risks associated with the value of certain financial instruments being 
determined using financial models that incorporate assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change 
over time
Banco Montepio uses internally developed models to support some of its activities, including, but not 
limited to, scoring models used to assess clients' (individuals and corporates) capacity to repay loans granted 
by the Banco Montepio Group. Even though Banco Montepio works continually to upgrade its internal 
models and to adapt them to constantly changing market conditions, these models do not exclude the 
possibility of Banco Montepio incurring losses associated with factors not foreseen or contemplated in the 
model's respective parameters or methodology. This could have an adverse effect on Banco Montepio's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Deferred Tax Assets Regime
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets ("DTAs") of €459.9 million (€496.2 
million as at 31 December 2020), of which €61.1 million were not dependent on future profitability (€66.9 
million as at 31 December 2020).
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of DTAs, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects.
Pursuant to current legislation (Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended)), if the Issuer incurs losses on 
an individual basis, there is the risk that the Portuguese Government will become a shareholder of Banco 
Montepio by virtue of the conversion of some DTA into ordinary shares. Taking into consideration that 
Banco Montepio registered a negative net income on an individual basis in 2020, following the approval of 
the annual accounts by the governing bodies and in accordance with the provisions of Law no. 61/2014, of 
26 August (as amended), in 2021 a partial portion of the deferred tax assets resulting from non-deduction

--- Page 26 ---
10232074867-v29
- 18 -
70-41036336
of expenses and deductions of assets value resulting from loan impairment losses and post-employment or 
long-term employee benefits was converted into tax credits, for which purpose a special reserve 
corresponding to 110 per cent. of its amount was set up.
Accordingly, in accordance with Article 8 of the annex to Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August (as amended), in 
2021 Banco Montepio created a special reserve in the amount of €4.8 million, corresponding to a tax credit 
of €4.3 million, which at 31 December 2021 was included in the calculation of the total current tax assets.
These amounts may be changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs 
Authority (Autoridade Tributária e Aduaneira).
For further information, please refer to section "Banking regulation in Portugal".
IT and Telecommunications Systems Risk
The Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information technology 
("IT") systems, as a result the failure of computer or telecommunications systems could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer. Given the high volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain 
errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings 
or failures of the Issuer's internal processes, employees or systems, including any of the Issuer's financial, 
accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to the Issuer's 
reputation. In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, the Issuer's ability to conduct 
business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its operations and the 
communities in which it does business.
IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centres. IT systems need regular upgrading and banks, 
including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may 
fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry operations from cyberattacks 
could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive information. A breach of sensitive 
customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant reputational impact and significant legal 
and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer.
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened, especially during the current COVID-
19 pandemic, because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and 
hackers.
Failure of the Issuer's IT systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) obligations and 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations 
or prospects.
The Issuer is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of 
misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer
The Issuer is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of 
misconduct by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third 
party service providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in 
breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal 
proceedings or reputational damage.
The Issuer may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts 
by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients.
The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit 
fraud through electronic channels or to gain access to information technology systems used by the Issuer 
(including with respect to clients' and the Issuer's information held on those systems and transactions 
processed through these systems) are a growing threat to the Issuer. The manifestations of risks to 
technology — including cyber security — change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. 
Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future 
attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Issuer may 
as a result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing 
that data is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly.

--- Page 27 ---
10232074867-v29
- 19 -
70-41036336
There is a risk that cyber-security risk may not be adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack may take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations 
and administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings.
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to 
be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may 
not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates, especially considering the entry 
into force on 25 May 2018 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the 
European Parliament and of the council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard 
to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC). Thus, data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other 
than those authorised by the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or 
employees of companies of the Issuer).
If any of these circumstances occur, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework
Legislation changes regarding banking commissions
The current legislation in Portugal, Decree-Law 3/2010, of 5 January 2010, prohibits charges for the 
provision of payment services and for operations at ATMs. The law prohibits the collection of charges by 
credit institutions for cash withdrawals, deposits or service payments at ATMs, as well as the collection of 
charges by beneficiaries of payment services for payment transactions via automatic payment terminals. 
Law 53/2020, of 26 August, extended this legislation on 26 August 2020, and came into effect on 1 January 
2021, to impose limits on the collection of commissions by payment service providers for withdrawals of 
funds, payments of services or transfers, in or through payment applications operated by third parties (e.g. 
MBWay or PayPal), websites or in a merchant shop and for issuing virtual cards for secure purchases on 
websites and codes for cash withdrawals at ATMs. Additionally, new legislation was introduced, Law 
57/2020, of 28 August, which came into effect on 1 January 2021. This new legislation has introduced rules 
for the protection of consumers of financial services in banking commissioning, housing credit and 
consumer credit, which prohibits imposing additional commission for certain activities. Law 44/2020, of 
19 August, amended the basic bank account commissioning terms and conditions in order to offer to these 
current account holders low-cost access to a set of banking services considered essential.
Other similar or broader initiatives may arise in the future, the content and range of which is still unknown, 
that may impose more limits to commissions charged by banks, including the Issuer, which may adversely 
affect the business and performance of the Issuer.
Exposure to extensive and changing legislative and regulatory oversight
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
location where it operates. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Portugal, could materially 
affect the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers or the value of its assets. The COVID-19 
pandemic may also result in the Portuguese Government, EU authorities and relevant regulatory bodies, 
introducing legislative and regulatory changes. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be 
unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. There is a risk that changes in financial services 
laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies might negatively affect the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Borrower's protection laws
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; 
and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures

--- Page 28 ---
10232074867-v29
- 20 -
70-41036336
that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower's 
protection are expected to continue in the future.
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer's rights 
with respect to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Implications of a negative EURIBOR on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential real estate 
property
Law No. 32/2018, of 18 July, amending Decree-Law No. 74-A/2017, of 23 June, on credit agreements for 
borrowers relating to residential real estate property, entered into force on 19 July 2018 and, in the context 
of residential loan agreements, imposes on banking institutions, including the Issuer, the obligation to 
reflect the existence of negative rates in the calculation of interest rates applicable to the loans.
According to this new law, when the sum of the relevant index rate (such as EURIBOR) and the relevant 
margin is negative, this negative interest rate amount will have to either (i) be discounted from the principal 
amounts outstanding of the relevant loans or (ii) be converted into a credit which may in the future set off 
against positive interest rates (and ultimately paid to the borrowers if it has not fully been set off at 
maturity).
The compliance with the above-mentioned law may have a negative impact in relation to the interest 
accruing on the housing loans forming part of the Issuer's loan portfolio, insofar as a floating interest rate 
has been agreed under such loans, and the relevant EURIBOR rate is below zero. This may negatively 
affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
Regulation of the Portuguese Financial Industry on Prudential Matters
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to 
extensive regulation by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the ECB and the European Banking 
Authority ("EBA"), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and provisioning, and also extensive 
regulation by the Portuguese Securities Regulator (the "CMVM") and supervision by the Insurance and 
Pension Funds Supervisory Authority ("ASF"), as well as by other equivalent regulators of jurisdictions in 
which it operates.
Activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer limit its ability to advance 
loans to customers and may require it to issue additional capital in the future. This may affect the Issuer's 
future activities, its results and the cost and ability to obtain funds that could be classified as own funds, 
and the repayment of the existing subordinated debt.
Pressure to comply with activity, liquidity and capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer could 
force the Issuer to liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms, thus leading to a 
materially adverse impact on its business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects.
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer's activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer's control.
It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. A potential further 
alignment by Banco de Portugal to the ECB's regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in 
certain areas, such as capital requirements and acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio Group's results and financial position. Further 
changes or difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax or variations in the interpretation 
of laws, regulations and guidelines might negatively affect the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results, operations or prospects.

--- Page 29 ---
10232074867-v29
- 21 -
70-41036336
Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution
On 10 February 2012, the Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012 introduced the legal framework for the adoption of 
resolution measures into the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime 
Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras ("RGICSF") regulated by the Decree-Law 
298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended).
Such resolution framework has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree 
Law no. 114-B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the 
Directives 2014/49/EU of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.
A Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") has been introduced including a single resolution board ("SRB") 
and a single fund for the resolution of banks. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM 
Regulation (as defined below) and the BRRD.
Banco de Portugal may require the Issuer to make changes to its legal structure pursuant to its 
implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or other applicable law or 
regulation. Therefore, the Issuer cannot anticipate if additional costs might be due and for which proportion, 
as well as if there could be an impact on the Issuer's results and financial position.
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities regime ("MREL"), became effective 
during 2016, and requires the issue of new senior debt with a subordination structure or strengthening of 
Tier 2 capital. The implementation of the MREL regime is subject to a transition period and will have 
implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, which will lead to changes in the liability structure.
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions are required to meet MREL 
requirements set by Banco de Portugal. Banco Montepio has already been notified by Banco de Portugal 
regarding the MREL requirements to be met which are as follows:
(a)
MREL requirement to be met permanently by Banco Montepio from 1 January 2022 onwards, 
based on its consolidated financial position, of 5.33 per cent. of total leverage ratio exposure 
("LRE");
(b)
MREL requirement as a percentage of total risk weighted assets ("RWA") shall be met during a 
transition period ending on 1 January 2025;
(c)
Determination of an intermediate target, that expired on 1 January 2022, in which Banco Montepio, 
based on its consolidated financial position, had to comply with a MREL requirement set at 13.67 
per cent. of RWA;
(d)
From 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2025, Banco Montepio, based on its consolidated financial 
position, must comply with a MREL requirement that will increase on the first day of each year in 
a linear trend, beginning on 1 January 2022 with 13.67 per cent. until 20.77 per cent., added by the 
combined buffer requirements, to be met from 1 January 2025 onwards; and
(e)
No minimum subordination requirement has been applied.
The MREL requirement determined by the Banco de Portugal is based on the applicable legislation and is 
therefore subject to being updated from time to time.
As of 1 January 2022, Banco Montepio complied with the intermediate MREL requirement set for that date, 
both as a percentage of the RWA (with a ratio of 14.7 per cent.) and as a percentage of the LRE (with a 
ratio of 6.4 per cent.).
In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting 
its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to 
restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without 
limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's 
earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, if they include convertibility features.

--- Page 30 ---
10232074867-v29
- 22 -
70-41036336
Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse 
market conditions or to investors' negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply 
with the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above- mentioned 
instruments, there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those 
instruments at a higher premium. These proposals and/or requirements could therefore have an adverse 
effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects of Banco 
Montepio.
Basel Committee: potential impact of Basel IV requirements
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") published a package of 
proposed reforms for the global regulatory framework of banking industry which is frequently referred to 
as "Basel IV". The BCBS's aim is to make the capital framework more robust and to improve confidence 
in the system.
The BCBS has proposed reforms which are designed to make banks more resilient and increase confidence 
in the banking system. The Basel IV proposals announced recently include updates to the ways banks 
calculate their capital requirements ratios with the aim of making outcomes more comparable across banks 
globally.
The framework will now be considered by lawmakers in national jurisdictions and at the EU level. As part 
of this process, national or EU authorities must decide on the use of a limited number of alternative 
calculations allowed under the BCBS proposal, so called "national options and discretions".
The BCBS proposed a nine-year implementation timetable. A five-year "phase-in" period was previously 
expected to commence on 1 January 2022, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2027. In light 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, the BCBS revised the timeline with the "phase-in" period commencing on 1 
January 2025, with full implementation expected from 1 January 2030.
There is still a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel IV implementation, and subsequently 
how and when it will be implemented in the EU. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the 
impact on the future capital requirements of the Issuer.
On 23 November 2016, the EU Commission proposed substantial changes to the CRD IV, the CRR, the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism framework (the 
"November 2016 Proposals"). The November 2016 Proposals were adopted by the Council on 14 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the EU, as follows:

Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"); and

Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II"), both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into 
force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or before 28 December 2020 and SRMR 
II shall apply from 28 December 2020.
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") introduce a new approach for the measurement of 
counterparty credit risk, the implementation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"), a changed 
framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of trading book exposures, in addition to other 
amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, remuneration and the EU's recovery and resolution 
framework. Most of the provisions of CRD V were required to be transposed into national law by 28 
December 2020, with application immediately thereafter. Although the transposition deadline has passed,

--- Page 31 ---
10232074867-v29
- 23 -
70-41036336
CRD V has still not been implemented in Portugal. Banco de Portugal, as the Portuguese local regulator, 
has launched a public consultation regarding the draft legal instrument that aims to transpose CRD V into 
national law (Código da Atividade Bancária). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the public consultation 
has been concluded and the revised draft legal instrument is expected to be published the near future, 
however, such date is not yet known.
CRR came into effect on 28 June 2021, subject to certain applications and exemptions, such as those relating 
to the transitional arrangements for International Financial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments 
("IFRS 9") and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments.
Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and more 
demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely manner.
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated
Following the decision of Banco de Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo ("BES"), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, S.A. 
("Novobanco"), specifically set up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by 
Decree-law 31- A/2012, of 10 February 2012 (the "Resolution Fund"). The Resolution Fund is funded by 
contributions from the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from the 
Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million 
corresponded to the Resolution Fund's own financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted 
by the Portuguese State (the "2014 Portuguese State Loan"), €700 million from a loan granted by a group 
of credit institutions that are members of the Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the "Participants' 
Loan"). As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's share of the Participants' Loan was €70 million.
The Issuer's pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer's 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. This number varies over time and it is very difficult to 
determine the Issuer's exact participation at any given point in time.
In 2020, the total contribution amount to the Resolution Fund totalled €72.0 million (€74.1 million in 2019), 
which represented a decrease of €2.1 million over the previous year, of which approximately 6.2 per cent. 
(5.8 per cent. in 2019) were contributions from the Issuer.
In relation to the contributions from the Portuguese banking sector, in accordance with the available data, 
in 2020 it amounted to €177.7 million (€179.2 million in 2019), of which approximately 6.1 per cent. (5.5 
per cent. in 2019) was paid by the Issuer.
In 2020 the periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition amounted to €128.2 
million (€124.0 million in 2019), of which approximately 4.8 per cent. (5.3 per cent. in 2019) was paid by 
the Issuer, which included the contributions collected under the combined terms of the scheme transposing 
BRRD and the SRM Regulation from the institutions covered by the SRM. This amount was therefore 
almost entirely transferred to the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") in accordance with the Intergovernmental 
Agreement and is not included in the calculation of the funding sources of the Resolution Fund. Excluded 
from the transfer to the SRF is only the amount paid to the Resolution Fund by the participating institutions 
that do not fall within the scope of the SRM, which amounted to 4 thousand euros.
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
("Banif") cannot be anticipated, as there is the risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation 
while both resolutions are not totally settled. See "The Portuguese Banking Sector – The resolution measure 
applied to Banif" section of this Base Prospectus for further information.
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice 
investors' and economic agents' positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a 
participant thereto.
New requirements related to liquidity ratios may affect profitability
The Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of liquidity coverage ratios for short and 
medium/long-term liabilities, known as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and NSFR. The LCR

--- Page 32 ---
10232074867-v29
- 24 -
70-41036336
addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a severe 
stress scenario and is calculated in accordance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of the European 
Commission, of 10 October 2014. Since 2018, financial institutions have been required to maintain, in their 
own portfolio, high quality liquid assets corresponding to 100 per cent. of the net cash outflows in the 
following 30 days.
The fulfilment of these ratios by the Issuer may lead to the constitution of portfolios with highly liquid 
assets but low profitability. Additionally, it may lead to an increase in the financing costs, since the ratios 
increase favours the long-term financing over the short-term. Such changes may have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's results.
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk with existing and future regulations, the breach of which could 
cause damage to the Issuer
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer's banking activities are subject to extensive 
regulation by, among other entities, the ECB, Banco de Portugal, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), 
the European and Securities Markets Authority ("ESMA") and the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission ("CMVM", Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários), as well as other supervisory 
authorities from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities. These regulations relate 
to liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, bribery and 
terrorism financing, privacy, know your customer, securities (including debt instruments) issuance and 
offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices.
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing rules entails 
significant costs and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including 
adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure 
compliance with applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will comply, at all times, with all 
applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing, as 
extended to the Issuer, are applied by its employees under all circumstances. This may lead to material 
adverse effects on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
All the above regulations are complex and their fulfilment implies high costs in terms of time and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may result in damage to the 
Issuer's reputation, the application of penalties and even the loss of authorisation to carry out its activities.
Due to the persistence of the financial crisis and the subsequent government intervention, regulation in the 
financial services sector has increased substantially over the last decade and this trend is expected to 
continue. Further regulation of the sector may include measures such as the imposition of higher and more 
stringent capital requirements, leverage ratios and loss absorbing capacity resources more generally, as well 
as more demanding duties concerning the disclosure of information and more onerous restrictions on certain 
types of activity or transactions.
In addition, new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer 
participates, or cause a change in the fees or commissions that the Issuer charges on certain loans or other 
products; consequently, any changes in regulation or supervision, particularly in Portugal, may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or 
prospects. The fulfilment of current and future capital requirements, as set out by the European 
Commission, the European Council and the European Parliament (together, the "European Authorities"), 
by Banco de Portugal and by the ECB has had, and could further have, a significant impact on the Issuer's 
capital structure and financial position.
The CRR has been directly applicable in European States since 1 January 2014 and includes provisions 
regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and liquidity ratios. These 
measures may have a significant impact on the Issuer's capital and on its respective assets and liabilities 
management.
Banks operating in Portugal are obliged to comply with several capital ratios, including a minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent. and a 
minimum total capital ratio of 8 per cent., in each case of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs").

--- Page 33 ---
10232074867-v29
- 25 -
70-41036336
The capital adequacy requirements currently applicable, or in the future applicable, to the Issuer may limit 
its ability to advance loans to customers and may require it to issue additional equity capital or subordinated 
debt in the future, which are expensive sources of funding.
CRD V and CRR II introduce a new approach for the measurement of counterparty credit risk, the 
implementation of the NSFR, a changed framework for interest rate risk and changes to the treatment of 
trading book exposures, in addition to other amendments relating to capital, liquidity, leverage, 
remuneration and the EU's recovery and resolution framework.
Most of the provisions of CRD V were required to be transposed into national law by 28 December 2020, 
with application immediately thereafter. Although the transposition deadline has passed, CRD V has still 
not been implemented in Portugal. Banco de Portugal, as the Portuguese local regulator, has launched a 
public consultation regarding the draft legal instrument that aims to transpose CRD V into national law 
(Código da Atividade Bancária). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the public consultation has 
concluded and the Banco de Portugal prepared a proposal for the new law, which has yet to be approved.
CRR II applied from 28 June 2021 subject to certain applications and exemptions, such as those relating to 
the transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments.
The November 2016 Proposals also include phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 
9 and the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework. The impact of changes to the IFRS, 
such as IFRS 9, cannot always be accurately quantified in advance, but the changes in the fair values and 
impairments of financial instruments resulting from the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition, results, operations and, if such changes are significant, 
also on its prospects. For more information, see risk factor headed "Basel Committee: potential impact of 
Basel IV requirements".
Furthermore, under the CRD IV, institutions may be subject to restrictions in relation to making 
"discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly as payments relating to CET1 capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall 
in meeting its capital buffer requirements or a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities. If the Issuer's ability to make discretionary payments becomes subject to such 
restrictions, this could have an impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding 
(including but not limited to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes).
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those 
features:
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes (as defined in the Conditions) bear a variable interest income. A holder of a Floating 
Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating 
interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes may be payable plus or minus a margin.
Risks relating to Reset Notes
The interest rate on Reset Notes (as defined in the Conditions) will reset on each Reset Date, which can be 
expected to affect the interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value 
of Reset Notes.
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date and with such sum converted as described in the definition of First Reset Rate of

--- Page 34 ---
10232074867-v29
- 26 -
70-41036336
Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset 
Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Reset Notes.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. This feature that converts the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
Notes may, subject as provided in the Conditions, be redeemed before their Maturity Date (i) at any time 
for taxation reasons in accordance with Condition 5(c); (ii) if Call Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the sole discretion of the Issuer on any Optional Redemption Date; or (iii) in respect of (a) 
Subordinated Notes only, at any time following the occurrence of a Capital Event, and (b) Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes, at any time following the occurrence of an MREL Event, 
in each case at their Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, together 
with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption in accordance with the Conditions. An 
optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect, or is perceived to be able to elect, to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default. Noteholders may not be able to 
exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early intervention or resolution 
measure under the RGICSF
Noteholders have a very limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes. The 
terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, 
except in the case that (i) an order is made by any competent court commencing bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer or for its winding up or dissolution, or the Issuer institutes such proceedings, 
suspends payments or makes a general arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or (ii) an order is made 
or an effective resolution is passed by the Issuer's shareholders for the winding-up of the Issuer.
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant 
to the RGICSF. The adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an 
event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in 
respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this 
does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure and does not 
necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to the 
RGICSF.

--- Page 35 ---
10232074867-v29
- 27 -
70-41036336
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to 
the relevant provisions of the BRRD in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant 
to such procedure. Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the 
application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the RGICSF. There can be no assurance that the 
taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the 
enforcement by a Noteholders of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default 
may be limited in these circumstances.
The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be 
redeemed prior to maturity upon a Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event, as applicable
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and/or certain Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has 
been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving an irrevocable notice 
to Noteholders at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, upon a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or 
following the occurrence of an MREL Event (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or certain 
Ordinary Senior Notes).
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior 
Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant 
Final Terms upon a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon an MREL Event (in the case 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes), as applicable, will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority (as defined in the Conditions) if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in the Conditions) and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority will give its consent or approval to any such 
redemption. Noteholders should be aware that the consent or approval of the Competent Authority will 
depend, amongst other things, on the capital adequacy of the Issuer at the relevant time. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not Senior Non Preferred Notes or certain Ordinary Senior Notes 
will or may qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments (see "–The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty") or if any 
further change in the laws or regulations of Portugal, the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL 
Requirements or in the application or official interpretation thereof will occur and whether such change 
may lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem such Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to 
redeem such Notes or if any prior consent of the Competent Authority, if required, will be given.
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption 
due to a Capital Event) or pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Redemption due to an MREL Event) are likely to 
limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may redeem the Notes or is perceived 
to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any 
time where there is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes 
early. The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time.
The qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments is subject to uncertainty
The Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to be MREL-Eligible 
Instruments (as defined in the Conditions) under the MREL Requirements. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot

--- Page 36 ---
10232074867-v29
- 28 -
70-41036336
provide any assurance that the Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes will or may 
be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments.
If for any reasons the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior 
Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms are not MREL-
Eligible Instruments or if they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible 
due to a change in Portuguese law or the MREL Requirements, then an MREL Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) will occur, with the consequences indicated in the Conditions. See "— The Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity upon a 
Capital Event or upon the occurrence of an MREL Event".
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their nominal amount tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as the Reference Rate) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark".
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national 
and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations in 
a specified interest rate benchmark. Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such 
as EURIBOR, which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value 
of such financial instruments ("Benchmarks"), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and 
changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause 
a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the 
performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing or linked to such Benchmark.
(i)
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide

--- Page 37 ---
10232074867-v29
- 29 -
70-41036336
that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its 
successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent,
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the 
continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and 
the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.
(ii)
Benchmark Events
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original 
Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the 
Conditions). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
appointed is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer 
may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest and the 
application of any Adjustment Spread may result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form.
(iii)
Potential for a fixed rate return
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or each of the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance 
with the Conditions.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the 
Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) is unable to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, 
respectively, will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 38 ---
10232074867-v29
- 30 -
70-41036336
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
(failing which, the Issuer) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect 
of any given Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, it will continue to attempt to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods, as necessary.
Applying the Initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined.
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there 
is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser (and the 
Issuer, as the case may be) fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of 
the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will 
continue to apply to maturity. Further, the Conditions provide that no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes:
(A)
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or
(B)
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations,
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Competent Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer. This also risks the Floating Rate Notes in effect becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes.
(iv)
ISDA Determination
Where ISDA determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest 
may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of 
quotations from certain banks. If EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen 
rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions 
may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely 
affect the value of, and return of the Floating Rate Notes.
Holders of the Subordinated Notes will have limited remedies
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any payment of principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding up of the Issuer. As such, the 
remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes are more limited than those typically available to 
Senior Creditors or holders of senior-ranking securities, including Senior Notes, which may make 
enforcement more difficult.

--- Page 39 ---
10232074867-v29
- 31 -
70-41036336
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and the 
Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments upon issuance)
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of Portuguese taxes on any payments under the terms of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable 
of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) applies only to payments of interest and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with 
characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) to 
the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable 
of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), Noteholders may receive less than the full 
amount of principal due under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or the Ordinary 
Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
upon issuance) upon redemption, and the market value of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-
Eligible Instruments upon issuance) may be adversely affected.
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a 
waiver of set-off, netting and compensation rights
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary 
Senior Note (unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set Off" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Not Applicable") may exercise or claim any set-off, netting or compensation right in respect of any amount 
owned by it to the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Note, the Senior Non 
Preferred Note or the Ordinary Senior Note, as the case may be, and each holder of a Subordinated Note, a 
Senior Non Preferred Note or an Ordinary Senior Note (unless "Ordinary Senior Note Waiver of Set Off" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as Not Applicable), as the case may be, shall, by virtue of its 
subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set off.
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, if any of the amounts owing to any holder by the Issuer in respect 
of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant Notes is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
(or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the 
Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the 
Issuer (or the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer (as the case may be)) and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 5(j), if a Capital Event or a MREL 
Event occurs, the Issuer may (subject to (a) the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agents in accordance with Condition 12, which notice shall be 
irrevocable (i) that the relevant securities will be Compliant Securities and (ii) that such securities will not 
have terms materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes) at its option and 
without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Notes for, or (ii) vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Compliant Securities (as defined in Condition 5(j)). While Compliant Securities generally must 
contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant 
Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Compliant Securities will be viewed by the market 
as equally favourable, or that the Compliant Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at 
which the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.
Risk relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should be 
read together with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described above.

--- Page 40 ---
10232074867-v29
- 32 -
70-41036336
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency 
or resolution
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the relevant Conditions) will be 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior to all unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions)). Although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should 
the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented in Portugal through Law No. 
23-A/2015 of, 26 March 2015, (which amended the RGICSF)) and the Subordinated Notes become subject 
to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power, as defined below, (and, in case they constitute Tier 2 
instruments, the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below)) or (ii) insolvent.
The Portuguese Bail-in Power is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
incorporated in the Portuguese Republic, in effect and applicable to the Issuer, including the laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited 
to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which amended the RGICSF), (ii) the SRM Regulation, and (iii) 
the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of credit 
institutions or investment firms (or other affiliate of such entities) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of such credit institutions or investment firms or 
any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).
In the case of any exercise of the Portuguese Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the 
sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD 
provides for the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes if they qualify as 
such as it is expected) to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior 
to the principal amount of subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments (Instruments) 
in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation and for the 
latter to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations prior to any write-down 
or conversion of the principal amount or outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as the 
Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
provided in the applicable insolvency legislation. Subordinated Notes which constitute Tier 2 instruments 
may be subject to the Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), which may be imposed 
prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Portuguese Bail-In Power Measure.
The RGICSF provides for the resolution authorities having the power to permanently write down, or convert 
into equity (common equity tier 1 instruments), capital instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such institution's group 
and before any other resolution action has been taken (the "Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure").
An investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss compared to creditors of the 
Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to the Issuer's 
unsubordinated obligations including the Ordinary Senior Notes and deposits which provide a preferential 
claim over the claim of holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes.
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior non 
preferred obligations of the Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A of Decree Law No. 199/2006, of 25 
October 2006, as amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, which 
implemented Directive 2017/2399, of 12 December 2017 ("Article 8-A")). Upon the insolvency of the 
Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of rights of the holders of any Senior Non Preferred 
Notes rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in 
the Conditions), (b) junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to any Senior 
Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, 
the claims in respect of the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and (c) senior to all present and future

--- Page 41 ---
10232074867-v29
- 33 -
70-41036336
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in 
accordance with Article 8-A.
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its obligations in 
respect of unsecured derivatives and other unsecured financial contracts and its unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt securities other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 
2019, confers a preferential claim for generally all bank deposits (including all corporate bank deposits) 
over both Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. If the Issuer were wound up, liquidated 
or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the available assets to satisfy all claims in respect of its 
unsubordinated liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors (including depositors and secured 
creditors in respect of their security) ranking ahead of holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then 
to satisfy claims of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and then the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and 
other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of 
higher ranking creditors (including depositors) in full, the claims of the Noteholders under Notes will not 
be satisfied. Noteholders will share equally in any distribution of assets available to satisfy all claims in 
respect of equal-ranking liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all 
of them.
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its liabilities under the Notes may be subject to bail-in, 
meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other securities. The sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for 
claims to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in 
the applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non Preferred Notes are Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and before any of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down or converted.
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than 
creditors of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes were to become subject to the application of the Portuguese Bail-In Power or (ii) insolvent.
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history
On 14 March 2019, Law No. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 entered into force. This legislation implements 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and 
provides for the legal recognition of unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations in 
Portugal. It also confers a preferential claim to generally all bank deposits vis-à-vis senior unsecured debt 
(including the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes). There is little trading history 
for senior non preferred securities of Portuguese financial institutions. Market participants, including credit 
rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non preferred 
securities. The credit ratings assigned to senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be 
particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit 
ratings and value of senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower 
than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, 
Noteholders may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including macroeconomic risk, liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects of Banco Montepio.
The impact of war in Ukraine on the Portuguese financial system
Russia's invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 triggered the enforcement of economic sanctions on 
Russia globally (including the European Union, United States of America and the United Kingdom) and a 
surge in various commodity prices, which have inevitably resulted in a change in the outlook for growth in 
activity and prices in most economies, albeit to different extents.

--- Page 42 ---
10232074867-v29
- 34 -
70-41036336
The scenario arising from the invasion of Ukraine has direct and indirect implications on the banking 
system. The direct effects include the impact on the deterioration of the quality of direct exposures to these 
geographies or to others interconnected with them, reinforced by international sanctions, which will also 
increase operational risk.
Banco Montepio Group's exposure to the 23 member states of the United Nations ("UN") that make up the 
Eastern Europe Regional Group, in which Russia and Ukraine are included, corresponding to loan portfolio 
exposures, is residual, totaling 0.5 million euros (0.0023 per cent. of the Group's total assets). As at 31 
December 2021, exposure to Russia and Ukraine under the same criterion, was only €0.04 million and 
€0.002 million, respectively.
With regards to the indirect implications, a conflict such as this will tend to have an unfavourable impact 
on the Banco Montepio Group's income statement due to lower activity resulting from increased uncertainty 
and higher credit risk, with potential consequences on impairment.
With regards to net interest income, the impact is dependent upon market expectations about the future of 
interest rates and the ECB's monetary policy decisions, in which the favourable effect of re-fixing loan 
portfolios indexed to EURIBOR rates may be countered by the negative consequences on default levels 
and, consequently, on loan impairment. At first, markets anticipated that the phasing out of the monetary 
policy incentives implemented by the ECB would be postponed in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
However, the decisions taken by ECB most recently have changed this assessment, and a less 
accommodative monetary policy is now more likely, given the impact of the military conflict on energy 
prices and, consequently, on inflation.
In addition, exposure to the economies most impacted by the war by some systemically relevant banking 
entities may bring about some disruptions to financial stability, and there is still considerable uncertainty 
surrounding the magnitude of such exposures and interconnections with other financial entities.
All the above factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Banco Montepio 
Group's business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects.
COVID-19 pandemic impacting global economy and markets
Coronaviruses (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more 
severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory 
Syndrome (SARS-CoV). COVID-19, reportedly first discovered in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, on 31 
December 2019, is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans.
The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on global markets has been varied, increasing short-term volatility and 
leaving investors concerned over slowing economic growth in the world economy. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, given the uncertainty of the lasting effect of the COVID-19 outbreak, the financial impact 
on the global economy cannot be determined. In the short term, the further economic impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic will depend on a number of factors, including (i) virus mutations and emergence of new strains 
of the virus which impact its severity, duration and spread, (ii) access to and delivery of vaccination 
programmes at a global level, and (iii) continuing, additional or the re-introduction of social restrictions.
In the medium to long-term, if the spread of COVID-19 is prolonged further or new strains of the virus 
(including strains against which current vaccinations are less effective) emerge, macroeconomic conditions 
may continue to be adversely affected, leading to further economic downturns in the markets in which the 
Issuer operates and in the global economy more broadly (and such downturns could be widespread, severe 
and lasting). The ability of the Issuer's customers and third-party providers to comply with their continuing 
obligations, including to the Issuer's, may also be materially adversely affected.
The actions taken by governments and other relevant authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
including the imposition of quarantine, stay at home or mandatory business closures may reduce the ability 
of the Issuer and its clients to carry out their work. This may, either directly or indirectly, have an impact 
on the Issuer, its clients, investors and credit markets which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. For more information, please 
refer to the risk factor headed "The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future 
outbreaks" and the section headed "The Portuguese Economy".

--- Page 43 ---
10232074867-v29
- 35 -
70-41036336
Although COVID-19 is still spreading and the final implications of this pandemic remain difficult to 
estimate, it will have significant consequences and will have a substantial worldwide negative effect. As 
such, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effects of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks, given the likeliness of a substantial negative effect on 
Portugal and the Portuguese economy.
The impact of the financial and credit crisis
The capital and credit markets have experienced several periods of volatility and disruption, since 2008. 
The market dislocations have led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing 
widespread liquidation of assets and further constraining the credit markets. These asset sales, along with 
asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, have driven down prices and 
valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on 
the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on the balance sheet of Banco Montepio, and 
reduces its ability to sell assets at prices deemed acceptable.
If current levels of market volatility worsen significantly, Banco Montepio's ability to access the capital 
markets and obtain the necessary funding to support its business activities on acceptable terms may be 
adversely affected. Among other things, an inability to refinance assets on the balance sheet or maintain 
appropriate levels of capital to protect against deteriorations in their value could force Banco Montepio to 
liquidate assets held at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms.
These factors could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results, 
operations or prospects of Banco Montepio.
United Kingdom's Exit from the European Union
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020. 
Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 
have ceased to apply to the UK.
The Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 24 January 2020 provided the UK 
with a transitional period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK was bound by EU rules despite 
not being a member state thereof and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the UK's 
relationship with the EU were being negotiated. On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed on the 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the 
principles of the relationship between the EU and the UK following the end of the transitional period. The 
European Parliament ratified the Trade and Cooperation Agreement on 28 April 2021. According to the 
European Commission, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement "sets out preferential arrangements in areas 
such as trade in goods and in services, digital trade, intellectual property, public procurement, aviation and 
road transport, energy, fisheries, social security coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in 
criminal matters, thematic cooperation and participation in Union programmes". However, the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement does not cover financial services, other than through a general undertaking to 
ensure the implementation and application of internationally agreed standards in the financial services 
sector for regulation and supervision, leaving the decisions of "equivalence" and "adequacy" to be 
determined by each side unilaterally in due course. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does provide 
for potential future agreements to supplement the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and to cover further 
issues including financial services. There is, however, no guarantee that such equivalence decisions will be 
issued by the EU or the UK in the future, or that any extensions or renewals of temporary equivalence 
decisions or similar transitional arrangements will be made by the EU or the UK in the future.
Given the above, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement has removed some degree of uncertainty and 
downside risk for the Portuguese economy. Nonetheless, this free trade agreement involves far weaker ties 
between the EU and the UK compared to the Single Market and Customs Union. There remains a risk that 
Brexit could negatively impact the Issuer's performance or operations, though such risks are lower than the 
time prior to the Trade and Cooperation Agreement being reached. Trade in both goods and services 
between the EU and the UK is no longer frictionless and will be more costly.
The Portuguese economy could be adversely affected given the importance of the UK as an export market 
and as a source of tourism. Given the current uncertainties there can be no assurance that the Issuer's

--- Page 44 ---
10232074867-v29
- 36 -
70-41036336
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects will not be affected by market 
developments, notably the depreciation of the exchange rate of GBP against the euro and higher financial 
market volatility in general due to increased uncertainty surrounding the aforementioned factors. 
Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the matters described above would not adversely affect the 
rights of the Noteholders, the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes.
Any of these effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, results, operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could negatively impact the value of 
the Notes.
Economic activity in Portugal
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by 
the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer's financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal's international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding implemented political 
measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition and on the results of its 
operations.
A weaker international economic outlook, together with high geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
pose additional challenges to the stability of the global financial system and to the Portuguese economy. 
The uncertainty and risks associated with the world economy's growth have increased in recent months, in 
particular, due to international trade tensions (e.g. US and China; US and EU), the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the Russia-Ukraine geopolitical conflict and rising inflation (such as in the UK and the US). Besides, a 
sharper slowdown in China's economic activity (despite higher-than-estimated developments in early 2019) 
and the still high sensitivity of some emerging markets to changes in risk premia may accentuate downside 
risks to global economic activity. For more information, please refer to the risk factor headed "COVID-19 
pandemic impacting global economy and markets".
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact on (i) the Issuer's cost of funding and its ability to issue Notes under the 
Programme; (ii) the yield of Portuguese Government bonds, impacting the capital position of the Issuer; 
and (iii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on the business of the 
Issuer.
The Issuer's business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by 
economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of borrowing are heavily 
dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the Portuguese economy and 
market interest rates.
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation is still unfolding, and private and public debt levels remain 
high. It is still unclear whether the Portuguese economy will continue to recover in a sustainable way, 
particularly through an increase in public and private investment.
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, and may adversely affect its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results, operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic 
conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and 
the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and 
services that the Issuer has to offer. In particular, limited growth in customer loans is expected in the coming 
years, which may make it difficult for the Issuer to generate enough interest income to maintain its net 
interest margin. Additionally, an environment of extremely low or even negative interest rates is expected 
to continue, which limits the Issuer's ability to increase net interest margin and profitability, given that the 
majority of the Issuer's loan portfolio is composed of floating interest rate loans.
Furthermore, the reduction in the profitability of companies and the increase in corporate and personal 
insolvencies have had, and may continue to have, a negative influence on the ability of the Issuer's clients 
to pay back loans, and, consequently, could cause an increase in the ratio of overdue loans, reflecting a 
deterioration of the Issuer's quality of assets.

--- Page 45 ---
10232074867-v29
- 37 -
70-41036336
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of 
the Issuer.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There is no 
obligation on the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Each securities rating should be evaluated independently of any other securities rating. Any 
rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the Notes 
are subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to provide 
any credit facilities or credit enhancement for the original ratings to be restored. Any such lowering, 
withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the 
Notes.
The ratings assigned to the Notes assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest due on each 
Interest Payment Date to holders of the Notes, and the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation 
to the Notes on the Maturity Date. The ratings address only the credit risks associated with the transaction. 
However, other non-credit risks are not addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to investors. 
Due to the methodology of the main rating agencies, the Issuer's credit rating may be affected by the rating 
of Portugal's sovereign debt. If Portugal's sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer's credit rating may also 
likely be downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the negative economic impact which may be 
caused by events such as certain meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fires, war or military conflicts, 
or widespread health crises (such as COVID-19) or the fear of such crises may result in downgrades to the 
ratings assigned to the Notes.
If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.
Legal considerations may restrict certain investments
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 46 ---
10232074867-v29
- 38 -
70-41036336
Relationship with the Dealers
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
Any of the aforementioned positions or actions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes 
issued under the Programme.
Appointment of a Dealer as Calculation Agent
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:
Credit Rating Agency Regulation requirements
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restrictions 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 47 ---
10232074867-v29
- 39 -
70-41036336
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.
Modification and waiver
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Instrument contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders (and by acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders), to make any modification to the provisions of the Conditions 
or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or (iv) is to comply with mandatory 
provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by English law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions relating to the 
form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the 
Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese 
law, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Portuguese law or administrative practice in 
either of those jurisdictions after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include 
changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse 
effect on an investment in the Notes.
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see 
further "Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution" above). The impact on investors, in a resolution 
scenario, depends crucially on the rank of the liability in the resolution creditor hierarchy. In the event of 
resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced to zero or the Notes may be 
converted into ordinary shares of the Issuer or other instruments of ownership; (ii) a transfer of assets (e.g. 
to a bridge bank) or a sale of business may limit the capacity of the Issuer to meet its repayment obligations; 
and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can be altered and the payments 
may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied no shareholder or creditor of 
the institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have losses greater than it would have 
if the institution had entered into liquidation. Noteholders may have a right to compensation if the treatment 
they receive in resolution is less favourable than the treatment they would have received under normal 
liquidation proceedings ("no creditor worse off"). This assessment must be based on an independent 
valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as well as payment of any potential consideration, 
may be delayed and occur considerably later than contractual payment dates.

--- Page 48 ---
10232074867-v29
- 40 -
70-41036336
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, including the write-down 
or conversion (in whole or in part) of their Notes. Any such actions or the perceived likelihood of any such 
actions being taken may adversely impact the price or value of their investment in the Notes.
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders' details
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants and the 
clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective beneficiary of 
the Notes (the "beneficial owner") of the information referred to in "Risks related to withholding tax" 
above required to comply with the procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 
7 November (as amended). Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended), the obligation 
of collecting from the beneficiaries proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of 
the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras 
directas), the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. Details of those 
procedures are set out in "Taxation – Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005)". 
Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and 
regulations, further clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, 
and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa. 
Beneficiaries must comply with such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of any 
withholding, if applicable. Beneficiaries must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefor.
Reliance upon Interbolsa procedures
Investments in Notes will be subject to Interbolsa procedures and Portuguese law with respect to the 
following:
(a)
Form and Transfer of the Notes
Notes held through accounts of affiliate members of Interbolsa will be represented in 
dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and are registered Notes (nominativas).
Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will 
be held in control accounts by the affiliate members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant holders. 
Such control accounts will reflect at all times the aggregate number of Notes held in the individual 
securities accounts opened by the clients of the affiliate members of Interbolsa (which may include 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, thus becoming indirect Participants in Interbolsa). The 
transfer of Notes and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa.
(b)
Payments on Notes
All payments on Notes (including without limitation the payment of accrued interest and/or 
principal) will be (i) made by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) transferred, in accordance with the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the account held by the Agent with Banco de 
Portugal to the accounts of the affiliate members of Interbolsa who hold control accounts on behalf 
of the Noteholders and, thereafter, (iii) transferred by the affiliate members of Interbolsa from their 
accounts to the accounts of their clients (which may include Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg).
The Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. 
The records relating to payments made in respect of beneficial interests in the Notes are maintained 
by the affiliate members of Interbolsa and the Issuer accepts no responsibility for, and will not be 
liable in respect of, the maintenance of such records.
(c)
Risks related to withholding tax applicable on the Notes
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended, investment income paid to 
non-resident beneficial owners of Notes, and capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition 
of such Bonds, will be exempt from Portuguese income tax only if certain documentation 
requirements are duly complied with.

--- Page 49 ---
10232074867-v29
- 41 -
70-41036336
It is expected that the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras directas), the participants 
and the clearing systems will follow certain procedures to facilitate the collection from the effective 
beneficiary of the Notes (the "beneficial owner") of the information required to comply with the 
procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended). 
Under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended), the obligation of collecting from 
the beneficiaries' proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the fulfilment of the other 
requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities (entidades registadoras 
directas), the participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. Details of 
those procedures are set out in "Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005" 
as amended, under the "Taxation" chapter. Such procedures may be revised from time to time in 
accordance with applicable Portuguese laws and regulations, further clarification from the 
Portuguese tax authorities, regarding such laws and regulations, and the operational procedures of 
the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by Interbolsa, beneficiaries must comply with 
such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of any withholding tax, if 
applicable.
Failure to comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of the 
Portuguese domestic withholding tax rate (see "Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-
Law 193/2005)”) as amended. The Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such 
withholding tax in case the conditions described in detail in Taxation below are not fully met, 
including failure to deliver or incorrect filling of the certificate or declaration referred to above. 
Accordingly, beneficial owners of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply 
with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers, the agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefore.

--- Page 50 ---
10232074867-v29
- 42 -
70-41036336
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
1.
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2022 (available at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
consolidated-results-1-quarter-2022.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular:
1Q2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
Key Indicators ...........................................................................................
15
Consolidated Income Statement.................................................................
16
Consolidated Balance Sheet.......................................................................
17
2.
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2021") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2021.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
2021 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT 
REPORT
Consolidated Income Statement.................................................................
157
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..................................
158-159
Consolidated Balance Sheet.......................................................................
160
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows......................................................
161
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity...........................................
162
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements........................................
163-359
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements............................................................
590-600
3.
the annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the notes and the audit report 
thereon 
(the 
"Annual 
Report 
2020") 
(available 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/resources/SiteMontepio/documentos/en_GB/banco-montepio-
annual-report-2020.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
2020 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
AUDIT REPORT
Consolidated Income Statement .................................................................
164
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income...................................
165-166
Consolidated Balance Sheet .......................................................................
167
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows......................................................
168
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...........................................
169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ........................................
170-363
Statutory Audit Report and Auditors' Report on the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements ............................................................
595-607

--- Page 51 ---
10232074867-v29
- 43 -
70-41036336
4.
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 55-80 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 7 June 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Base Prospectus") under the heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-
financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-obrigacoes-caixa/EMTN-Base-Prospectus-
2018-06-07.pdf); and
5.
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 47-79 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 31 October 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Base Prospectus") under the heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(the 
"2019 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/iwov-resources/SitePublico/documentos/pt_PT/informacao-
financeira-montepio/funding-programes/programa-obrigacoes-caixa/base-prospectus-31-october-
2019.pdf ).
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above is 
considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the 2018 Base Prospectus or the 2019 
Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (other than (i) the 2018 Conditions 
contained on pages 55-80 (inclusive) of the 2018 Base Prospectus; and (ii) the 2019 Conditions contained 
on pages 47-79 (inclusive) of the 2019 Base Prospectus).
The financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS.
The documents listed above have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated 
by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
offices of the Issuer and the Agent and will also be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, unless they are incorporated separately elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
10232074867-v29
- 44 -
70-41036336
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted by registration in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these terms 
and conditions and by a deed poll given by Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, 
S.A. (in its capacity as issuer, the "Issuer") in favour of the Noteholders as amended and restated on 24 
June 2022 (the "Instrument"), which includes the form of the Notes referred to below. Agency terms dated 
24 June 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the 
"Issue Date"), the "Agency Terms") has been entered into in relation to the Notes by Caixa Económica 
Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. in its capacity as Issuer and in its capacity as agent (in 
such capacity, the "Agent"). Copies of the Agency Terms are available for inspection during usual business 
hours at the registered office of the Agent (presently at Rua Castilho 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, Portugal).
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Instrument, and are deemed to have notice of those provisions of the Agency Terms 
applicable to them.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered nominative 
(nominativas) form, in the Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) 
("CVM").
The Notes shall be issued in registered nominative form (nominativas), not bearer form, whether 
in definitive bearer form or otherwise.
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an affiliated member of Interbolsa 
as having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes 
recorded. One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered 
by the relevant affiliated member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon 
the request by the relevant Noteholder and in accordance with that affiliated member's procedures 
and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários).
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the individual securities account held with an 
affiliated member of Interbolsa. Any Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate 
issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder.
The Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Notes, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
10232074867-v29
- 45 -
70-41036336
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" and (in relation to a Note) "holder" means the person in whose 
name a Note is registered in the relevant individual securities account held with an affiliated 
member of Interbolsa.
2.
Status
(a)
Status of Senior Notes
The obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (together, the "Senior Notes") are direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of 
law (or otherwise), in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, such obligations rank and 
will rank:
(i)
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and
(b)
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Subordinated Notes); and
(ii)
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities;
(b)
junior to any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and to 
any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the 
insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in accordance with 
Article 8-A; and
(c)
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Subordinated Notes) in 
accordance with Article 8-A.
(b)
Status of Subordinated Notes
The Subordinated Notes are direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer subordinated 
as provided below and such obligations rank and will rank pari passu among themselves.
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of 
payments pursuant to the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the bankruptcy or 
winding up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) be subordinated in 
right of payment in the manner provided in this Condition 2(b) and the Instrument, to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer but shall rank (a) at least pari passu with the 
claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and all obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith 
and (b) in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (1) all share capital of the 
Issuer, (2) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, and (3) all 
other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
10232074867-v29
- 46 -
70-41036336
For the purposes of these Conditions:
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements 
for eligible liabilities, resolution and/or solvency then in effect in Portugal and applicable 
to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the 
BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy, minimum requirements for eligible liabilities, resolution 
and/or solvency in each case to the extent then in effect of the Competent Authority and/or 
any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the 
institutions of the European Union (including, for the avoidance of doubt the CRD 
Regulation);
"Article 8-A" means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as 
amended or superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017);
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (including by 
BRRD II);
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998, as the same 
may be amended or superseded from time to time;
"Competent Authority" means Banco de Portugal, the European Central Bank or such 
other or successor authority (whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having primary 
responsibility for prudential supervision, resolution matters and/or empowered by national 
law to supervise the Issuer as part of the supervisory system in operation in Portugal (and 
which may be the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) where the context so 
requires);
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures;
"CRD Directive" means Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2006 and 2006/49/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2006, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Directive);
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, 
which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated 
basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a 
consolidated basis);
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2019/878 (EU) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies,

--- Page 55 ---
10232074867-v29
- 47 -
70-41036336
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the CRD, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time;
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, including by CRR 
II);
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRR, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as the 
same may be amended or superseded from time to time;
"Senior Creditors" means (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof 
in the winding-up of the Issuer and who are depositors and/or other unsubordinated 
creditors (credores comuns) of the Issuer (including, without limitation, holders of Senior 
Notes) and (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated 
to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims relate to 
obligations which constitute, or would, but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital, constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, or whose claims 
otherwise rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders 
of the Subordinated Notes);
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations of the Issuer under any 
Ordinary Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer other than Senior Non Preferred Liabilities;
"Senior Non Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non 
preferred obligations of the Issuer under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non Preferred 
Notes) and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent 
permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred Notes; and
"Tier 1 Capital" and "Tier 2 Capital" each have the respective meanings given to such 
terms by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time.
(c)
Waiver of Set-Off
This Condition 2(c) applies to: (i) Subordinated Notes; (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
and (iii) Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-Off" is 
expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms for such Ordinary 
Senior Notes.
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a relevant Note may at any time exercise or claim 
any right of set-off, netting or compensation in respect of any amount owed by it to the 
Issuer arising out of or in connection with the relevant Notes and each holder of such Note 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off or netting.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of a 
relevant Note by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the relevant 
Notes are discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately 
pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its 
winding-up or administration, the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer) 
and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in 
trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or, as appropriate, administrator of the Issuer (as the 
case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 56 ---
10232074867-v29
- 48 -
70-41036336
3.
Negative Pledge in relation to certain of the Ordinary Senior Notes
(a)
Restriction
This Condition 3(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless "Ordinary Senior Notes: 
Negative Pledge" is expressly specified to be "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
for such Ordinary Senior Notes.
So long as any of the Ordinary Senior Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Instrument) neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) shall 
create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest ("Security") upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or 
any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same 
time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Ordinary Senior Notes (A) are 
secured equally and rateably therewith in the same manner or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (B) have the 
benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Ordinary Senior Noteholders.
(b)
Relevant Indebtedness
For the purposes of this Condition, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future 
(actual or contingent) indebtedness for money borrowed or raised in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates or other 
instruments that are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange, or other securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter 
market) (other than an issue which is placed in Portugal in an amount greater than 50 per 
cent. of its aggregate principal amount). For the avoidance of doubt, "indebtedness for 
money borrowed or raised", for the purpose of this definition, does not include 
preference shares or any other equity securities or Covered Bonds (as defined below).
"Covered Bonds" means any mortgage-backed bonds and/or covered bonds or notes 
(Obrigações Cobertas) issued by the Issuer, the obligations of which benefit from a special 
creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) as a result of them being collateralised 
by a defined pool of assets comprised of mortgage loans or other loans permitted by 
applicable Portuguese legislation to be included in the pool of assets and where the 
requirements for that collateralisation are regulated by applicable Portuguese legislation, 
in particular, Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May.
4.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(g).
(b)
Interest on Reset Notes
(i)
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates
Each Reset Note bears interest:
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable

--- Page 57 ---
10232074867-v29
- 49 -
70-41036336
Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on which interest is payable in each year (each, an "Interest Payment 
Date") and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of 
Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with 
the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4(g) and, for such 
purposes, references in Condition 4(a) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to 
be to "Reset Notes" and Condition 4(a) shall be construed accordingly.
(ii)
Fallbacks
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to 
Condition 4(j), the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Mid-Swap 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question.
If two or more of the Mid-Swap Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent and with such sum converted as 
described in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable).
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Mid-Swap Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, an amount set out in the relevant Final 
Terms as the "First Reset Period Fallback".
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii), "Mid-Swap Reference Banks" means 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute.
(iii)
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Agent and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (where

--- Page 58 ---
10232074867-v29
- 50 -
70-41036336
a "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) 
thereafter. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any reset Rate of 
Interest and relevant Interest Amount(s) no later than the first day of each Reset 
Period.
(iv)
Determination or Calculation
If for any reason the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the 
First Reset Rate of Interest, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest or to calculate 
any Interest Amount in accordance with this Condition 4(b), the Issuer (or an 
agent appointed by it on its behalf) shall determine the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) at such rate as, in its 
absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4 and to any terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer (or its agent) shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent.
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either specified in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls 
the number of months or other period specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, or (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, subject to Condition 4(j), the provisions below relating to either ISDA

--- Page 59 ---
10232074867-v29
- 51 -
70-41036336
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation 
Agent", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Option", 
"Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations (rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)),
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(and references in this Condition 4(c)(iii)(B) to "Calculation 
Agent" shall be construed accordingly).
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such

--- Page 60 ---
10232074867-v29
- 52 -
70-41036336
Notes will be determined as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
(y)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant

--- Page 61 ---
10232074867-v29
- 53 -
70-41036336
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as 
if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and 
(b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity.
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
5(b)(i)(B)).
(e)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7).
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(g)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is

--- Page 62 ---
10232074867-v29
- 54 -
70-41036336
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated.
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
Rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined 
prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations 
and quotations given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
Conditions 4(b) and 4(c) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and all Noteholders and (in the absence of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to the 
Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions.
(i)
Determination or Calculation
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall do 
so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation 
shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Issuer shall 
apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it shall 
do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances.

--- Page 63 ---
10232074867-v29
- 55 -
70-41036336
(j)
Benchmark Discontinuation
(i)
Independent Adviser
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 4(b) and 4(c), if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable and at its own cost 
(provided that, in the case of Reset Notes, such appointment need not be made 
earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
to be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)), to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4(j)(iv)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 4(j)(v) and 4(j)(vi)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4(j)(i) shall be required to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(j)(i).
(ii)
Issuer Determination
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (b) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4(j)(i) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may itself determine (but shall not be obliged to determine) (i) a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this Condition 
4(j) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(j) applying mutatis mutandis 
to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation with 
an Independent Adviser). In the event the Issuer decides to make a determination 
in accordance with this Condition 4(j), without prejudice to the definitions hereof, 
for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer shall take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market 
usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in 
the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets.
(iii)
Issuer's failure to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate, or otherwise decides not to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 4(j), the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, respectively. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, First Margin, Subsequent 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, the Margin, First 
Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin, First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period only

--- Page 64 ---
10232074867-v29
- 56 -
70-41036336
and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 4(j)(i).
(iv)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4(j)).
(v)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread.
(vi)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) 
and the Independent Adviser (or Issuer, as the case may be) determines (a) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(if any) (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (b) the terms 
of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4(j)(vii), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(vi), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes:
(A)
in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital; and/or
(B)
in the case of Senior Notes, as MREL-Eligible Instruments for the 
purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations,
or, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Competent Authority treating a future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the

--- Page 65 ---
10232074867-v29
- 57 -
70-41036336
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as MREL-
Eligible Instruments of the Issuer.
(vii)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) (subject to Condition 
4(j)(v) above) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any).
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.
(viii)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(j), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b)(ii) or 4(c), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
(k)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied)

--- Page 66 ---
10232074867-v29
- 58 -
70-41036336
(iii)
the Independent Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be)
(iv)
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser (failing which, the Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(vi).
"Benchmark Event" means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or
(v)
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; or
(vi)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used,
provided that in the case of (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement.
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day"); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign

--- Page 67 ---
10232074867-v29
- 59 -
70-41036336
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Business Centres.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(i)
 if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365
(iii)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360
(iv)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – 𝑌1)] +  [30 x (M2 – M1)] +  (D2 – D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(v)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] +  [30 x (M2 – M1)] +  (D2 – D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 68 ---
10232074867-v29
- 60 -
70-41036336
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30
(vi)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] +  [30 x (M2 – M1)] +  (D2 – D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and

--- Page 69 ---
10232074867-v29
- 61 -
70-41036336
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year where:
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date.
"EURIBOR" means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money 
Markets Institute.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended from time to time.
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date.
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iv) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes 
during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent).
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 4(j)(i).
"Fixed Leg Frequency" means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
"Interest Amount" means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
10232074867-v29
- 62 -
70-41036336
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
British Pound Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither British Pound Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro.
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended, supplemented and/or updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) 
Condition 4(j), for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Floating Leg Frequency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent).
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as set out in the Final Terms 
and to Condition 4(j), if applicable, EURIBOR.
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), either:
(i)
 if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
 with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and
(B)
 commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
 if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:

--- Page 71 ---
10232074867-v29
- 63 -
70-41036336
(A)
 with a term equal to the relevant Swap Rate Period (if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and
(B)
 commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes.
"Rate of Interest" means, in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable, and in any 
other case, the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
(i)
 the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory bodies or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof.
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information.
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in accordance with Condition 4(a) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest 
Payment Date.
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, 
the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent 
Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such 
Subsequent Reset Period.
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be.
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
10232074867-v29
- 64 -
70-41036336
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date (or to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, if there is no succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date).
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) and (if applicable) Condition 4(j), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum 
converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Frequency to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
relevant Notes during the Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the 
Calculation Agent)).
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007 or any successor thereto.
(l)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Instrument). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid.
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Senior Note or Subordinated Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which 
is its nominal amount). Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
intended by the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations will have an original maturity of at least one year 
or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. Subordinated Notes will have a 
minimum maturity of at least five years or as otherwise permitted or required in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. For the

--- Page 73 ---
10232074867-v29
- 65 -
70-41036336
avoidance of doubt, no payments of principal under the Notes will be made in 
instalments.
(b)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index 
and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such subparagraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. In 
the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption is also subject to the 
provisions of Condition 2(b) and Condition 5(k). The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(e).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount (together with any accrued interest).
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(k), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
described under Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein

--- Page 74 ---
10232074867-v29
- 66 -
70-41036336
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.
(d)
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5(c), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c). Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall 
be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the 
date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of Subordinated Notes, such redemption cannot occur earlier than five years 
from the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes and its exercise is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(k).
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
information required for compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements.
(e)
Redemption due to a Capital Event
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
(but subject to Condition 5(k)) at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued (but 
unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption) if, at any time, the Issuer determines that a Capital 
Event has occurred.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Competent Authority that all or any part of the Notes are not eligible for inclusion in the 
Tier 2 capital of the Issuer or the Group pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to 
the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be). For the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation 
of the Notes pursuant to the CRR shall not constitute a Capital Event; and
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
(f)
Redemption due to an MREL Event
If, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms only, following the MREL Requirement Date, an MREL Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may at its option, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in

--- Page 75 ---
10232074867-v29
- 67 -
70-41036336
accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes. The Issuer 
shall redeem the relevant Notes on the date specified for redemption in such notice.
Notes redeemed early pursuant to this Condition 5(f) will be redeemed at their early 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event)") (which shall be 
the principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event) as may be 
specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for 
credit institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as 
transposed in Portugal), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016, supplementing the BRRD, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Portugal;
"MREL Event" means, if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, or in the application or official interpretation thereof, in any case 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, that at any time, on or following the MREL 
Requirement Date, all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or the Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes - MREL 
Event" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms does not fully qualify 
or ceases to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except 
where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant 
Notes being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible Instruments by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought 
back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy-back of the relevant Notes which is funded by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes - MREL Event" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in connection 
to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount of such 
Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL- Eligible Instruments of 
the Issuer and/or the Group;
"MREL-Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that complies with the MREL 
Requirements;
"MREL Requirement Date" means the date from which the Issuer and/or the Group is 
obliged to meet any MREL Requirements; and
"MREL Requirements" means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders
If, in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only, Put Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of 
such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deliver a notice to the Agent in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Interbolsa stating the principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") to the specified office of the Agent at 
any time within the notice period during normal business hours of the Agent. In the Put 
Notice the relevant Noteholder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 5.

--- Page 76 ---
10232074867-v29
- 68 -
70-41036336
(h)
Purchases
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (but subject to Condition 5(k) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended by 
the Issuer to be MREL-Eligible Instruments) may purchase Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, or the relevant Subsidiary cancelled.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in accordance with the 
applicable regulations of Interbolsa. All Notes so cancelled shall not be capable of being 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged upon cancellation thereof.
(j)
Substitution and Variation of Notes
If (i) "Capital Event – Substitution and Variation" or "MREL Event – Substitution and 
Variation", as the case may be, is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Issuer is satisfied that a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 5(e)) or, as the case 
may be, an MREL Event (as defined in Condition 5(f)), has occurred and is continuing, or 
(ii) if required to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, the Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(k) and the notice requirements below but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Agent, either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant 
Notes such that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Securities. Upon the 
expiry of the notice required by this Condition 5(j), the Issuer shall either vary the terms 
of, or substitute, the relevant Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(j), as the case may 
be and, subject as set out below, the Agent shall agree to such substitution or variation.
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) is subject to the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders and the 
Agent in accordance with Condition 12, which notice shall be irrevocable.
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) shall not give the 
Issuer an option to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions.
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j):
"Compliant Securities" means securities that:
(a)
 are issued by the Issuer;
(b)
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes;
(c)
save in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15, have terms 
not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international standing), provided that such securities:
(1)
contain terms such that they qualify as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible 
Instruments, as the case may be; and
(2)
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder's 
perspective, more favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest 
Payment Dates, Maturity Date and Early Redemption Amount(s) as 
apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Notes immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation; and

--- Page 77 ---
10232074867-v29
- 69 -
70-41036336
(3)
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued 
interest, principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and
(4)
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral 
of payments of principal and/or interest; and
(5)
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write 
down, write-off or conversion to ordinary shares, other than through the 
application of statutory powers pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and
(6)
do not contain terms such that redemption pursuant to any one or more 
of Conditions 5(c), 5(e) or 5(f) could occur upon, or be foreseeable as a 
result of, such substitution or variation;
(d)
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) 
such other EEA regulated market as selected by the Issuer; and
(e)
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their 
substitution or variation (a "Published Rating") each such Rating Agency has 
ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, (i) an equal or higher Published 
Rating to the relevant Notes as substituted or varied or (ii) where the Published 
Rating was, as a result of Condition 15 becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the Published 
Rating immediately prior to such amendment.
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investor Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective successors.
(k)
Pre-conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Notes
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f), 5(g), 5(h) and 5(j) is subject to:
(i)
the Issuer having obtained the Competent Authority's prior consent or permission 
if and to the extent required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time;
(ii)
the Issuer having complied with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time;
(iii)
in the case of early redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) only, before 
the publication of any notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment;
(iv)
in the case of the early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
5(c) only, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that (a) the change in the applicable tax treatment is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the 
Notes and (b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; and
(v)
in the case of early redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 5(e) 
only, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent

--- Page 78 ---
10232074867-v29
- 70 -
70-41036336
Authority that (a) the circumstances giving rise to a Capital Event were not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes and (b) the change in the applicable regulatory classification 
is sufficiently certain.
6.
Payments
(a)
Payments of Principal and Interest
Payments in respect of Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the 
Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in the 
relevant currency, details of which appear in the records of the relevant affiliated member 
of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment Business Day (as defined below) 
before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest.
"Payment Business Day" means a day which (subject to Condition 8):
(a)
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest; and
(b)
is a TARGET Business Day.
(b)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, all payments are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment 
or other laws to which the Issuer or its agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not 
be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, 
regulations, directives or agreements and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7), or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(c)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require and (iii) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
(d)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in Portugal, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the applicable Final Terms and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 79 ---
10232074867-v29
- 71 -
70-41036336
7.
Taxation
(a)
Withholding
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall (subject to the conditions and limitations set out below) be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
Payments of interest and other types of remuneration on the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed or levied by the Portuguese 
Republic where the relevant proof of non-residence status has been provided by the 
Noteholders to the direct registration entities prior to the Relevant Date.
In the event that any withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax is required by law, the Issuer shall pay in respect of payments of principal 
and interest in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes (with characteristics such that they are 
not capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance), and interest only 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
(with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as MREL-Eligible 
Instruments upon issuance) such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them (in respect of payments 
of interest only, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes with characteristics such that they are capable of qualifying as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments upon issuance) had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note:
(i)
Other connection
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of it 
having some connection with Portugal other than the mere holding of the Note; 
or
(ii)
Lawful avoidance of withholding
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes in respect 
of whom the information (which may include certificates) required in order to 
comply with Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 (as amended), and 
any implementing legislation, is not received; or (B) to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes (i) in respect of whom the information 
and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any 
applicable tax treaty is not received before the Relevant Date, and (ii) who is 
resident in one of the states which is party to any such applicable tax treaty; or 
(C) to, or to a third party on behalf of, the beneficial owner of the Notes resident 
in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime as 
defined in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as 
amended or superseded from time to time), with the exception of central banks 
and governmental agencies, international bodies recognised by Portugal or 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax 
treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or (D) to, or to 
a third party on behalf of (i) an effective beneficiary of the Notes who is a 
Portuguese resident subject to Portuguese corporation tax with the exception of 
entities that benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese 
income tax exemptions, or (ii) a legal entity not resident in Portugal acting in 
respect of the holding of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Portugal 
except whenever it benefits from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver; or

--- Page 80 ---
10232074867-v29
- 72 -
70-41036336
(iii)
Undisclosed beneficial owners
presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial 
owners where such beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment 
and such disclosure is required by law.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, 
a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding.
(b)
Definitions
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall 
be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5, 
(ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 4 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
8.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within twenty years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
9.
Events of Default
(a)
Ordinary Senior Notes
This Condition 9(a) applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless the relevant Final Terms 
expressly specify Condition 9(a) as being "Not Applicable".
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes to which this Condition 9(a) applies, if any of the 
following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, any Noteholder may 
give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:
(i)
Non-Payment
Default is made for more than 10 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in 
respect of any of the Notes; or
(ii)
Breach of Other Obligations
The Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in the Notes or the Instrument and such default is incapable of remedy

--- Page 81 ---
10232074867-v29
- 73 -
70-41036336
or is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall have 
been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder; or
(iii)
Cross-Default
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may 
be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, 
provided that the amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and/or 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
paragraph (iii) have occurred, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or, if greater, 
an amount equal to 1 per cent. of the Issuer's total equity; or
(iv)
Enforcement Proceedings
One or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is rendered 
against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or a distress, attachment, execution or 
other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the 
property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and in any of 
the above cases, is not discharged or stayed within 60 days or, if later, the date 
specified therein for payment; or
(v)
Security Enforced
Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes enforceable 
and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or
(vi)
Insolvency
Any of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is (or is, or could be, deemed by 
law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, (ii) stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts or (iii) proposes or makes a general assignment 
or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors 
in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of 
or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries; or
(vii)
Winding-up
An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration 
order in respect of itself or ceases or through an official action of its board of 
directors threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Instrument) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in 
the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or

--- Page 82 ---
10232074867-v29
- 74 -
70-41036336
(viii)
Authorisation and Consents
Any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, 
recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in 
order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform 
and comply with its obligations under the Notes and the Instrument, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make 
the Notes and the Instrument admissible in evidence in the courts of Portugal, is 
not taken, fulfilled or done; or
(ix)
Illegality
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Notes or Instrument; or
(x)
Analogous Events
Any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs provided 
that except in the case of paragraphs (i) and (vii) such event is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
For the purpose of these Conditions:
"Subsidiary" means any entity of which the Issuer has control and "control" for 
the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued and/or voting share capital or the right to 
direct the management and policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of 
share capital, contract or otherwise. A certificate by any two authorised officers 
of the Issuer listing the entities that are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.
(b)
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes
This Condition 9(b) only applies if the Note is (i) a Senior Non Preferred Note, (ii) a 
Subordinated Note or (iii) an Ordinary Senior Note where the applicable Final Terms 
expressly specify Condition 9(a) as being "Not Applicable" and references in this 
Condition 9(b) to Notes shall be construed accordingly.
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur:
(i)
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the 
Issuer or the Issuer institutes such proceedings or suspends payments or makes a 
general arrangement for the benefit of its creditors; or
(ii)
if otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders an order 
is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up of the Issuer,
any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer that the relevant Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Noteholder may give notice that the Notes shall become immediately due and payable 
other than in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the Issuer 
shall not be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than such sum or sums would otherwise 
have been payable by it (other than as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above).
Without prejudice to Conditions 9(b)(i) and 9(b)(ii) above, if the Issuer breaches any of 
its obligations under the Instrument or the relevant Notes (other than any payment 
obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Instrument or such Notes, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Notes and any

--- Page 83 ---
10232074867-v29
- 75 -
70-41036336
damages awarded for breach of any obligations), then any Noteholder may bring such 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question provided that the 
Issuer shall not, as a result of the bringing of any such proceeding, be obliged to pay any 
sum sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. However, nothing in 
this Condition 9(b) shall prevent any Noteholder instituting proceedings for the winding-
up of the Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of the Issuer in respect of any payment 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Subordinated Notes or the Instrument (including 
any damages awarded for breach of any such obligation), subject to a grace period of 10 
days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal).For the purpose of this 
Condition 9(b) only, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes prior to maturity with the 
prior consent or approval of the Competent Authority (if and to the extent such prior 
consent is required by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time).
10.
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Instrument) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any 
provisions of the Instrument. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding 
not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount 
of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of 
interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or 
rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, 
(v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of 
calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment 
or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per 
cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed).
(b)
Modification
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by 
acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders), to make any modification to the provisions of the Conditions 
or the Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or 
(iv) is to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable.
(c)
Compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations
The Issuer shall comply with Applicable Banking Regulations in connection with any 
modification or proposed modification of these Conditions.

--- Page 84 ---
10232074867-v29
- 76 -
70-41036336
11.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon 
such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions 
to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to 
this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.
12.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid (i) if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times); or (ii) so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above.
The Issuer shall also comply with Portuguese law in respect of Notices.
13.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
14.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes and the Instrument and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law, save that Conditions 2 and 15 and the provisions relating to the form (representação 
formal) and transfer of the Notes, creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa 
procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes, and Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 12 of the 
Instrument, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.
(c)
Service of Process
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Hackwood Secretaries Limited at its offices 
presently located at One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ as its agent in England to receive, 
for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.
15.
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the 
Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 15 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees:

--- Page 85 ---
10232074867-v29
- 77 -
70-41036336
(i)
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; or
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; or
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to, the exercise of the Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power if and to the extent that such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, suspended (for so long as such suspension or moratorium is outstanding), 
amended or altered as a result of such exercise.
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in 
this Condition 15.
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes shall not constitute a default or an event of default for any purpose and the Conditions 
of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding 
amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification 
of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including the RGICSF and the SRM Regulation, relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or the Issuer and/or the Group incorporated in Portugal.
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to any 
relevant laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Portuguese Republic is not 
dependent on the application of this Condition 15.
In these Conditions:
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and any 
additional amounts referred to in Condition 7, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will 
include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of 
the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
"RGICSF" means the "Regime Geral das Instituições de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras" approved by 
Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended or superseded from time to time, laying down the 
Portuguese legal regime governing certain aspects of incorporation, organisation and operation of credit 
institutions, financial companies and investment firms;

--- Page 86 ---
10232074867-v29
- 78 -
70-41036336
"Loss Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, Law No. 23-A/2015 of 26 March 2015, which amended the 
RGICSF), (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of certain entities as set out in such law, regulation, rules or requirements 
can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations;
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power from time to time; and
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to 
time.

--- Page 87 ---
10232074867-v29
- 79 -
70-41036336
FORM OF THE NOTES
General
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected 
securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, 
and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. 
Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, Banco de Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, 
all participate in such centralised system.
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Notes.
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
consumers in accordance with its individual securities accounts.
Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") 
code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Under the procedures of Interbolsa's settlement system, settlement takes place on the third business day 
after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place at Banco de Portugal (or 
at Caixa Geral de Depósitos, if denominated in currencies other than euro) on the settlement date.
Form of the Notes
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form (escriturais) and title to the Notes will be evidenced 
by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable 
Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the "CMVM" – the Portuguese Securities Authority) and 
Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes held through 
Interbolsa.
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa 
and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the holders of the Notes. 
Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Notes held in the individual securities accounts 
opened by the holders of the Notes with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression "Interbolsa 
Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa 
on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Each person shown in the individual securities account held with an Interbolsa Participant as having an 
interest in Notes shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein.
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa
Whilst the Notes are held through Interbolsa, (I) payment of principal and interest in euros in respect of the 
Notes will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant paying 
agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts held in the payment system of Banco 
de Portugal by the Interbolsa Participants whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such 
Notes and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be; (II) payment of principal and interest in currencies other than euros in respect of the Notes will be 
(a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by 
Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant paying agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System 
(Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the 
relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa Participants, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa 
Participants from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the

--- Page 88 ---
10232074867-v29
- 80 -
70-41036336
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Transfer of Notes held through Interbolsa
Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. 
No owner of a Note will be able to transfer such Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the 
applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 89 ---
10232074867-v29
- 81 -
70-41036336
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
10232074867-v29
- 82 -
70-41036336
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Introduction to Banco Montepio
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A. ("Banco Montepio" or the "Issuer") 
was created on 24 March 1844 for an indefinite period and as at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio had 
a total share capital of €2,420,000,000, the majority of which (99.99 per cent.) is owned by its founder 
Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista ("MGAM"). Banco Montepio, together with its subsidiaries, are 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Banco Montepio Group". MGAM and its subsidiaries are together 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as "MGAM Group".
On 14 September 2017, the Issuer completed a change in its legal status from a savings bank affiliated 
(caixa económica anexa) to MGAM into a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) 
incorporated as a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima), under the supervision of Banco de 
Portugal.
MGAM is a private institution of social support (i.e. a mutual benefits association) whose principal 
purposes are to promote and develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its 
601,606 mutual members (as at 31 December 2021), their families and other beneficiaries nominated by 
them. The welfare schemes MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement benefits, disability 
benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study schemes and 
other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes. It also has co-operation 
agreements with a variety of organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation 
of members' social functions, publication of a members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and 
social events and the awarding of prizes and scholarships.
Banco Montepio is a credit institution, authorised to operate as a full service savings bank (caixa económica 
bancária) to pursue all the businesses permitted to banks in Portugal. As at 30 June 2021, it ranked seventh 
in the Portuguese banking system on the basis of total net assets (source: Associação Portuguesa de 
Bancos).
On 20 February 2019, the Issuer changed its brand name to "Banco Montepio" but its legal name remains 
the same (Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.). The Banco Montepio brand 
represents an evolution of the identity of the Issuer and reflects its new vision: an independent Portuguese 
bank which is focused on Portuguese families, corporates and social institutions (such as cooperatives, 
mutual societies, associations and foundations carrying out a set of business and economic activities, within 
the private sphere, in order to promote general economic and/or social interests). By changing its brand 
name, the Issuer has sought to clarify to both the general public and its clients the distinction between Banco 
Montepio and MGAM, its main shareholder. In addition to the change of the brand name, Banco Montepio 
also changed its commercial logo and brand colours.
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Articles of Association and with the provisions of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais). MGAM, as the majority holder of the 
Issuer's share capital (99.99 per cent.) is the majority holder of voting rights in Banco Montepio and its 
rights are governed by and subject to Banco Montepio's Articles of Association and Portuguese law.
Banco Montepio is integrated in the Banco Montepio Group, of which MGAM has a 99.99 per cent. 
holding. Banco Montepio holds shares in a series of institutions, as shown in the Banco Montepio Group 
structure chart below. These entities complement Banco Montepio's financial products and services and 
contribute via their earnings to the creation of value for its shareholders (primarily MGAM) and, as well as 
promoting high ethical standards and principles of social sustainability. Collectively, these entities not only 
offer a broad and diversified range of banking and financial products and services, but also contribute with 
their earnings to the shareholders' social and welfare-related goals.

--- Page 91 ---
10232074867-v29
- 83 -
70-41036336
Banco Montepio Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus:
In addition to Banco Montepio, the Banco Montepio Group comprises the following two domestic entities: 
Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. and Montepio Investimento, S.A. ("Banco 
Bem"). Each of these companies are wholly owned by Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. ("Montepio 
Holding") (previously Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A.) which itself is fully owned by Banco Montepio. 
For further information, please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Outline of the performance 
of the Banco Montepio Group's domestic companies".
In addition, within the domestic market, Banco Montepio also has a small qualified holding in HTA-Hotéis, 
Turismo e Animação dos Açores, S.A. (Tourism sector), in Montepio Gestão de Ativos Imobiliários, ACE 
(a complementary company group (Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to manage MGAM 
Group´s real estate more efficiently), and in Cesource, ACE (a complementary company group 
(Agrupamento Complementar de Empresas) created to provide specialised services in the area of IT 
technologies to improve the conditions and the management of the resources and the results of the economic 
activities of the members of this complementary company group), whose accounts are consolidated by the 
equity method, as well as a 100 per cent. capital participation in SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços 
Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. (Real Estate sector) fully owned by Montepio Holding. At an 
international level, within the scope of the strategic redefinition of international holdings and with a view 
to refocusing the approach to the African market, Banco Montepio continues to develop initiatives to 
deconsolidate Finibanco Angola, S.A., in which, at 31 December 2021, the Group had control and an 
effective participation of 80.2 per cent.. Furthermore, due to the new legal framework in Cape Verde and 
taking into consideration all the relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors chose not 
to promote the changes required to adapt its subsidiary Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde as a bank with 
generic authorisation, having approved the implementation of the procedural initiatives envisaged in the 
law with a view to its voluntary winding up and liquidation. For further information, please refer to the 
section "International Activity".
Following the aim of the Board of Directors to simplify the corporate structure of the Banco Montepio 
Group and the provisions of IFRS 5, the operations of Banco Montepio's subsidiaries (Banco MG Cabo 
Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. (under liquidation) and Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A.) were 
considered discontinued operations for the purposes of its financial accounts as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021, and were accounted in the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as "Non-current assets 
held for sale - discontinued operations" or "Non-current liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations", 
as applicable, and in its income statement as "Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations".
International Activity
Domestic Activity
Complementary services and other 
participations
(% of capital share)
100%
100%
80.2%
100%
100%
100%
27.5%
20%
18%
Montepio Holding 
SGPS, S.A.
Banco MG 
– Cabo 
Verde, 
Sociedade 
Unipessoal, 
S.A. (under 
liquidation) 
Finibanco 
Angola, 
S.A.
Montepio 
Crédito, 
Instituição 
Financeira 
de Crédito, 
S.A.
Montepio 
Investimen
to, S.A.
SSA 
GIncentive, 
Sociedade de 
Serviços 
Auxiliares e 
Gestão de 
Imóveis, S.A.
MGAI, 
Montepio 
Gestão de 
Ativos 
Imobiliário
s, ACE
HTA, 
Hotéis, 
Turismo e 
Animação 
dos 
Açores, 
S.A.
Cesource, 
ACE
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral,
caixa económica bancária, S.A.

--- Page 92 ---
10232074867-v29
- 84 -
70-41036336
The Banco Montepio Group also includes the real estate properties held by the following special purpose 
entities and investment funds:

Valor Arrendamento– Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio;

Polaris – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate Investment Fund) 
fully owned by Banco Montepio;

Portugal Estates Fund (PEF) - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado (Closed-end Real Estate 
Investment Fund) 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio; and

Carteira Imobiliária – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto (Open-end Special Real 
Estate Investment Fund) owned by 82.9 per cent. by Banco Montepio and 17.1 per cent. by 
Montepio Investimento, S.A.
For more information please see note 59 (Subsidiary and associated companies) to the Annual Report 2021.
The Issuer undertakes a major role in the implementation of Banco Montepio Group's business strategy, as 
it uses its nationwide branch network comprising 261 branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2021 (298 
branches in Portugal as at 31 December 2020). Banco Montepio's commercial network is further 
complemented by a network of electronic channels, together with its presence in various overseas 
Portuguese communities (including five representative offices outside of Portugal). Banco Montepio is also 
present in Angola, through Finibanco Angola with a retail network of 20 branches as at 31 December 2021 
(24 branches as at 31 December 2020). For further information, please refer to the section "- International 
Activity".
Banco Montepio is a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) incorporated as a public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) under the laws of the Portuguese Republic and is registered at the 
Lisbon Commercial Registry Office (1st Section) under the single registration and tax identification number 
500 792 615 and is domiciled in Portugal, having its registered office at Rua Castilho, 5, 1250-066 Lisbon, 
Portugal, with telephone number +351 213 248 000.
History
In 1840, Francisco Manuel Alvares Botelho established Montepio dos Empregados Públicos, a mutual 
benefit association intended to assist its members through periods of unforeseen financial hardship, caused 
by illness, disability or death. Its name was changed twice, firstly to Montepio Geral, Associação de 
Socorros Mútuos and in 1844 it was changed to Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista, the name that 
MGAM still bears today.
In 1844, MGAM created Caixa Económica de Lisboa, (which was renamed Caixa Económica Montepio 
Geral on 23 April 1991) with the aim of attracting small-scale savings and providing credit facilities. 
MGAM and its subsidiaries and affiliates offer a wide variety of banking, insurance and fund management 
products from Banco Montepio's branches throughout Portugal. Originally, Banco Montepio was run as a 
division of MGAM but, by the late 1930s, the two organisations had become separate legal entities. In 
accordance with Decree-Law no. 460/77, of 7 November 1977 (as last amended by Decree-Law 391/2007, 
of 13 December 2007), MGAM is a "collective person of public interest".
In order to broaden the offer of financial services to its customer base, in 1986, MGAM decided to found 
Lusitania Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania"). Lusitania is a general insurance company whose 
products are sold through Banco Montepio's branches and through its own network. Lusitania Vida, 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A. ("Lusitania Vida"), which offers life insurance products, was incorporated 
in 1987.
Pursuing its strategy of broadening its commercial offer and the diversification of its income sources, in 
1988, MGAM established Futuro – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. ("Futuro"), enabling 
the MGAM Group to expand into the pension fund management business.
As part of its investment management business, the MGAM Group holds Montepio Gestão de Activos, 
S.A., a company specialised in the management of mutual funds and wealth management, and Montepio 
Gestão de Activos Imobiliários, ACE, specialised in the management of real estate.

--- Page 93 ---
10232074867-v29
- 85 -
70-41036336
In 1995, Banco Montepio acquired certain limited assets and liabilities from a small savings bank in the 
Azores, Caixa Económica Açoreana. S.A. This acquisition allowed Banco Montepio to establish its 
presence in the Azores Autonomous Region.
Additionally, in January 1997, Banco Montepio acquired certain assets and liabilities of another small 
savings bank, Caixa Económica Comercial e Industrial ("CECI"). In 2009, Lusitania Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. acquired the insurance companies Real and Mutuamar, doubling its market share in the real 
insurance business, thereby achieving a market share in line with the MGAM Group's objectives.
In 2010, MGAM acquired the whole of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. through a friendly public takeover 
bid. The main goals of the transaction were the expansion of the MGAM Group's mutualism activities and 
the diversification of its business activities.
In order to take the necessary steps to achieve consolidation, on 31 March 2011, Banco Montepio acquired 
from MGAM, through a share purchase agreement, 100 per cent. of the share capital and of the voting 
rights of Finibanco-Holding, SGPS, S.A. (now Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.) and, indirectly, all of the 
share capital and the voting rights of Finibanco, S.A. ("Finibanco", now Montepio Investimento, S.A.), as 
well as those of Finicrédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (now Montepio Crédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and those of Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos Mobiliários, S.A. (now 
Montepio Valor – SGOIC, S.A.).
Finibanco Holding. SGPS, S.A., the holding company of the Portuguese financial group "Finibanco" (the 
"Finibanco Group"), comprised a number of subsidiaries which included, among others, a bank 
(Finibanco), an Angolan bank (Finibanco Angola), a credit financial institution (Finicrédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.) and an asset management company (Finivalor – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos 
Mobiliários, S.A.).
Under the share purchase agreement, Banco Montepio indirectly acquired 81.6 per cent. of the share capital 
and the voting rights of Finibanco Angola. As a result of these acquisitions, Banco Montepio's consolidated 
supervision perimeter now encompasses all the aforementioned companies.
As at December 2013, in the context of its restructuring, the MGAM Group undertook a reorganisation of 
its financial investments associated with the insurance and pension sectors. In this context, on 27 December 
2013 Montepio Seguros, S.G.P.S., S.A. ("Montepio Seguros") was created in order to manage the equity 
of such sectors. Banco Montepio sold the shares directly held in Futuro, Lusitania Vida and Lusitania to 
Montepio Seguros. Additionally, Banco Montepio acquired 33.65 per cent. of the capital of Montepio 
Seguros. On 30 December 2015, Banco Montepio sold its shareholding in Montepio Seguros.
In 2013, some of Banco Montepio's capital became open to public investment for the first time. On 25 
November 2013, Banco Montepio launched an initial public offer ("IPO") of €200 million securities 
(Unidades de Participação) representative of its participation fund (Fundo de Participação) 
("Participation Fund"). On 17 December 2013, the securities were admitted to listing on Euronext Lisbon 
after the Regulated Market Special Session.
On 2 December 2014, Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A. acquired a stake of 44.6 per cent. in BTM's share 
capital, acquiring management control following an agreement with the remaining shareholders of the bank 
(Rabobank, based in the Netherlands, holding identical equity participation as the Banco Montepio Group; 
Norfund, also known as the Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries, with an equity 
participation of 8.4 per cent.; and GAPI-SI, S.A., a financial institution that has the aim of contributing to 
economic and social development of Mozambique, with an equity participation of 2.5 per cent.).
On 10 October 2015, the new savings banks act by Decree-Law no. 190/2015, of 10 September ("Savings 
Banks Act"), entered into force, which classified savings banks (caixas económicas) with assets equal to 
or greater than €50 million as full service savings banks (caixas económicas bancárias) (as opposed to 
affiliated savings banks (caixas económicas anexas)) and required such banks to adopt the form of public 
limited liability companies (sociedades anónimas).
The Savings Banks Act further determines that only mutual associations (associações mutualistas), 
charities (misericórdias) or other beneficence institutions can hold the majority of the capital or the voting 
rights in a savings bank (caixa económica bancária).

--- Page 94 ---
10232074867-v29
- 86 -
70-41036336
In 2016, the Issuer was characterised as a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) following 
the enforcement of the Savings Bank Act and the resolution of Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 
of the Savings Bank Act (which provides that, unless otherwise determined at any time by Banco de 
Portugal, full service savings banks already in existence upon the entry into force of the new legislation 
shall not be automatically required to arrange for their conversion into public limited liability companies). 
An Extraordinary General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened for 22 November 2016, to deliberate 
on the transformation of Banco Montepio into a public limited liability company and the consequent 
amendment of its Articles of Association.
The participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting approved by majority to transform Banco Montepio 
into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima) and to amend the Articles of Association. The 
project for the amended Articles of Association was approved in its entirety, without prejudice to the 
reconsideration of some matters depending on the recommendations or decisions conveyed by the 
supervising authorities. As the knowledge of such recommendations or decisions was key to the conclusion 
of the matters being discussed the session was suspended until 13 December 2016.
The Extraordinary General Meeting was resumed on 13 December 2016 and on 4 April 2017 in order to 
approve all the required procedures regarding the transformation into a public limited liability company. 
The effectiveness of such resolutions was conditional on (i) ratification by the General Meeting of MGAM, 
to be held no later than 9 May 2017; and (ii) their respective registration. Upon these conditions being met, 
Banco Montepio's capital should be represented in full by ordinary shares. These two conditions were met 
respectively on 9 May 2017 and 14 September 2017. Consequently, as at 31 December 2021, Banco 
Montepio's total share capital, in the amount of €2,420,000,000 was fully represented by ordinary shares.
In December 2018, the Banco Montepio Group sold its 45.8 per cent. holding in BTM, reducing its 
international branches by 10. For further information, please refer to section "- International Activity".
In May 2019, Montepio Investimento S.A. was relaunched with a new brand, called Banco Empresas 
Montepio. This new project aims to bring together Banco Empresas Montepio's corporate banking and 
investment banking in one entity, presenting an integrated offering in the areas of corporate finance, debt 
and equity capital markets, advisory, structured finance, equity and debt distribution along with lending 
services. 
On 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives 
established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo 
Verde Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. For further information, please refer to the section "International 
Activity".
In December 2021, Banco Montepio sold 100 per cent. of its capital and voting rights in Montepio Valor - 
SGOIC, S.A. to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista, which simplified the corporate structure of Banco 
Montepio Group in line with its strategy. 
Strategy
The Issuer's Strategy aims to ensure profitability, the strengthening of capital and the maintenance of 
liquidity levels above minimum regulatory requirements. The Strategy prioritises the increase of core net 
operating income, capital management, risk management reinforcement, business efficiency, liquidity 
management, human resources management and corporate governance.
The Board of Directors, which took up office on 21 March 2018, are committed to enhancing the efficiency, 
profitability and adequacy of Banco Montepio's business model so that it meets demanding contemporary 
customer requirements.
The Board of Directors launched a transformation plan to analyse Banco Montepio's existing position and 
establish a vision for Banco Montepio with clear options and specific business goals for the medium and 
long term ("Transformation Plan").
The Transformation Plan implementation commenced in 2019 and is expected to be fully implemented by 
2024. The Transformation Plan has a 5 year timeline with an intention to establish new ways of working 
that would create positive results, making the Issuer more competitive, efficient and digital, with a focus 
on the quality of service provided to the customer.

--- Page 95 ---
10232074867-v29
- 87 -
70-41036336
The Transformation Plan defines the vision and business goals of the Issuer for the medium and long-term, 
aimed at:
(a)
evolving Banco Montepio's business model so that it is economically viable in the long term and 
creates additional value for the shareholder. The business model should maintain the appropriate 
safety margins on internal and regulatory prudential limits, a solid short-term liquidity position and 
a suitable balance sheet structure in the medium and long term;
(b)
strengthening Banco Montepio's position as a reference financial institution, by supporting the 
social economy, working among segments of the population that are least benefited by banking 
services;
(c)
developing new value propositions and service models, affirming itself as a reference bank for 
small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and for the different segments of individual 
customers;
(d)
increasing the efficiency and efficacy of the commercial, service and group support structures, 
using new technologies and new ways of working;
(e)
strengthening Banco Montepio's strategic pillar as a "banking system of relations and proximity" 
both for individuals and corporations, enabling it to affirm itself as a modern institution based on 
traditional values, adjusting its product and service offer and the channels used to the different 
customer segments; and
(f)
reinforcing the quality of the assets provided, focusing on the sustained improvement of credit 
quality ratios and the continuous reduction of concentration of risk in the activity sectors of 
construction and real estate development.
Its development is based on 4 pillars – Business, Strengthening of the Balance Sheet, Organisation and 
Support – which are reflected in the 12 macro initiatives, with a detailed implementation schedule for 411 
measures involving a multidisciplinary team of more than 100 people who are responsible for their 
implementation and control.
The business model of the banking industry has been undergoing significant changes as a result of the 
impact of technology on customer behaviour and the emergence of new participants in the industry. The 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have accelerated these structural developments, resulting in a 
reassessment and adjustment of the Transformation Plan.
Taking into account the current circumstances and future uncertainties, and the challenges facing Banco 
Montepio, the banking sector and the Portuguese economy, the adjustment process at Banco Montepio 
became more urgent and the Board reassessed the objectives and measures set out in the Transformation 
Plan and adopted a multi-dimensional and multi-annual adjustment programme.
Pursuant to this adjustment plan, Banco Montepio's strategy and business targets for the medium and long 
term have been revised in order to make Banco Montepio an efficient and profitable bank at the service of 
Portuguese households and companies, and social economy institutions, shareholders and other 
stakeholders through the implementation of four main strategic pillars: business model review; operational 
adjustment; capital maintenance; and group simplification.
The business model review pillar focuses on strengthening customer oriented banking services and 
proximity relationship enhancement; reinforcement of funding to the economy, supporting households and 
the SMEs financial needs, the latter through the Portuguese Government available guaranteed credit lines; 
and developing distribution capacity and complementary margin in order to recovering profitability of 
Banco Montepio's domestic operations.
Operational adjustment is focused on accelerating Banco Montepio's digital transition by adopting market 
standard best practices, both in terms of customer experience and operational efficiency. In order to 
optimise the range of distribution channels, Banco Montepio closed 37 branches in 2021 and 39 branches 
in 2020 on the basis of geographic need, profitability and market size, without jeopardising the adequate 
coverage of the customer base, and is planning to reduce an additional four branches in 2022.

--- Page 96 ---
10232074867-v29
- 88 -
70-41036336
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has brought about various changes in the operation and organisation 
of teams as a result of remote-working. As a result of the evolution of the banking sector, the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the need for a sustainable business model, Banco Montepio implemented a 
voluntary programme for early retirement and voluntary redundancies (the "2020/2021 Programme"). The 
2020/2021 Programme's measures included a set of benefits such as health and unemployment protection 
for employees who voluntarily joined the 2020/2021 Programme. In addition, in order to provide the best 
conditions and support to employees who wish to join the 2020/2021 Programme, the Ministry of Labour, 
Solidarity and Social Security authorised the extension of the quota for eligibility for social protection in 
unemployment to 400 employees.
Banco Montepio is consulting with its social partners and employee representatives as part of an informed 
and transparent process. Subject to those consultations and various other factors, Banco Montepio is 
targeting a reduction in the number of employees around 800 in a multi-year programme. By the end of 
2021, 402 employees (190 retirements and 212 voluntary redundancies) had adhered to the 2020/2021 
Programme, leading already to a significant reduction of the workforce in 2020 and 2021.
For the avoidance of doubt, the above targets regarding the branches and employees adjustment may not 
be achieved.
In terms of Capital Maintenance, Banco Montepio will seek to improve its capital ratios by adopting various 
measures, including the following: reducing its RWA by having a more focused loan and securities 
portfolio; and deleveraging its balance sheet through the divestment of non-core assets.
In terms of simplifying Banco Montepio Group's structure, the adjustment plan is targeted at disposing of 
shareholdings in the national and international markets, as well as modernising and streamlining the Group's 
internal procedures. In this context, reference should be made to the sale of the shareholdings in Monteiro 
Aranha S.A., in March 2021, and in Almina Holding S.A., in June 2021, and in Montepio Valor - SGOIC, 
S.A., in 30 December 2021, with ongoing efforts to deconsolidate Finibanco Angola, S.A.. At the same 
time, the Board of Directors of Banco Montepio concluded that it would not promote the necessary changes 
to the adaptation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., as a bank with generic 
authorisation, which is also a subsidiary that has been in the process of voluntary winding up and liquidation 
since 30 November 2021.
In line with the simplification of Banco Montepio Group's activity and operations, its operating and 
customer service model is being adjusted, namely to (i) strengthen the business model, reinforcing the focus 
on products with greater added value for the Customer; (ii) accelerate its digital transition, both in internal 
processes and in Customer relationship platforms; (iii) increase efficiency, namely through reviewing 
internal processes and regulations; (iv) adjust the distribution model by merging geographically redundant 
branches; and (v) implement new concepts and new ways of working, enhancing collaboration and 
flexibility and promote a better balance between personal and professional life.
The operations and customer service model are being adjusted with an aim to improve Banco Montepio's 
efficiency ratios to align it with the Portuguese banking sector. In 2021, Banco Montepio maintained its 
automation and re-engineering processes, made progress in advanced analytics with the launch of a new 
data platform to support data driven processes, implemented more advanced cybersecurity models and 
accelerated the implementation of native cloud architecture models. Throughout 2021 Banco Montepio 
developed a set of initiatives aimed at improving the customer experience, namely to increase their 
efficiency and effectiveness in their interaction with Banco Montepio, while contributing to a more 
sustainable environment. Among these initiatives, Banco Montepio highlights the migration of Customers 
who had physical mail as their preferred communication method to digital mail, which reduced the volume 
of paper communications by 81 per cent., in addition to the discontinuation of the physical matrix card with 
the codes to access to Net24 and the development of the App "APPré-pago" to check the balances and 
movements of the Bank's pre-paid cards, enabling their holders to access information without having to go 
to an ATM.
Banco Montepio accelerates Digital Transformation with Artificial Intelligence solutions
In order to accelerate Banco Montepio's innovation and automation strategy, in the first quarter of 2019 
Banco Montepio established a partnership with IBM to introduce artificial intelligence and cognitive 
technology tools (known as "Cognitive Process Automation") as part of its programme to introduce digital 
transformation and to optimise customer experience and business processes. Banco Montepio has

--- Page 97 ---
10232074867-v29
- 89 -
70-41036336
introduced to its customers M.A.R.I.A. (Montepio's Automated Real-time Interaction Assistant), a voice-
answering virtual agent which operates using artificial intelligence. M.A.R.I.A is able to carry out virtual 
conversations with customers to resolve calls without the need to resort to a human operator.
In 2021, M.A.R.I.A. continued to progressively expand its customer service capacity and its ability to 
understand Customers' intentions, improving contact execution and providing Customers with a more 
empathetic and personalised experience, contributing to a gradual increase in trust in Banco Montepio.
M.A.R.I.A. began by activating debit and credit cards, rapidly moving on to receiving orders for balance 
and movement enquiries (accounts and cards), transfers between Banco Montepio's accounts, interbank 
transfers and immediate transfers. At the end of 2021, M.A.R.I.A. recorded a customer service satisfaction 
score of 82 per cent., which was slightly higher than at the end of 2020.
Current Activities
The Banco Montepio Group is one of the main Portuguese financial groups in retail banking, with its core 
business focused on the domestic market, while also developing activities abroad.
The Issuer operates as a universal bank offering a wide range of banking and financial products and 
services, such as mutual, real estate and pension funds, insurance (life and non-life), investment 
management services and the provision of credit cards, aimed at catering to all its customers' financial 
needs. As a comprehensive and diversified group, it provides its retail and corporate customers(the latter 
of which mainly consists of SMEs and middle market companies) a universal offer of complementary 
products and services through its domestic distribution network.
The Issuer has also been offering international transactions to its Portuguese customers, particularly by way 
of the provision of foreign currency, documentary credits and payment orders, focusing mainly on attracting 
deposits from non-resident Portuguese nationals. To this end, Banco Montepio Group currently has five 
representative offices in Paris, Toronto, Geneva, Frankfurt and Newark.
Analysis of the Issuer's financial performance
2021 consolidated activity and results (audited)
Banco Montepio has been carrying out several initiatives aimed at the development and implementation of 
an economically sustainable business model, in order to provide stable profitability, reduce NPEs and 
enable the organic growth of capital levels and liquidity buffers. Accordingly, the Issuer continues to 
deleverage its balance sheet, which resulted in reductions in its non-performing loan portfolio and real 
estate exposures. In addition, the Issuer's liquidity position was strengthened by attracting and retaining 
customer deposits and actively managing its securities portfolio to meet regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements.
The table below sets out the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Cash and deposits at central banks, Loans and 
deposits to credit institutions payable on 
demand and Other loans and advances to credit 
institutions.........................................................
1,793
3,264
1,472
82.1
Loans and advances to customers.........................
11,578
11,668
90
0.8
Securities portfolio and other financial assets* ....
3,013
3,339
325
10.8
Non current assets held for sale and Investment 
Properties...........................................................
131
142
10
7.9
Non current assets held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ..........................................................
1
0
(1)
(67.2)
Current tax assets and Deferred tax assets............
500
467
(33)
(6.6)

--- Page 98 ---
10232074867-v29
- 90 -
70-41036336
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Other .....................................................................
925
834
(91)
(9.8)
Total assets ..........................................................
17,941
19,713
1,772
9.9
Deposits from central banks and Deposits from 
other credit institutions......................................
2,203
3,457
1,254
56.9
Deposits from customers ......................................
12,502
12,787
285
2.3
Debt securities issued and Other subordinated 
debt....................................................................
1,516
1,834
318
21.0
Non current liabilities held for sale - Discontinued 
operations ..........................................................
110
0
(109)
(99.7)
Other .....................................................................
283
271
(12)
(4.2)
Total liabilities.....................................................
16,614
18,350
1,736
10.5
Share capital..........................................................
2,420
2,420
0
0.0
Legal reserve, Fair value reserves, Other reserves 
and Retained earnings and Non-controlling 
Interests .............................................................
(1,012)
(1,063)
(51)
(5.1)
Consolidated net income for the period 
attributable to the Shareholders.........................
(81)
7
87
(108.1)
Total Shareholder's equity.................................
1,327
1,363
36
2.7
Total liabilities and Shareholder's equity.........
17,941
19,713
1,772
9.9
________________
*
Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest).
Capital
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented a set of measures aimed at improving capital ratios, namely through 
the reduction of RWA, focusing on the deleveraging of the balance sheet through divestment in non-
performing or non-strategic assets, focusing on the growth of the core business of lending in segments with 
lower risk, and with the logic of maximising return on capital.
In this regard, the reduction of non-strategic assets achieved in 2021 through the sale of the shareholdings 
held in the companies Monteiro Aranha, S.A. (10.3 per cent. of the share capital), in March 2021, and in 
Almina Holding, S.A. (19.0 per cent. of the share capital), in June 2021, contributed to the favourable 
reduction in RWA in relation to the previous year. Additionally, at the end of the year, Banco Montepio 
sold a portfolio of non-performing loans (known as the "Gerês operation"), with a positive impact of 3 b.p. 
on capital ratios in 2021, and concluded a consumer STS securitisation (Pelican Finance No.2), jointly 
originated by Banco Montepio and Montepio Crédito, a measure included in its capital plan and which 
proved important in reducing RWA, with an overall impact on capital ratios of approximately 40 b.p.
As at 31 December 2021, RWA decreased by €777 million in comparison to 31 December 2020, as a result 
of the reduction of non-strategic assets, in particular the stock of NPL and real estate assets despite the 
adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. This reduction was also due to the efficient risk allocation in 
the loans and debt securities portfolios.
Total own funds amounted to €1,328 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €1,321 million as at 31 
December 2020, reflecting the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the regulatory deductions 
as a result of the IFRS 9 phasing-in, which were fully offset by the 2021 positive net income, with an impact 
on the reduction of deferred tax assets, and by the actuarial deviations determined at the pension fund 
liabilities.
As at 31 December 2021, the CET1 and Total Capital ratios of Banco Montepio, pursuant to the phasing-
in rules, amounted to 12.7 per cent. and 15.1 per cent., respectively, compared to 11.6 per cent. and 13.8 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
On a fully implemented basis, as at 31 December 2021, the CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent. and the Total 
Capital ratio was 14.2 per cent. The difference between the fully implemented capital ratios and the phasing-
in capital ratios was due to IFRS 9 phasing-in. As at 31 December 2019, the Issuer had completed the 
implementation of the deferred tax regime, and is only subject to completing the transition to IFRS 9. 
Furthermore, Banco Montepio has endorsed the prudential filter relating to the fair-value reserves of public 
debt, the impact of which is negligible.

--- Page 99 ---
10232074867-v29
- 91 -
70-41036336
The leverage ratio, pursuant to the phasing-in rules, amounted to 5.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 
compared to 6.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, which is above the minimum benchmark defined by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (3 per cent.).
In accordance with the provisions in force on 31 December 2021, the Overall Capital Requirements (OCR), 
which include the combined buffer requirements, were 9.02 per cent, 11.13 per cent. and 13.94 per cent for 
Common Equity tier 1, Tier 1 and Total Capital, respectively. As of 31 December 2021, the capital ratios 
reported by Banco Montepio were above the required prudential levels, with significant buffers in relation 
to the OCR, including the combined buffer requirements, not only under the phasing in criteria, but also on 
a fully implemented basis. Notwithstanding, the Board of Directors remains committed to the reinforcement 
of capital ratios and will maintain a set of initiatives to this end (such as the continuous reduction of the 
NPE and real estate assets exposure).
The table below sets out the Issuer's own funds and capital ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021.
OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL RATIOS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Total own funds (€ millions)
Common Equity Tier 1.....................................................
1,114
1,122
8
0.7
Tier 1 ................................................................................
1,114
1,122
8
0.7
Total Capital.....................................................................
1,321
1,328
7
0.6
Risk-weighted assets.......................................................
9,577
8,800
(777)
(8.1)
Phasing-in ratios.............................................................
Common Equity Tier 1.....................................................
11.6%
12.7%
110
bp
Tier 1 ................................................................................
11.6%
12.7%
110
bp
Total Capital...................................................................
13.8%
15.1%
130
bp
Fully implemented ratios...............................................
Common Equity Tier 1.....................................................
10.1%
11.8%
170
bp
Tier 1 ................................................................................
10.1%
11.8%
170
bp
Total Capital.....................................................................
12.3%
14.2%
190
bp
Leverage ratios ...............................................................
Phasing-In ........................................................................
6.0%
5.6%
(40)
bp
Fully implemented ...........................................................
5.2%
5.1%
(10)
bp
The table below sets out a summary of the Issuer's capital requirements as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 under phasing-in:
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Share capital
2,420,000
2,420,000
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the Shareholders, legal reserve, fair 
value reserves and other reserves and retained earnings
(1,102,140)
(1,069,770)
Non-controlling interests eligible for CET1
3,064
4,007
Other regulatory adjustments
(206,736)
(232,716)
1,114,188
1,121,521
Tier 1 Capital
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 1
225
199
1,114,413
1,121,720
Tier 2 Capital
Subordinated debt
206,323
206,323
Non-controlling interests eligible for Tier 2
225
199
206,548
206,522
Total own funds
1,320,961
1,328,242
Own funds' requirements
Credit risk
667,306
606,992
Market risk
4,402
0
Operational risk
55,046
50,841

--- Page 100 ---
10232074867-v29
- 92 -
70-41036336
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
Other requirements
39,401
46,165
766,155
703,998
Prudential ratios
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
11.6%
12.7%
Tier 1 ratio
11.6%
12.7%
Total Capital ratio
13.8%
15.1%
Customers' resources
Since 2019, Banco Montepio has developed a series of initiatives aimed at targeting new and retaining 
current, customer resources, under its liquidity risk management strategy.
Total customers' resources amounted to €14,041 million as at 31 December 2021, of which €12,996 million 
correspond to total on-balance customers' resources, with 98.4 per cent. referring to deposits from 
customers.
As at 31 December 2021, deposits from customers amounted to €12,787 million, predominantly made up 
of individual customers deposits, representing 76.4 per cent. of total deposits.
In 2021 and notwithstanding the combination of historically low levels of interest rates and reduction in 
economic activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, deposits from customers increased €285 million 
in comparison with 2020, with term deposits falling by €662 million and sight deposits increasing by € 946 
million. The deposits from customers maintained the increase in sight deposits/term deposits mix, which 
was 50 per cent./50 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 41 per cent./59 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020).
As at 31 December 2021, securities placed with customers amounted to €209 million, compared to €210 
million as at 31 December 2020.
Off-balance sheet resources amounted to €1,045 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €844 million 
as at 31 December 2020 (an increase of 23.8 per cent.). The increase was due to the increases recorded in 
the real estate investment funds (+€127 million), in the capitalisation insurance (+€30 million), in the 
pension funds (+€27 million) and in the securities investment funds (+€17 million).
The table below sets out the Issuer's customers' resources as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
CUSTOMERS' RESOURCES
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Deposits from customers ..................................................
12,502
12,787
285
2.3
Sight Deposits(1) ..................................................................
5,482
6,428
946
17.3
Term Deposits(2)..................................................................
7,020
6,359
(662)
(9.4)
Securities placed with Customers.......................................
210
209
(1)
(0.7)
Total On-Balance sheet resources ...................................
12,712
12,996
284
2.2
Off-Balance sheet resources ...............................................
844
1,045
201
23.8
Total Customers' resources..............................................
13,556
14,041
485
3.6
________________
(1)
corresponds to Deposits repayable on demand and Other deposits
(2)
corresponds to corresponds to Term deposits and Saving accounts
Issued Debt
As at 31 December 2021, the value of Debt securities issued and Other subordinated debt amounted to 
€1,834 million representing a year-on-year increase of €318 million (an increase of 21.0 per cent.), 
compared to €1,516 million as at 31 December 2020). The year-on-year increase is due to the increase of 
€317.9 million in Debt securities issued. The change in Debt securities issued is due to the increase of 
€324.3 million in securitisations related to performing consumer loans securitisation (Pelican Finance No.2) 
jointly originated by Banco Montepio and Montepio Crédito, in an amount of €362 million, as partially off-

--- Page 101 ---
10232074867-v29
- 93 -
70-41036336
set by the €6 million reduction in cash bonds (domestic) (-€3 million) and covered bonds (-€3 million). The 
Other subordinated debt stood at €217 million in line with the amount recorded at 31 December 2020.
Liquidity
In 2021, Banco Montepio continued to promote management measures aimed at upholding the robust 
liquidity position, with levels greatly above the regulatory limits in force.
This resulted in the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") amounting to 264.1 per cent., increasing in 
comparison to the ratio of 200.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, and amounting to 164.1 p.p. above the 
minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent.
Additionally, the Issuer maintained a comfortable stable funding base, determined by the outlined funding 
structure, namely through recourse to medium and long-term instruments, which enabled the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio ("NSFR") to stand at 125.3 per cent., a significant reinforcement compared to the value of 
109.8 per cent. recorded on 31 December 2020.
The performance of Deposits from customers and the growth of Loans and advances to customers led to a 
Loans to deposits ratio, calculated in accordance with Banco de Portugal Instruction number 16/2004, of 
91.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, compared to 92.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
LOAN TO DEPOSITS RATIOS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 
2021/2020
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (a)..........
92.6
91.2
(1.4) p.p.
Loans and advances to customers / Total on-balance sheet customers' 
resources (b)........................................................................................
83.9
81.0
(2.9) p.p.
________________
(a)
In compliance with Instruction of the Banco de Portugal No. 16/2004, as amended.
(b)
Total on-balance sheet customers' resources = Deposits from customers and Debt securities issued, as published in the Financial 
Statements.
The total value of the pool of eligible assets as at 31 December 2021 increased by €695 million as compared 
to 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the value of the pool of collateral for Eurosystem 
operations amounted to €3,808 million, compared to €3,113 million as at 31 December 2020. This increase 
in value of the pool of collateral was driven by the increase of eligible debt instruments due to market 
conditions given the short-term European sovereign debt bearing more negative interest rates than the 
negative 0.5 per cent. interest rate level of the remuneration of deposits with the Banco de Portugal, and to 
the inclusion of non-marketable assets. At the end of 2021, this pool included marketable assets, namely 
eligible debt instruments, amounting to €3,359 million, and non-marketable assets, such as eligible credit 
rights granted to Non-Financial Corporations and Public Sector Entities, namely bank loans and drawn 
credit lines, amounting to €449 million. Additionally, there was an increase of €1,506 million in the deposits 
with the Banco de Portugal for the year ended 31 December 2021, amounting to €2,788 million, compared 
with the year ended 31 December 2020.
The use of ECB resources as at 31 December 2021 increased by €1,550 million to €2,958 million compared 
to the amount as at 31 December 2020, within an efficient funding management, with a view to reinforcing 
stable funding, with a positive impact in the NSFR ratio. The use of Eurosystem monetary policy operations 
falls under the support given to the economy, with a view to optimising the long-term funding, namely 
through participation in Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations, in the context of the non-
conventional expansionary monetary policy measures implemented by the ECB. In terms of available 
collateral for obtaining liquidity, the value of the eligible assets decreased by 50.1 per cent. to an amount 
of €850 million as at 31 December 2021, due to additional funding from the ECB raised under the TLTRO 
III operations for an amount of €1,555 million, in compliance with the approved funding strategy. 
Notwithstanding the reduction in the pool of eligible assets for the Eurosystem monetary policy, the 
liquidity buffer, derived from the sum of the Cash and deposits in central banks and the available liquidity 
resulting from the pool of ECB eligible assets, exceeded the €3 billion threshold at the end of 2021, 
therefore, contributing to the strengthening of the liquidity ratios and to the liquidity of the Issuer.

--- Page 102 ---
10232074867-v29
- 94 -
70-41036336
The table below sets out the Issuer's pool of eligible assets for refinancing operations with the ECB as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
POOL OF ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR REFINANCING OPERATIONS WITH THE ECB
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Pool of eligible assets (a)....................................................
3,113
3,808
695
22.33
Use of the pool(b)...............................................................
1,408
2,958
1,550
>100
Pool of available assets ...................................................
1,705
850
(855)
(50.1)
________________
(a)
Includes eligible assets, free of onus, for operations in the Collateralised Interbank Market.
(b)
Includes monetary policy operations and SICOI. These figures include also off-balance sheet items.
As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio had not borrowed or lent funds in the euro interbank money 
market, however in the foreign currency interbank money market, Banco Montepio had a lending position 
of US$70 million.
Asset Quality
As at 31 December 2021, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to €12,189 million, representing 
a decrease of 1.4 per cent. compared to €12,357 million as at 31 December 2020. The decrease in Gross 
loans and advances compared to 31 December 2020 was due to the €281 million of write-offs and, 
additionally, to the NPL sales, notwithstanding Banco Montepio's commitment to supporting families, 
companies and social economy entities.
In December 2021 a sale and purchase agreement was entered into in respect of a portfolio of non-
performing loans amounting to €253 million, which comprised on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet loans 
(Gerês Operation). The on balance sheet amount of NPLs sold was €133.6 million, of which €49 million 
from an unsecured portfolio, derecognised in December 2021. The secured portion of the referred operation 
is disclosed in Non-current assets held for sale at the end of last year, having already occurred the respective 
financial settlement at the end of March 2022.
As at 31 December 2021, the individual lending segment, grew by €74 million, evidencing the effectiveness 
of the commercial strategy adopted at the end of 2020, with origination in mortgage lending reaching 
historic levels at Banco Montepio. Gross performing loans recorded a growth of €146 million in comparison 
to the end of 2020 (+1.3 per cent.), while non-performing loans recorded a decrease of €315 million (-24.4 
per cent.), fulfilling the deleveraging strategy in NPLs.
The growth in the loan portfolio was achieved at the same time as the improvement in credit quality 
indicators, which benefited from a rigorous credit risk taking discipline, as well as from the measures that 
were approved and adopted in the credit monitoring and recovery areas. As a result of the measures that 
have been implemented in 2021, the number of new loans that entered into default decreased by 43 per 
cent. and the related defaulted amount decreased by 73 per cent. in comparison to 2020.
The growth in Gross loans and advances to customers were driven by an increase in loans to individuals 
which rose €74 million (+1.2 per cent.), which consisted of €49 million in mortgage loans (+0.9 per cent.) 
and €26 million in other loans (+3.5 per cent.) Banco Montepio's growth trajectory was also strongly 
impacted by the €241 million decrease in the corporate segment (- 4.0 per cent.) at the end of 2020, 
exacerbated by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. It should be noted, however, that the reduction in 
Banco Montepio's volume of corporate loans was largely attributable to the reduction in the amounts lent 
to the construction and real estate activities sector, thus reducing the high weight of this sector (from 25.5 
per cent. in 2019 to 18.6 per cent. in 2021), and conferring greater balance to the sectoral distribution of 
credit (the weight of loans to manufacturing industries changed from approximately 16 per cent. in 2019 to 
a value practically equal to that of the construction and real estate activities sector in 2021).
Within the scope of Banco Montepio's adjustment programme, the improvement of credit quality is also 
based on a more effective and integrated management of non-performing exposures, by maximising 
recoveries and by corporate finance solutions, benefiting from the strategic focus on the segments of 
individuals, companies (especially small and medium-sized enterprises) and social economy entities.

--- Page 103 ---
10232074867-v29
- 95 -
70-41036336
The table below sets out the Issuer's loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021.
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
(By sector of activity)
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Individuals.......................................................................
6,377
6,451
74
1.2
Housing loans................................................................
5,636
5,685
49
0.9
Others............................................................................
740
766
26
3.5
Corporate ........................................................................
5,980
5,739
(241)
(4.0)
Manufacturing industries ..............................................
981
1,031
50
5.1
Wholesale and retail trade.............................................
915
860
(55)
(6.0)
Construction and Real estate activities .........................
1,363
1,065
(298)
(21.9)
Accommodation and catering activities........................
533
596
63
11.8
Financial and insurance activities .................................
627
493
(134)
(21.5)
Transportation and storage............................................
404
393
(11)
(2.8)
Business Services..........................................................
374
367
(7)
(1.7)
Other collective service activities .................................
303
340
37
12.2
Others............................................................................
481
594
113
23.7
Gross loans and advances to customers........................
12,357
12,189
(168)
(1.4)
Impairment for credit risks ...........................................
780
522
(258)
(33.1)
Loans and advances to customers .................................
11,578
11,668
90
0.8
On 18 December 2020, Banco Montepio executed an operation that consists in a synthetic securitisation 
structure, which is based on a portfolio of Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) credits. The legal maturity 
date of the operation is 25 March 2036 and the respective amount was €358,661 thousand at 31 December 
2021 (31 December 2020: €415,315 thousand). Banco Montepio took two guarantees from EIB and EIF to 
protect the senior and mezzanine tranches of the synthetic securitisation, bearing respectively a commission 
of 0.3 per cent. and 4.0 per cent. with quarterly payments.
As at 31 December 2021, the Loans and advances to customers included receivables assigned to the cover 
pool relating to Banco Montepio's covered bond programme, which totalled €2,747 million. This 
represented an increase from €2,740 million as at 31 December 2020. Loans that were subject to 
securitisation and not derecognised on the balance sheet totalled €994 million, compared to €1,844 million 
as at 31 December 2020.
At 31 December 2021, the credit that the Group granted to its shareholders and related parties amounted to 
€12,214 thousand (31 December 2020: €16,346 thousand). The execution of transactions between the 
Group and its shareholders or related natural or legal persons is always subject to deliberation and 
appreciation by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, under the terms of article 20 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), at the proposal of the commercial network 
and supported by an analysis and opinion, issued by the Risk Division, on compliance with the limit 
established in article 109 of the General Regime of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies. The 
amount of impairment for credit risk for these contracts amounts to €362 thousand at 31 December 2021 
(31 December 2020: €638 thousand).
The COVID-19 pandemic made it more difficult to reduce non-performing loans by tightening market 
conditions for selling NPLs and reducing the ability of the non-financial private sector to service debt, 
making it more difficult to clear NPLs through cures. Despite these challenges, Banco Montepio reduced 
the weight of NPE to Total gross loans and advances to customers to 8.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 
(compared to 10.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). This was due to the decrease in NPEs to €975 million 
as at 31 December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020. The NPE ratio net of loan impairment stood at 
3.7 per cent. at 31 December 2021, evolving favourably compared to the 4.1 per cent. recorded at the end 
of 2020.
The Gerês operation had a favourable impact on Banco Montepio's NPE ratio, contributing to the 2.4 p.p. 
reduction, consolidating the strategy implemented by the Board of Directors of continuously reducing non-
performing assets.

--- Page 104 ---
10232074867-v29
- 96 -
70-41036336
In 2021, Banco Montepio reinforced the coverage of NPEs by impairment for credit risk and associated 
collateral and financial guarantees to 96.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, compared to 93.0 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2020, while the coverage by impairments for credit risks amounted to 53.5 per cent., 
compared to 60.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
The table below sets out the Issuer's loan quality indicators as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
LOAN QUALITY INDICATORS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Gross loans and advances to customers......................
12,357
12,189
(168)
(1.4)
Past due loans and advances and interest - more than 
90 days(*)..................................................................
627
361
(265)
(42.3)
Impairment for credit risks..........................................
780
522
(258)
(33.1)
Ratios (%)
Cost of credit risk........................................................
1.5
0.4
(1.1)
p.p.
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days......
5.1
3.0
(2.1)
p.p.
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a) / Gross loans and 
advances to customers.............................................
10.4
8.0
(2.4)
p.p.
Forborne exposures (a) / Gross loans and advances to 
customers.................................................................
6.6
5.1
(1.5)
p.p.
Coverage by Impairments for credit risks (%)
Loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days......
124.4
144.4
20.0
p.p.
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (a)...........................................
60.4
53.5
(6.9)
p.p.
Non-performing exposures (NPE), also including 
associated collaterals and financial guarantees (a)....
93.0
96.0
3.0
p.p.
________________
(a)
EBA definition.
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's past due loans and advances and interest amount stood at €402.9 
million or 3.3 per cent. of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to customers, compared with €672.3 million 
or 5.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
The analysis of past due loans and advances and interest as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 
by type of customer and purpose, is as follows:
31 December 2020
31 December 2021
(€ thousand)
Corporate
Construction/Production.........................................................................
136,990
55,818
Investment ..............................................................................................
285,173
190,187
Working capital(1) ...................................................................................
144,853
88,822
Other
22,743
17,667
Retail
Mortgage loans .......................................................................................
45,058
27,587
Consumer credit......................................................................................
22,322
16,366
Other.......................................................................................................
15,183
6,475
672,322
402,922
________________________
(1)
corresponds to "Treasury"
The following table sets forth the default period of time for past due loans and advances and interest as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021:
31 December 2020
31 December 2021
(€ thousand)
Past due loans and advances and interest
Less than 90 days .......................................................................................
45,538
41,504
More than 90 days......................................................................................
626,784
361,418
672,322
402,922
As part of Banco Montepio's strategy of rebalancing its asset structure, in 2021, Banco Montepio proceeded 
with the identification and implementation of measures aimed at enhancing the levels of liquidity and active 
management of the portfolio of securities and other instruments.

--- Page 105 ---
10232074867-v29
- 97 -
70-41036336
As at 31 December 2021, the securities portfolio and other financial assets amounted to €3,339 million, 
compared to €3,013 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase in the portfolio of securities and other 
instruments was due to the increase in the portfolio Other financial assets at amortised cost by €642 million 
due to the investment in public debt securities, reflecting the execution of the funding strategy and 
application of liquidity. This increase was partially offset following the execution of the measures foreseen 
in the funding and capital plan related with the deleveraging of non-core assets, through the reduction of 
the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio by €163 million, as a result 
of the lower exposure in national and foreign equities (as a consequence of the sale of the positions held in 
Almina and Monteiro Aranha), as well as the decrease of the financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss portfolio by €143 million, derived from the reduction of participation units in investment funds and 
variable income securities, and, to a lesser extent, the reduction of the financial assets held for trading 
portfolio by €9 million, derived from the reduction of securities held for trading.
In analysing the securities portfolio by type of instrument, there was a year-on-year increase of €574 million 
in bonds and other debt instruments, which includes Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Greek public debt, 
that led to an increase of 10.8 per cent. in the portfolio of securities and other instruments as compared to 
31 December 2020.
As was the case at year-end 2020, the portfolio of securities and other instruments as at 31 December 2021 
was mostly comprised of bonds and other debt instruments, whose weight in the total portfolio increased 
to 93.0 per cent. In turn, the proportion of participation units and equities decreased to 5.7 per cent. and 0.8 
per cent. of the portfolio, respectively.
The following table sets out the Banco Montepio Group's credit risk exposure as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021:
31 December 2020
31 December 2021
(€ thousand)
Loans and payables at credit institutions payable on demand............................
33,660
67,360
Other loans and advances to credit institutions ..................................................
293,004
229,065
Loans and advances to customers.......................................................................
11,577,702
11,667,688
Financial assets held for trading .........................................................................
10,452
7,582
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss............................................
9,666
9,768
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................
168,058
101,128
Hedging derivatives............................................................................................
10,693
5,411
Other financial assets at amortised cost..............................................................
2,362,616
3,004,196
Other assets.........................................................................................................
48,103
76,406
Guarantees ..........................................................................................................
507,617
479,831
Irrevocable credit lines .......................................................................................
721,300
694,072
Revocable credit lines.........................................................................................
808,885
845,581
16,551,756
17,188,088
Earnings
In 2021, a challenging year due to COVID-19, which led to a second lockdown in Portugal during the first 
quarter, Banco Montepio recorded a positive Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of €6.6 million compared to a negative €80.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The improvement in profitability reflects the reduction in operating costs compared to the previous year, 
essentially in staff costs, reflecting not only lower restructuring costs but also a reduction in the cost of 
wages and other recurring costs, benefiting from the outcome of the operational adjustment programme, 
and the improvement in the cost of risk, highlighting the quality of credit origination in recent years, 
notwithstanding the moratoria expiry during 2021.
The table below sets out the Issuer's income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021.
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Net interest income (1) ...................................................
242.8
243.5
0.7
0.3
Net fee and commission income (2).................................
115.3
116.3
1.0
0.9
Core total operating income ((1)+(2))...........................
358.1
359.8
1.7
0.5
Dividends from equity instruments ..................................
3.1
1.8
(1.3)
(41.0)

--- Page 106 ---
10232074867-v29
- 98 -
70-41036336
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Results from financial operations.....................................
17.9
10.8
(7.1)
(39.7)
Other results(a)...................................................................
14.7
6.6
(8.1)
(54.9)
Total operating income (3).............................................
393.7
379.0
(14.7)
(3.7)
Staff Costs.........................................................................
189.3
164.2
(25.1)
(13.3)
General and administrative expenses ...............................
67.0
64.7
(2.3)
(3.4)
Depreciation and amortization..........................................
35.1
35.3
0.2
0.5
Operating costs (4)..........................................................
291.4
264.1
(27.2)
(9.3)
Operating costs, excluding specific impacts(b)..............
261.9
249.4
(12.5)
(4.8)
Net operating income before provisions and 
impairments ((3)-(4))...................................................
102.4
114.9
12.5
12.2
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to 
credit institutions (5) .....................................................
185.1
54.3
(130.8)
(70.7)
Impairment of other financial assets (6)...........................
12.2
(0.2)
(12.4)
(101.8)
Impairment of other assets (7)..........................................
19.5
31.0
11.6
59.4
Other provisions (8)..........................................................
4.1
(4.6)
(8.7)
(213.4)
Net provisions and impairments ((5)+(6)+(7)+(8)) ......
220.8
80.5
(140.3)
(63.5)
Share of profits/(losses) booked under the equity method
.......................................................................................
(0.7)
0.0
0.7
(100.4)
Profit/(loss) before income tax.......................................
(119.1)
34.4
153.5
(128.9)
Income tax ........................................................................
(42.2)
25.3
67.5
(159.8)
Profit / (loss) after income tax from continuing 
operations.....................................................................
(76.9)
9.2
86.0
(111.9)
Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations .......................
(1.9)
(1.5)
0.5
(24.6)
Non-controlling interests ..................................................
1.9
1.1
(0.8)
(40.2)
Consolidated net income for the period attributable 
for the shareholder......................................................
(80.7)
6.6
87.3
(108.1)
________________
(a)
Other results is comprised by "Net gains/ (losses) arising from sale of other financial assets" and "Other operating income / 
(expense)"
(b)
Excluding the amount related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses arising from the operational 
adjustment measures (€29.5M in 2020 and €14.7Mn in 2021).
Total operating income amounted to €379.0 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to the 
value of €393.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This represented a decrease of 3.7 per cent. 
as a result of the decrease in Income from equity instruments and Income from financial operations given 
that in 2020 it was accounted gains with the sale of public debt securities, which were not repeated to the 
same extent in 2021, notwithstanding the favourable evolution of Net interest income and Net commissions.
Net interest income amounted to €243.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to the 
value of €242.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The change in Net interest income 
incorporates the positive effects of the lower interest paid on customer deposits and the favourable evolution 
of performing loans, despite the slowdown in the economic activity of Households and Companies. Net 
interest income in 2021 was adversely affected by the market interest rates, which remained at very low 
levels, affecting the profitability of operations and the repricing of the loan portfolio and the interest on the 
securities portfolio, as well as the increase in interest paid on subordinated debt issues and the synthetic 
securitisation operation on a performing SME loan portfolio settled in December 2020.
Low interest rates combined with excess liquidity resulted in a decline in Net Interest Income. In 2021 there 
was a decrease of €12.7 million in the interest and similar income associated with the Loans and advances 
to customers, a notable consequence of the low interest rate environment. Net interest income in 2021 was 
also negatively impacted by the decrease of €4.0 million observed in interest in the securities portfolio, 
which reflected the reduction of the average interest rate from 0.55 per cent. in 2020 to 0.35 per cent. in 
2021.
As a consequence of the plan to reinforce capital ratios, net interest income was negatively impacted by the 
intrinsic cost of the increase in subordinated debt and the synthetic securitisation operation, both with partial 
effect in 2020, completing only 12 months of interest accounting in year 2021.
The funding strategy and the investment of liquidity was decisive in compensating for the unfavourable 
effects on net interest income, benefiting from the minimum interest rate on the TLTRO on compliance 
with the net lending benchmark. In addition, there was an active management of the pricing of new deposits, 
as well as the renewal of existing deposits, and an increase in the proportion of demand deposits. 
Additionally, there was an active management of liabilities obtained from counterparties, with a reduction

--- Page 107 ---
10232074867-v29
- 99 -
70-41036336
in interest paid of €1.8 million compared to the previous year, and at the end of 2021 there was an 
amortisation of EIB funding lines with reduced residual maturities and higher interest rates, in the total 
amount of €350 million, which will have a favourable impact on net interest income in 2022.
The table below sets out the Issuer's net interest income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021.
31 December 2020
31 December 2021
(€ million)
Interest and similar income ................................................................................
Loans and advances to customers..........................................................................
267,459
254,724
Deposits from central banks and other loans and advances to credit institutions..
6,750
26,332
Other financial assets at amortised cost.................................................................
12,864
9,933
Financial assets held for trading ............................................................................
7,962
8,112
Hedging derivatives ...............................................................................................
6,566
6,580
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income .....................
1,920
896
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ...............................................
154
96
Other interest and similar income..........................................................................
5
12
303,680
306,685
Interest and similar expense ...............................................................................
Other subordinated debt.........................................................................................
17,468
19,939
Deposits from customers .......................................................................................
19,454
10,286
Debt securities issued.............................................................................................
9,287
8,761
Financial liabilities held for trading.......................................................................
7,239
7,764
Deposits from central banks and other credit institutions......................................
3,001
7,753
Hedging derivatives ...............................................................................................
3,187
2,050
Lease liabilities ......................................................................................................
1,152
707
Other interest and similar expense.........................................................................
98
5,922
60,886
63,182
Net interest income ..............................................................................................
242,794
243,503
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Net interest margin stood at 1.34 per cent., compared to 1.47 per 
cent. in 2020, due to the low interest rates and highly competitive environment, which continues to constrain 
the performance of net interest income.
The table below sets out a breakdown of the Issuer's net interest margin as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021.
BREAKDOWN OF NET INTEREST MARGIN
31 December 2020
31 December 2021
Avg. 
amount
Avg. rate 
(%)
Interest
Avg. 
amount
Avg. rate 
(%)
Interest
(€ 
million)
(€ 
million)
Interest – generating assets
Deposits at central banks and other credit 
institutions....................................................
889
(0.1)
(0.6)
2,203
(0.3)
(7.3)
Other loans and advances to other credit 
institutions....................................................
303
0.3
0.8
363
0.7
2.6
Loans and advances to customers....................
12,416
2.1
267.5
12,294
2.0
254.7
Securities portfolio(1)........................................
2,680
0.6
15.1
3,105
0.3
11.0
Other assets at fair value(2)...............................
10
1.5
0.2
9
1.1
0.1
Other (includes derivatives)(3)..........................
14.2
14.6
Interest and similar income..............................
16,299
1.8
297.2
17,974
1.5
275.6
Interest – generating liabilities
Deposits from ECB..........................................
1,452
(0.4)
(5.6)
2,532
(0.9)
(23.6)
Deposits from other credit institutions ............
587
0.4
2.1
827
0.0
0.3
Deposits from customers .................................
12,344
0.2
19.5
12,534
0.1
10.3
Senior debt.......................................................
1,338
0.7
9.3
1,421
0.6
8.8
Subordinated debt............................................
189
9.1
17.5
216
9.1
19.9
Other (includes derivatives)(4)..........................
11.7
16.4
Interest and similar expense ............................
15,909
0.3
54.4
17,530
0.2
32.1
Net interest income........................................
1.47
242.8
1.34
243.5
________________
(1)
Securities portfolio corresponds to the sum of Financial assets held for trading and Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.

--- Page 108 ---
10232074867-v29
- 100 -
70-41036336
(2)
Other assets at fair value corresponds to the sum of Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and Other interest and 
similar income.
(3)
Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Hedging derivatives and Other financial assets at amortised cost.
(4)
Other (includes derivatives) corresponds to the sum of Financial liabilities held for trading, Hedging derivatives, Lease liabilities 
and other interest and similar expense.
Within the scope of the adjustment programme, the strategy outlined to increase commissions is supported 
by an adequate pricing policy adjusted to the service provided, as well as a broad offer of financial solutions 
to meet the needs of clients taking into account their age and financial profile, making Banco Montepio the 
client's first or main bank, thereby increasing the client base and the level of client loyalty to Banco 
Montepio. The aim of this strategy is to increase the number of transactions and in turn the ability to charge 
commissions.
The net fee and commission income increased from €115.3 million in 2020 to €116.3 million in 2021, 
representing an increase of 0.9 per cent, notwithstanding the reduction in economic activity and transactions 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the effect of moratoria and applicable legislation regarding the 
charging of credit commissions, and the customer support measures implemented by Banco Montepio such 
as the suspension of commissions associated with some payment services. This evolution was due to the 
increase in market fees and commissions by €0.6 million and other fees and commissions by €3.6 million, 
which fully off-set the reduction in credit fees by €0.4 million and payment service commissions by €2.7 
million.
Results from financial operations
The results from financial operations amounted to €10.8 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
compared to €17.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, driven by the decrease in net gains / 
(losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (-€21.7 million), 
reflecting the higher gains on the sale of public debt and corporate debt securities in 2020 and, to a lesser 
extent, the reduction in results from foreign exchange revaluation (€3.9 million), related to exposure to 
Finibanco Angola.
The results from financial operations in 2021 also reflect the increase in net gains / (losses) arising from 
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which stood at -€0.3 million, compared to 
-€18.7 million in 2020 which was due to the impact of a loss making and derivative-linked loan sale 
operation recorded in 2020 in an amount of €12.8 million. This benefited from the increase in participation 
investment units income and was determined by the anticipated impact of the liquidation of the real estate 
investment funds managed by Norfin.
RESULTS FROM FINANCIAL OPERATIONS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021/2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.................
(18.7)
(0.3)
18.4
(98.6)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income .................
23.7
2.0
(21.7)
(91.4)
Net gains / (losses) arising from exchange differences ....
12.9
9.0
(3.9)
(30.1)
Results from financial operations..................................
17.9
10.8
(7.1)
(39.7)
of which: net capital gains obtained on the results 
from sales of Portuguese sovereign bonds ................
13.1
1.5
(11.6)
(88.5)
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Operating costs amounted to €264.1 million, representing a 9.3 per 
cent. decrease compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, due to the costs related to the staff adjustment 
plan (€13.8 million) and the sale of non-strategic assets (€0.9 million). If Banco Montepio excluded these 
one-off costs, Operating costs would have decreased by €12.5 million (a decrease of 4.8 per cent.) compared 
to 2020.
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Staff costs amounted to €164.2 million, compared to €189.3 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2020, as a result of costs related to the staff adjustment plan amounting to 
€13.8 million. These costs include costs incurred in connection with early retirement and voluntary 
redundancy options, as well as pension fund contributions, indemnities and health care expenses. If these 
costs were excluded, Staff costs would have decreased by €9.5 million (a decrease of 5.9 per cent.) 
compared to 2020.

--- Page 109 ---
10232074867-v29
- 101 -
70-41036336
In the staff costs aggregate, it should be noted that the item Remuneration fell by €7.0 million compared to 
2020, and that the item Charges with Pension Fund fell by €12.4 million, showing the impact of the 
reduction of both respective liabilities.
General and administrative expenses amounted to €64.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
reflecting a €2.3 million reduction in comparison to the €67.0 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This decrease was due to the reductions registered in maintenance and repairs (-€1.2 million), in water, 
energy and fuel (-€0.5 million), in transportation (-€0.4 million), and in current consumption material (-
€0.4 million), despite the increase registered in the specialised services aggregate, which includes other 
specialised services, IT, and independent work (+€0.4 million) and in training (+€0.4 million). If the one-
off costs relating to the sale of non-strategic assets had not been incurred, General administrative expenses 
would have decreased by €3.2 million (a decrease of 4.8 per cent.) compared to 2020.
Depreciation and amortisation totalled €35.3 million (+0.5 per cent.) in 2021, compared to €35.1 million in 
2020, evidencing the investment related to the digital and technological transformation plan.
In 2021, the cost-to-income ratio, excluding the non-recurring costs related with the measures to adjust the 
workforce and the non-strategic assets sale, and the more volatile components of income, such as Income 
from financial operations and Other income (Income from the sale of other assets and Other operating 
income), stood at 69.0 per cent. compared to 72.5 per cent. in 2020, reflecting the reduction in Operating 
costs.
The table below sets out the Issuer's operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021.
OPERATING COSTS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021 / 2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Staff Costs ....................................................................
189.3
164.2
(25.1)
(13.3)
General and administrative expenses ...........................
67.0
64.7
(2.3)
(3.4)
Depreciation and amortisation......................................
35.1
35.3
0.2
0.5
Operating costs ...........................................................
291.4
264.1
(27.2)
(9.3)
Operating costs (comparable)(a) ................................
261.9
249.4
(12.5)
(4.8)
Efficiency ratios ...........................................................
Cost-to-income (Operating costs (comparable) / Total 
operating income) (a)..................................................
66.5%
65.8%
(0.7)
p.p.
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating 
income) (b)..................................................................
74.0%
69.7%
(4.3)
p.p.
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts (c).............
80.7%
73.0%
(7.6)
p.p.
Cost-to-income, excluding specific impacts and 
adjustment costs (d) ....................................................
72.5%
69.0%
(3.5)
p.p.
________________
(a)
Excludes the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €29.5Mn in 2020 and of €14.7Mn in 2021, driven by 
the adjustment programme.
(b)
Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version.
(c)
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income).
(d)
Excludes Results from financial operations and Other income (proceeds from the sale of other assets and other operating income) 
and the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses of €29.5Mn in 2020 and of €14.7Mn in 2021, driven by the 
adjustment programme.
Impairments and provisions
The total net provisions and impairments amounted to €80.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
reflecting a decrease of €140.3 million (-63.5 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 
when the main impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was recorded. This was due to a decrease of €130.8 
million in Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions, €12.4 million in 
Impairment of other financial assets and €8.7 million in Other provisions, notwithstanding the increase of 
€11.6 million in Impairment of other assets.
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit 
institutions amounted to €54.3 million, compared to €185.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 
(a decrease of €130.8 million), mainly due to the lower impairment charge for the year net of reversals for 
loans and advances to customers, of €55.6 million in 2021, compared to €187.8 million in 2020, a year that

--- Page 110 ---
10232074867-v29
- 102 -
70-41036336
was extraordinarily impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, both in the forward looking 
component and as a result of moratoria and stage transitions. The evolution of Loan impairment in 2021 
also benefited from the higher level of recovery of loans and interest on loans already written off, which 
reached the value of €4.8 million compared to €2.6 million in 2020. In 2021, the Gross loans and advances 
to customers decreased by €168 million to €12,189 million when compared to 31 December 2020. The two 
combined effects led to a reduction of the cost of credit risk to 0.4 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2021, compared to 1.5 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020.
The aggregate of other impairments and provisions, related to other financial assets, to other assets and to 
provisions, amounted to €26.2 million in 2021 which compares with €35.7 million in 2020, reflecting the 
lower allocations to other financial assets and to other provisions, which in this case include provisioning 
for off-balance sheet exposures, and the reinforcement of impairment for other assets arising from 
impairments recorded for investment properties.
The Impairment of other financial assets amounted to -€0.2 million (a decrease of €12.4 million) compared 
to €12.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This is due to the reversal of impairment for Angolan 
public debt securities held by Finibanco Angola, following the upward revision of the rating assigned by 
Moody's, as well as the amortisation of Angolan debt securities, Additionally, in 2020, there was an initial 
allocation of impairment relating to the reinforcement of investment in public debt portfolio.
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Impairment of other assets amounted to €31.0 million, 
representing an increase of €11.6 million compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, being mainly 
comprised of impairments relating to real estate, essentially referring to the process of updating valuations 
of investment properties and following the assessments carried out by independent appraisers on a number 
of branches closed down as part of the resizing process of Banco Montepio's retail network.
Other provisions amounted to -€4.6 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, representing a reduction 
of €8.7 million compared to €4.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This reduction was mainly 
due to the reversal of provisions within the scope of the repurchases carried out in relation to the Atlas I 
operation of €2.4 million and the reversal of €2.3 million regarding legal proceedings filed by the Bank of 
Portugal.
IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021 / 2020
Amount
%
(€ million)
Impairment of loans and advances to customers and to credit institutions
185.1
54.3
(130.8)
(70.7)
Impairment of other financial assets...........................................................
12.2
(0.2)
(12.4)
(101.8)
Impairment of other assets..........................................................................
19.5
31.0
11.6
59.4
Other provisions..........................................................................................
4.1
(4.6)
(8.7)
(213.4)
Net provisions and impairment ...............................................................
220.8
80.5
(140.3)
(63.5)
International activity
The international activity of the Banco Montepio Group has been conducted by its subsidiaries Finibanco 
Angola, Banco MG Cabo Verde, which is in the process of voluntary dissolution and liquidation since 30 
November 2021. As at 31 December 2021, foreign operations represented 0.9 per cent. of total assets, 0.4 
per cent. of total gross loans and advances to customers and 0.6 per cent. of total customer resources. 
Additionally, as at 31 December 2021 Banco Montepio maintained its five representative offices (Frankfurt, 
Geneva, Paris, Newark and Toronto) that seeks to ensure the Issuer's presence with Portuguese communities 
living abroad.
In 2015, following a strategic review of its international business and its determination to increase its focus 
on domestic operations, Banco Montepio entered into an agreement to sell shares representing 30.6 per 
cent. of the share capital of Finibanco Angola. The agreement was executed and the respective payments 
will be settled over the time. Under this agreement, Banco Montepio sold shareholdings of 0.20 per cent. 
and 1.15 per cent. of the share capital of this subsidiary in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Thus, as at 31 
December 2020, the Banco Montepio Group still had control of Finibanco Angola and an effective stake 
of 80.2 per cent. of voting rights, and a series of steps are underway for the deconsolidation of this 
subsidiary.

--- Page 111 ---
10232074867-v29
- 103 -
70-41036336
In a public announcement on 10 May 2019, Banco Montepio announced that its subsidiary Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A. started negotiations with shareholders of Banco de Negócios Internacional, S.A. 
(Angola) with a view to a merger between Finibanco Angola and Banco de Negócios Internacional, S.A. 
(Angola). It is the intention of the parties to attract the participation of international strategic partners for 
this operation, thus contributing to the consolidation, strengthening and opening up of the Angolan banking 
and financial system. The Angolan and Portuguese regulatory authorities were informed about this 
negotiation process. The development and conclusion of the negotiations are dependent on the necessary 
procedures with the shareholders and the Angolan authorities. The National Bank of Angola conducted a 
review of the quality of the assets of the commercial banks in Angola with a view to learn about the financial 
health of these institutions. The move was part of the recommendation of the International Monetary Fund, 
under the agreement signed with the Angolan government, which also entailed assessment of the credits 
granted by commercial banks, in order to obtain an accurate assessment of the country's banking sector. 
The asset quality review was completed on 31 December 2019 and found that a small number of banks 
(mainly Banco de Poupança e Crédito, S.A. and Banco Económico S.A., which accounted for about 96 per 
cent. of the total recapitalisation needs) would need to adjust their capital structure in order to comply with 
minimum regulatory capital requirements, with reference to 31 December 2018.
Banco Montepio is closely monitoring the banking consolidation process in Angola and continues to work 
towards the deconsolidation of its share in Finibanco Angola. Banco Montepio will provide the necessary 
information relating to the outcome of this process and the potential execution of the transfer of Finibanco 
Angola's shares under the agreement signed in 2015, when appropriate, by way of a press release published 
on CMVM's website.
Finibanco Angola, in which, as at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio held 80.2 per cent. of the voting 
rights, is a universal bank supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals and Angolan foreign 
trade with special focus on transactions between Portugal and Angola, which seeks to leverage its 
competitive advantage on the quality of its service. Under its strategy, Finibanco Angola seeks to advise 
and finance individual customers and micro-enterprises, promoting viable business initiatives.
Finibanco Angola completed 13 years of activity in September 2021, having been incorporated on 4 
September 2007 and having started its activity in the city of Luanda on 9 June 2008. The expansion of the 
distribution network, levered on experience and the favourable evolution of its activity, has been 
accomplished through own funding, in the perspective of proximity to its Customers, which include a total 
of 20 branches and corporate centres as at 31 December 2021, having closed four branches at the beginning 
of 2021 with a view to optimising its distribution channels.
Banco MG Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., 100 per cent. held by Banco Montepio, provides a 
broad offer of specialised financial products and services for the segments of individuals, institutional and 
companies with international vocation. Considering the new legal framework of Cape Verde and having 
considered all relevant strategic options, Banco Montepio's Board of Directors concluded that it would not 
promote the necessary changes to adapt its subsidiary Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde Sociedade 
Unipessoal, S.A., as a bank with generic authorisation.
Therefore, through an unanimous written resolution dated 30 November 2021, Banco Montepio, as sole 
shareholder, approved the procedural initiatives established by law relating to the voluntary dissolution and 
liquidation of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., having also approved the 
respective Dissolution Plan and appointed the liquidators. Under the terms of the Dissolution Plan, the 
liquidators must prepare the final accounts accompanied by the complete liquidation report and the project 
for the distribution of the remaining assets until 30 June 2022.
The table below presents key indicators on the activity and results of the Banco Montepio Group's 
international business.
Activity and Results
31 
December 
2020
31 
December 
2021
2021 / 2020 Change
Amount
%
(€ million)
Total assets.............................................................................................
354.7
228.2
(126.5)
(35.7)
Loans and advances to customers (net)..................................................
32.3
41.8
9.6
29.6
Deposits from customers........................................................................
271.6
140.7
(130.9)
(48.2)

--- Page 112 ---
10232074867-v29
- 104 -
70-41036336
31 
December 
2020
31 
December 
2021
2021 / 2020 Change
Amount
%
(€ million)
Total operating income ..........................................................................
28.4
12.3
(16.1)
(56.8)
Operating costs.......................................................................................
11.5
11.8
0.3
2.6
Cost-to-Income.......................................................................................
40.4%
96.1%
55.7
p.p.
Net income .............................................................................................
8.8
7.7
(1.2)
(13.2)
________________
Note: For comparative purposes: the financial statements of December 2019 and December 2020 of Finibanco Angola were converted 
using the same exchange rate: AOA/EUR 629.015.
The Total assets of the international activity of the Banco Montepio Group reached €228.2 million as at 31 
December 2021, compared to €354.7 million as at 31 December 2020, representing a reduction of 35.7 per 
cent. This decrease was due to the reduction in total assets of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde as a result 
of the voluntary winding up and liquidation process that began on 30 November 2021, and to a lesser extent 
by the 8.1 per cent. decrease in the Total assets of Finibanco Angola, driven by the decrease in the securities 
portfolio, namely Angolan public debt securities in the balance sheet, in comparison with the end of 2020.
Loans and advances to customers (net) of the international activity as at 31 December 2021 showed an 
increase of 29.6 per cent. compared to 31 December 2020, rising from €32.3 million as at 31 December 
2020 to €41.8 million as at 31 December 2021.
Deposits from customers captured by the subsidiaries forming the international activity of the Banco 
Montepio Group amounted to €140.7 million as at 31 December 2021, a decrease of 48.2 per cent. compared 
to €271.6 million as at 31 December 2020. This reflects the reduction in customer deposits of Banco MG 
Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., following the voluntary winding up and liquidation process that 
began on 30 November 2021.
The Total operating income of the international activity in the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to 
€12.3 million, compared to €28.4 million in 2020. This represents a decrease of 56.8 per cent.
The Operating costs of the international activity amounted to €11.8 million in the year ended 31 December 
2021, a 2.6 per cent. increase compared to the €11.5 million in the year ended 31 December 2020.
As a result of the operating performance, the Cost-to-income ratio of the international activity was 96.1 per 
cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to 40.4 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020.
Finibanco Angola, S.A.
The total Assets of Finibanco Angola as at 31 December 2021, totalled €218.7 million, compared to €238.1 
million recorded at the end of 2020 (-8.1 per cent.). This was driven by the decrease in the securities 
portfolio, namely Angolan Public Debt securities in the balance sheet compared to the values as at the end 
of 2020 (-51.4 per cent.), partially offset by the increase in the portfolio of Loans and advances to customers 
(+29.6 per cent.).
Loans and advances to customers (net) increased to €41.8 million at 31 December 2021, representing an 
increase of 29.6 per cent. from €32.3 million at 31 December 2020. Customer deposits, at 31 December 
2021, stood at €140.7 million, compared to €163.2 million at 31 December 2020, representing a reduction 
of 13.8 per cent.
The aggregate of the captions Cash and deposits at central banks and Other credit institutions (OCI) includes 
the balances recorded under Cash and deposits at central banks and Cash and deposits at credit institutions. 
At 31 December 2021, this aggregate totalled €55.0 million, in line with the previously mentioned decrease 
in Customer deposits.
As at 31 December 2021, Operating income reached €11.8 million, representing a decrease of €15.9 million 
from €27.7 million in 2020, mainly due to the unfavourable impact of Foreign exchange revaluation results 
(-€15.3 million) and, to a lesser extent, the impact of Other operating income (-€1.7 million), despite the 
increase in Net interest income (+€0.9 million) and Net commissions (+€0.2 million).
Operating costs stood at €11.3 million in 2021, showing an increase of €0.4 million compared to 2020 
(€10.9 million). The increase in operating costs in 2021 was motivated by the increases in the Staff costs

--- Page 113 ---
10232074867-v29
- 105 -
70-41036336
(+3.7 per cent.) and in the General administrative costs (+13.9 per cent.), despite the decrease in 
Depreciation and amortisation (-17.2 per cent.) compared to 2020.
As a result of operating performance, marked by the unfavourable evolution of exchange rate revaluation 
results, Finibanco Angola's cost-to-income ratio stood at 96.1 per cent. in 2021, compared to 39.4 per cent. 
in 2020. In 2021, despite the unfavourable currency revaluation, the net income of Finibanco Angola 
reached €6.4 million (€9.5 million in 2020), without considering non-controlling interests and exchange 
rate effects.
Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. – under liquidation
As Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A. was undergoing voluntary dissolution 
and liquidation at the time, its financial statements for the year 2021 were prepared as a bank in liquidation 
and in accordance with IFRS as approved by the European Union noting that the activity of Banco 
Montepio Geral Cabo Verde is part of the consolidation perimeter of Banco Montepio, its sole shareholder. 
The financial statements were prepared on an assumption of non-continuity of operations.
On 31 December 2021, the assets of Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A., 
totalled €9.5 million, and all the deposits in credit institutions abroad were with Banco Montepio.
In 2021, Operating income stood at €0.5 million, representing a reduction of €0.2 million compared to the 
value recorded in the same period of 2020, as a result of the decrease in Net interest income, Results from 
foreign exchange revaluation and Other operating results, notwithstanding the favourable evolution of Net 
commissions.
Operating costs stood at €0.5 million on 31 December 2021, representing a reduction of 16.8 per cent. 
compared to the value recorded in the same period in 2020, facilitated by the decrease recorded in Staff 
costs (-25.2 per cent.), in general administrative expenses (-12.2 per cent.) and in amortisations (-34.2 per 
cent.).
In 2021, Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, Sociedade Unipessoal, S.A.'s, net income reached €1.2 
million, which compares with the value of -€0.6 million reached in the same period of 2020, benefiting 
from the reversal of impairment for credit risks related to investments in Other Credit Institutions, following 
the withdrawal of deposits in credit institutions.
Key indicators
The table below sets out the Issuer's key indicators as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021 
/ 2020
(€ million)
ACTIVITY AND RESULTS
Total assets.........................................................................................................
17,941
19,713
9.9%
Gross loans and advances to customers(a) ..........................................................
12,357
12,189
(1.4%)
Deposits from customers....................................................................................
12,502
12,787
2.3%
Consolidated net income for the period attributable to the shareholders...........
-81
7
(108.1)
SOLVENCY (b)
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio..............................................................................
11.6%
12.7%
1.1 p.p.
Tier 1 ratio..........................................................................................................
11.6%
12.7%
1.1 p.p.
Total Capital ratio ..............................................................................................
13.8%
15.1%
1.3 p.p.
Leverage ratio ....................................................................................................
6.0%
5.6%
(0.4) p.p.
Risk weighted assets (€ million)........................................................................
9,577
8,800
(8.1%)
LOAN TO DEPOSIT RATIOS
Loans and advances to customers / Deposits from customers (c)........................
92.6%
91.2%
(1.4) p.p.
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customer resources (d)....
83.9%
81.0%
(2.9) p.p.
CREDIT QUALITY
Cost of credit risk...............................................................................................
1.5%
0.4%
(1.1) p.p.
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days ................................
5.1%
3.0%
(2.1) p.p.
Coverage of loans and interest - overdue by more than 90 days by 
Impairment for Credit Risks...........................................................................
124.4%
144.4%
20.0 p.p.
Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) / Gross loans and advances to customers
10.4%
8.0%
(2.4) p.p.
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by Impairment for credit 
risks ................................................................................................................
60.4%
53.5%
(6.9) p.p.
Coverage of Non-performing exposures (NPE) (e) by Impairment for credit 
risks and associated collaterals and financial guarantees...............................
93.0%
96.0%
3.0 p.p.
Forborne exposures (e) / Gross loans and advances to customers.......................
6.6%
5.1%
(1.5) p.p.

--- Page 114 ---
10232074867-v29
- 106 -
70-41036336
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
Change 2021 
/ 2020
(€ million)
PROFITABILITY AND EFFICIENCY
Total operating income / Average total assets (c)................................................
2.2%
2.0%
(0.2) p.p.
Profit before income tax / Average total assets (c) ..............................................
-0.7%
0.2%
0.9 p.p.
Profit before income tax / Average total equity (c) .............................................
-8.8%
2.4%
11.2 p.p.
Cost-to-income (Operating costs / Total operating income) (c) ..........................
74.0%
69.7%
(4.3) p.p.
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and adjustment costs (f) (g).............
72.5%
69.0%
(3.5) p.p.
Staff costs / Total operating income (c)...............................................................
48.1%
43.3%
(4.8) p.p.
EMPLOYEES AND DISTRIBUTION NETWORK (Number)
Employees
Group Banco Montepio......................................................................................
3,721
3,478
(243)
Banco Montepio.................................................................................................
3,326
3,121
(205)
Branches
Domestic network - Banco Montepio................................................................
298
261
(37)
Of which: Proximity Branches...........................................................................
7
7
0
Of which: BEM Corporate Centres....................................................................
7
7
0
International Network ........................................................................................
24
20
(4)
Finibanco Angola (h)...........................................................................................
24
20
(4)
Representation Offices - Banco Montepio.........................................................
5
5
0
________________
(a)
Gross loans and advances to customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding Impairment for credit risks.
(b)
Pursuant to CRD IV / CRR (phasing-in). The ratios include the accumulated net income for the period.
(c)
Pursuant to Banco de Portugal Instruction No. 16/2004, in its current version.
(d)
Total on-balance sheet customer resources = Deposits from customers and debt securities issued. Computed in accordance with 
the Financial Statements annexed to this report.
(e)
EBA definition.
(f)
Excludes results from financial operations and other operating results (net gains arising from the sale of other financial assets and 
other operating income).
(g)
The value related to the increase in staff costs and general administrative expenses generated by the adjustment programme 
(€29.5Mn in 2020 and €14.7Mn) was not considered in the calculation of this ratio.
(h)
Includes corporate centres.
Employees
As 2021 was the second year of the COVID-19 pandemic, Banco Montepio Group's initiatives were driven 
by the need to ensure the protection and safety of its employees. In 2020, Banco Montepio Group continued 
resizing its staff with the aim of aligning its efficiency indicators with the broader sector (the 2020/2021 
Programme; see – "Strategy" above) and made a series of employee benefits available in relation to Health 
Protection, Maintenance of Credit Conditions, Outplacement Service and Social Protection in the event of 
unemployment.
As at 31 December 2021, the Banco Montepio Group had a total of 3,478 employees (compared to 3,721 
as at 31 December 2020), 89.7 per cent. of which were employees of Banco Montepio (amounting to 3,121). 
As at 31 December 2021, the decrease of 6.5 per cent. compared to the same period in 2020, largely resulted 
from the implementation of the 2020/2021 Programme, and to a lesser extent from the sale of Montepio 
Valor - SGOIC, S.A. in December 2021, which resulted in a reduction of 22 employees. As at 31 December 
2021, only 5.9 per cent. of Banco Montepio Group employees were based internationally (in Finibanco 
Angola), whereas the remaining 94.1 per cent. were allocated to the domestic activity (of which 95.4 per 
cent. were Banco Montepio's employees).
1Q2022 consolidated activity and results (unaudited)
In the first quarter of 2022, Banco Montepio's consolidated net income reached €11.4 million, which 
compares with -€15.9 million in the same period of 2021, mainly due to the positive contributions of net 
operating income, operating costs and also the lower allocations to impairments and provisions, in particular 
those related to credit risk.
Core operating income for the first quarter of 2022, comprising net interest income and commissions, 
evolved favourably as compared to the first quarter of 2021, rising by 3.4 per cent.
Loans and advances to customers (net of impairment) totalled €11,796 million at 31 March 2022, showing 
an increase of €128 million compared to the amount recorded at the end of 2021.
Customer deposits totalled €12,842 million in 31 March 2022, showing an increase of €302 million (+2.4 
per cent.) over the €12,540 million recorded at the end of 31 March 2021, despite the maintenance of low 
interest rate levels.

--- Page 115 ---
10232074867-v29
- 107 -
70-41036336
The aggregate of the balance sheet item Cash and Deposits at Central Banks and the market value of assets 
eligible to obtain liquidity from the ECB, resulting in the liquidity buffer, stood at €3.9 billion as at 31 
March 2022.
The quality of the loan portfolio, assessed by the ratio of non-performing exposures (NPE) to total Gross 
loans, evolved favourably, with the NPE ratio standing at 7.8 per cent. at the end of March 2022, compared 
to 10.7 per cent. as at 31 March 2021, reflecting the favourable impact of the measures that have been 
implemented in the area of loan recovery and the sale of portfolios.
At the end of March 2022, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio stood at 12.7 per cent., in line with the 
ratio reported at the end of 2021, on a phasing-in basis, and at 12.2 per cent. (11.8 per cent. at the end of 
2021) according to the fully implemented rules, comfortably above the minimum regulatory requirements 
of 9.08 per cent..
The Total Capital ratio (phasing-in) moved to 15.0 per cent. (compared to 15.1 per cent. at the end of 2021) 
and the fully implemented ratio increased to 14.6 per cent. (14.2 per cent. at the end of 2021), also above 
the minimum requirement of 14.01 per cent.
Lending Policies and Procedures
Credit risk is associated with the uncertainty of expected returns due to the inability of both the borrower 
(and his guarantor, if any), or the issuer of a security or counterparty to comply with its obligations.
The credit risk management process is based on the existence of a robust process of credit analysis and 
decision-making, prepared on a set of tools supporting the credit decision process. The quantification of 
credit risk is also supported in the model for calculating impairment losses.
The fundamental principle of credit risk analysis is independence towards business decisions. In this 
analysis instruments are used and rules defined according to the materiality of the exposures, familiarity 
with the types of risk involved (e.g. the modeling capacity of such risks) and the liquidity of the instruments.
Credit risk models play a significant role in the credit decision process. The credit decision process depends 
on a group of policies based on scoring models developed for individual and business customers and the 
rating for the corporate sector.
Regarding the analysis methodologies, within the credit risk, the credit risk techniques and models are 
based on econometric modeling, based on the institution's experience in granting various types of credit 
facilities and, where possible, recovery.
Credit decisions are dependent upon risk ratings and compliance with various rules governing financial 
capacity and applicants' behavior.
There are scoring models for the admission of individuals to the retail portfolios, namely for mortgage 
loans, individual loans, and credit cards.
Individual Entrepreneurs (Empresários em nome individual - ENI) and Micro businesses are considered 
part of the retail segment, and therefore scoring models specific to the retail segment are applied.
There are also behavioural scoring models for retail portfolios, which are used to monitor the credit portfolio 
and to evaluate new credit proposals, and these are coupled with application scoring information, where 
applicable.
Regarding non-retail credit portfolios, internal rating models are used for small, medium and large 
companies, distinguished by business sectors, such as the third sector, or by the life-span of the company's 
activity, namely start-up companies.
Regardless of the typology of the applicable model, any proposal, contract or credit customer is classified 
into a single risk scale class, in ascending order of probability of default, composed of 19 classes, of which 
the first 15 classes correspond to performing risk classes, classes 16 to 18 to credit incidents and class 19 
to default, in accordance with the applicable internal definition, which follows the regulators' prudential 
requirements.

--- Page 116 ---
10232074867-v29
- 108 -
70-41036336
It is possible to exceed the response of scoring systems, internal ratings and internal price lists, only by 
higher decision levels, in accordance with principles of delegation of responsibilities set out. Rejection 
situations are defined in order to minimise the risk of adverse selection, however there is always a risk class 
for rejection.
Intervention limits are also defined for the different decisions, by amount of operation and global customer 
exposure, type of operation / collateral and assigned risk class. In this context, the principle that higher 
hierarchical positions have to approve operations with higher exposures is highlighted. These limits are 
approved by the Board of Directors, and the highest decision scale corresponds to the Board of Directors. 
At intermediate stages, it is compulsory to intervene in a collegial system of at least two players, one 
belonging to the commercial network and the other to the Department of Specialised Credit Analysis 
(independent body of the commercial structure) as well as the Risk Division, which is responsible for the 
development of credit risk models (scoring and rating), and for the monitoring of Banco Montepio's risk 
control, on a global basis.
Risk analysis involves regular internal reporting on key types of risk. Within credit risk, monthly internal 
reports are prepared, with the main risk indicators of credit portfolios and metrics on the use of rating / 
scoring models. In terms of preventive monitoring, an alert system for early warning signs is in place for 
the main indicators of credit risk tightening.
With respect to credit impairment, IFRS 9 establishes the need to recognise Expected Credit Losses 
("ECL") as impairment for all financial assets that meet the Solely Payment of Principal and Interest 
("SPPI") criteria, considering the expected loss of credit at one year, or the expected loss of credit until the 
maturity of the financial instrument (ECL lifetime).
The criteria for the determination of impairment of individually significant loans
All customers or economic groups that meet the following conditions are subject to individual analysis:
1.
Economic Groups with a global exposure amount ≥€0.5 million in which at least one of the 
participants is the holder of operations classified as stage 3, with customers with an exposure 
amount ≥ €0.1 million being selected;
2.
Customers holding stage 2 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million and customers with 
an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million that are part of the same Economic Group;
3.
Customers holding stage 1 operations with an exposure amount ≥ €2.5 million;
4.
Customers corresponding to Shareholding Management Companies ("SGPS") and/or Customers 
holding loans under Project Finance with an exposure amount ≥ €1.0 million;
5.
Other customers when duly justified.
For the exposure of customers or economic groups, all active credit operations (on- and off-balance sheet) 
are considered, excluding the operations subject to write-off.
The individual analysis is the responsibility of the Specialised Credit Analysis Department and in the 
evaluation of impairment losses the following factors are essentially considered:

total exposure of each customer and/or economic group, internal rating of the customer and/or 
economic group, the stage associated with each operation and the existence of signs of impairment;

economic and financial viability of the customer or economic group and the respective ability to 
generate future cash flows to pay the debt;

existence of collaterals associated with each credit and their respective valuation;

customers' or guarantors' net assets;

situation of bankruptcy or insolvency of the customers and/or guarantors; and

expectation regarding the credit recovery period.

--- Page 117 ---
10232074867-v29
- 109 -
70-41036336
The recoverable amount is determined by the sum of the expected cash flows, estimated in accordance with 
the contractual conditions in force and according to the underlying collection expectations, discounted at 
the original effective interest rate of the contract. An impairment adjustment is made when the expected 
cash flows are lower than the contractual cash flows due by the customer.
For the determination of the expected cash flows different recovery strategies are used, which may include 
the going concern method and the gone concern method:

In case of the continuity of operations (going concern) a critical analysis is done of the companies' 
business plans or other elements available for analysis, which should include information on past 
events, current conditions and projected future economic conditions (forward-looking scenarios), 
with these being representative of the current and future economic-financial situation of the 
customer. For the calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually projected cash 
flows, after adjustment of the initially estimated assumptions and the application of haircuts, if 
necessary, and considering deviations of the real figures from those initially projected, are 
discounted at the original effective interest rate of the operations;

In the case of the cessation of the activity (gone concern) the settlement through collaterals, if these 
exist, is assumed, with an exhaustive analysis being made of same, namely regarding the value of 
mortgage/pledge, valuation amount, valuation date and need for the application of haircuts, 
according to the ageing of the valuation or other factors, the deadline for the foreclosure/execution, 
and the deadline for the sale, as well as the associated maintenance and selling costs. For the 
calculation of the impairment of these customers, the annually projected cash flows, after 
adjustments, are discounted at the original effective interest rate.
For each recovery strategy, the respective expected loss of credit is calculated, considering different 
forward-looking scenarios, weighted by the respective probability of occurrence. For specific cases, it is 
possible to use strategies that combine with either the going concern or the gone concern methods.
Credit Recovery Policy
In 2020, Banco Montepio implemented a reorganisation project relating to non-performing credit recovery 
whereby processes were established with the main focus on enhancing efficiency of operations from the 
early stages of default. This involved implementing a lean process redesign and standard predefined cure 
approaches.
Standard pre-defined approaches are differentiated by segment and credit features, depending on length of 
time for cash shortages (short term, medium or long term recoveries), willingness of customers to cooperate, 
collateral valuation, litigious treatment, and not providing the ability to reduce guarantees.
Standard pre-defined treatments, are part of the new practices implemented to reduce the recovery process 
cycle, and therefore enabling more cost effective cure strategies with less impact on the Issuer's net income. 
Law firms pre-appointed by the Issuer deal with all the judicial recovery processes, regardless of the 
complexity of the process or the exposure amount to be recovered.
In 2021, Banco Montepio implemented new settlement plans and related decision levels for loans in arrears 
with less than 1 month through standardised recovery solutions available to the branches' teams to enhance 
the recovery procedures and modus operandum from the early stages of default.
The Banco Montepio Group has adopted forbearance measures and practices, aligned in terms of risk, in 
order to adjust the disposable income or the financial capacity of customers to their debt service. On this 
basis, the recommendations legislated in the scope of the default regimes (Decree-Law no. 227/2012, of 25 
October) and for companies (SIREVE, PER, PEAP, PEVE, RERE) were adopted, with these being widely 
disclosed in the institutional website, in the internal rules and communications, to be disclosed and 
implemented vis-à-vis customers presenting evidence of financial difficulties.
Regarding the forbearance measures and in accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 
9 January 2015, contractual changes were considered (grace period of the principal, extension of the term, 
deferral of the principal, etc.) as were the consolidation of debts in another contract with conditions adjusted 
to the customer's current situation.

--- Page 118 ---
10232074867-v29
- 110 -
70-41036336
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio is implementing external servicing of insolvency 
portfolios by specialised law firms. Additionally, it is engaging servicers (with an end-to-end strategy) for 
the Retail portfolios without guarantees.
Within the scope of the ongoing reorganisation, several measures were implemented to adjust the structure 
and the recovery operating model, in order to better implement and guarantee compliance with the strategy 
outlined for Banco Montepio regarding the reduction of the stock of NPLs. As a result of this reorganisation, 
two separate departments were created, one for handling Corporate and Mid-Corporate portfolios and the 
other for Small Business portfolios.
The monitoring of non-judicial customers was also reviewed, as well as the Organic Statute and the 
regulations governing credit recovery.
As at 31 December 2021, the loan and advances to customers' portfolio included loans amounting to €622.3 
million (compared to €817.2 million as at 31 December 2020) that, given the customers' financial 
difficulties, were subject to amendments of the initial conditions. These loans had an impairment of €255.2 
million as at 31 December 2021 (compared to €368.1 million as at 31 December 2020).
Additionally, the restructured loans and advances to customers' portfolio includes contracts that resulted in 
a formal restructuring with the customers and the consequent celebration of a new loan to replace the 
previous loans. The restructuring may result from a reinforcement of guarantees and/or liquidation of part 
of the loan and involve an extension of maturities or a change in the interest rate. The analysis of 
restructured loans as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, by credit type, is as follows:
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
Corporate
Loans.......................................................................................................................................
175,732
104,069
Current account loans..............................................................................................................
9,669
3,241
Finance leases..........................................................................................................................
1,276
3,503
Other loans ..............................................................................................................................
949
5,137
Retail
Mortgage loans........................................................................................................................
2,778
11,602
Consumer credit and other loans.............................................................................................
6,993
17,598
197,397
145,150
Restructured loans are also subject to an impairment analysis that results from the revaluation of the 
expectations given the new cash flows inherent to the new contractual conditions, discounted at the original 
effective interest rate, and considering the new collaterals presented.
As at 31 December 2021, the impairment charges on the restructured loans not yet due amounted to €54.8 
million, which corresponds to an impairment rate of 37.7 per cent. (compared to €79.0 million and 
impairment rate of 40.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020).
The total amount of principal and interest recovered in written-off loans as at 31 December 2021 amounted 
to €4,820 thousand compared to €2,634 thousand as at 31 December 2020.
Banco Montepio uses real and financial collaterals as instruments to mitigate credit risk. The real collaterals 
correspond mainly to mortgages on residential properties in the scope of housing loans and mortgages on 
other types of properties in the scope of other types of loans. To reflect the market value of these, they are 
reviewed regularly based on valuations conducted by certified independent appraiser entities or through the 
use of revaluation coefficients that reflect the trend in the market for the type of property and the 
geographical area. The financial collaterals are revalued based on market values of the respective assets, 
when available, with certain depreciation coefficients being applied to reflect their volatility. Most of the 
real collaterals are revalued at least once a year.
The following tables show total NPEs (as per EBA definition) and total impairment charges as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021:
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
(a) Stock of Non-performing exposures..................................................................................
1,289,555
975,302

--- Page 119 ---
10232074867-v29
- 111 -
70-41036336
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
(b) Gross loans and advances to customers.............................................................................
12,357,216
12,189,465
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers (a / b) ..................
10.4%
8.0%
31 December 
2020
31 December 
2021
(€ thousand)
(a) Impairment for credit risks ................................................................................................
779,514
521,777
(b) Stock of Non-performing exposures .................................................................................
1,289,555
975,302
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks (a / b) .............
60.4%
53.5%
Risk Management
The Banco Montepio Group is exposed to several risks the most relevant of which in the financial 
component being credit, concentration, market, interest rate, banking portfolio market, foreign currency, 
liquidity, real estate, and Pension Fund risks. Additionally, the Banco Montepio Group is subject to other 
non-financial risks, namely operating, reputation, and strategy and business risks. Depending on the nature 
and relevance of the risk, plans, programs, or actions are designed, supported by information systems and 
procedures providing a high degree of reliability as regards risk management measures established in due 
course. For all risks identified as material, Banco Montepio has implemented a process for the identification 
and review of same, being subject to regular monitoring and mitigation actions in order to reduce potential 
losses for the Banco Montepio Group.
The control and the efficient management of risk play a key role in the balanced and sustained development 
of Banco Montepio. In addition to contributing to the optimisation of the profitability/risk binomial of the 
various lines of business, they also ensure the maintenance of an adequate risk profile in terms of solvency 
and liquidity.
The monitoring of these risks is centralised in the Risk Division, the unit responsible for the risk 
management function of the Banco Montepio Group, which regularly informs the Board of Directors of the 
evolution of the risk profile of the institution and, if necessary, proposes risk exposure mitigation/reduction 
actions.
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, who 
set out the tolerance levels and maximum risk limit, for each specific risk considered materially relevant, 
in accordance with the defined strategic objectives and business plan, with this policy being reviewed 
regularly. It is also the responsibility of the Board of Directors to ensure an adequate risk control at group 
level, namely through the respective supervisory boards. The Risk Committee is the non-executive body 
with the role of risk management supervision. Its mission is to monitor the design and implementation of 
the risk strategy and risk appetite of the Banco Montepio Group and to verify whether these are aligned 
with the sustainable strategy in the medium- and long-term, providing advice to the Board of Directors and 
Executive Commission in these areas.
The Board of Directors seek to ensure that Banco Montepio has sufficient capital to meet regulatory 
requirements and to cover potential losses resulting from the activity, with an optimised balance sheet 
structure that maintains a stable and safe funding capacity and liquidity profile, allowing it to face stress 
situations and ensuring the continuity of its operations and the protection of its depositors and holders of 
non-subordinated debt.
The Banco Montepio Group's risk management policy is designed to ensure an adequate relationship, at all 
times, between its own funds and the business it carries on, and also to evaluate the risk/return profile by 
business line, assuming particular importance in this scope the monitoring and control of the main types of 
financial and non-financial risks (such as credit, market, liquidity, real estate and operating) which the 
Banco Montepio Group's business is subject to.
In order to ensure an effective management of the risks associated with the Banco Montepio Group's 
activities, the Risk Division is responsible for ensuring that all Group companies, including those located 
abroad, implement risk management systems that are coherent with each other and in accordance with the 
requirements set forth in the Internal Regulation of the Banco Montepio risk management function, in the 
Banco Montepio Group's Global Risk Policy and in the remaining applicable internal policies and 
regulations, without prejudice to the respective legal and regulatory framework. The Risk Division is

--- Page 120 ---
10232074867-v29
- 112 -
70-41036336
responsible for monitoring the risk management activity of Group companies, on a consolidated and 
individual basis, ensuring the consistency of the risk concepts used, the methodologies for risk 
identification, measurement and control, the supporting standards and respective risk profile monitoring 
processes, as well as the compliance with the applicable regulatory and prudential requirements, namely on 
a consolidated basis. These activities should be directly assured by the risk management functions of those 
entities, except in those cases where Banco Montepio's Board of Directors decides that the development of 
these responsibilities by Banco Montepio's Risk Division is more effective and efficient.
In common with many similar credit institutions which finance housing loans, the Issuer's loan assets are 
relatively illiquid whilst its funding is based on retail deposits, most of which are either legally available 
on demand or are of a short term nature (although in practice such deposits usually remain with the Issuer 
for extended periods).
Liquidity risk is assessed using regulatory indicators defined by the supervisory authorities and other 
internal measurements for which exposure limits are also defined. This control is reinforced by the 
execution of stress tests, aimed at characterising Banco Montepio's risk profile and assure that the Banco 
Montepio Group meets its obligations in the event of a liquidity crisis.
The objective of controlling the liquidity levels is to maintain a satisfactory level of liquid assets so as to 
meet financial needs in the short, medium and long term. Liquidity risk is monitored daily, with various 
reports being prepared for control and monitoring purposes and to support decision-taking within the Assets 
and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO"). Under the control of risk levels, limits are defined for various 
liquidity risk indicators, which are monitored through weekly and monthly reports.
The evolution of the liquidity position is monitored, in particular, based on estimated future cash flow 
projections for various time horizons, considering Banco Montepio's balance sheet. The liquidity position 
of the day under review and the amount of assets that are considered highly liquid in the uncompromised 
securities portfolio are added to these projections so as to determine the accumulated liquidity gap for 
various time horizons. Moreover, the level of compliance of the liquidity prudential indicators, LCR, NSFR 
and Additional Liquidity Monitoring Metrics ("ALMM"), and of internal ratios such as, for example, loan-
to-deposits ratios, concentration of funding sources, short term funding and eligible assets are monitored as 
well.
The table below sets out the liquidity gaps in December 2021:
LIQUIDITY POSITION GAPS
Maturity periods
Position reference date + forecast amount
On sight 
and up to 1 
week
Above 1 
week and 
up to 1 
month
Above 1 
month and 
up to 3 
months
Above 3 
months and 
up to 6 
months
Above 6 
months and 
up to 12 
months
(€ million)
Accumulated mismatches ..................................................
3,940
3,931
4,118
4,071
3,227
As at 31 December 2021 the LCR reached 264.1 per cent., an increase in comparison to the ratio of 200.7 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020, and amounting to 164.1 p.p. above the minimum regulatory requirement 
of 100 per cent. As at 31 December 2021 the commercial gap stood at a comfortable level with the loan-to-
deposit ratio, consisting of loans and advances to customers divided by deposits from customers, at 91.2 
per cent.
The NSFR stood at 125.3 per cent. in December 2021, above the minimum requirement of 100 per cent.
Concerning the exchange rate risk of the banking book, in general, the funds raised in foreign currencies 
are invested in assets in the respective money market for maturity periods that are not higher than those of 
the resources. Therefore, the existing foreign exchange gaps essentially derive from possible mismatches 
between the maturity periods of the assets and liabilities. The current foreign exchange exposure of the 
Banco Montepio Group in consolidated terms is essentially the result of structural positions derived from 
the conversion of the balances of the subsidiaries (such as Finibanco Angola) in their main currencies, 
namely the Angolan Kwanza and American Dollar. Limits of exposure have been defined for the exchange 
rate risk of the banking book, which are monitored by the management bodies and by the ALCO, where 
any overrunning of the established limits follows an established circuit, including approval by the 
management body or the implementation of measures to hedge this risk.

--- Page 121 ---
10232074867-v29
- 113 -
70-41036336
The limits defined for exchange rate risk include limits of position by currency, in consolidated and 
individual terms, as well as in terms of VaR, and are also disaggregated in terms of the trading book and 
banking book.
The total assets and liabilities, by currency, as at 31 December 2021 is as follows:
Euro
U.S. 
Dollar
Angolan 
Kwanza
Swiss 
Franc
Pound 
Sterling
Other 
foreign 
currencies
Total 
amount
(€ thousand)
Total Assets ....................................
19,286,312
218,495
175,033
4,864
3,111
25,345
19,713,160
Total liabilities................................
18,020,299
197,816
78,326
2,874
13,881
36,831
18,350,027
Exchange forward transactions.......
(22,343)
0
(2,033)
10,711
11,753
Exchange Gap.................................
(1,664)
96,707
(43)
(59)
267
Stress Test......................................
333
(19,341)
8
12
(53)
The result of the stress test performed corresponds to the estimated impact (before tax) on equity, including 
minority interests, due to a devaluation of 20.0 per cent. in the exchange rate of each currency against the 
Euro.
The interest rate risk caused by operations of the banking portfolio is assessed through risk sensitivity 
analysis, on an individual and consolidated basis for the subsidiaries included in the Banco Montepio 
Group's consolidated balance sheet.
Interest rate risk is appraised in accordance with the impacts on net interest income, net worth and own 
funds caused by variations in market interest rates. The main risk factors arise from the mismatch between 
the interest rate revision periods and/or residual maturity between assets and liabilities (repricing risk), from 
non-parallel variations in interest rate curves (yield curve risk), from the nonexistence of perfect correlation 
between different indexers with the same repricing period (basis risk), and from the options associated to 
instruments which enable divergent action of agents depending on the level of rates that are contracted and 
applied at any given time (option risk).
Following the recommendations of Basel and Banco de Portugal Instruction number 34/2018 of 15 June 
2018, the Banco Montepio Group calculates its exposure to balance sheet interest rate risk, at least quarterly, 
based on the methodology of the Bank of International Settlements ("BIS"), classifying all the headings of 
the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items which do not belong to the trading book, by repricing 
brackets.
In this context, limits are defined for exposure to interest rate risk factors which are monitored by ALCO, 
where any overrunning of the established limits, even if temporary, requires the approval of the 
management body or the implementation of measures to cover the exposure.
At the same time, a stress test is conducted with six shock scenarios in the interest rate curve. This test 
measures impacts on net interest income at one year and on net worth of the shocks in the interest rate curve 
prescribed in the BIS document of April 2016, Standards – Interest rate risk in the banking book.
Based on the financial features of each contract, the respective expected cash flow projection is made, 
according to the rate repricing dates and any pertinent performance assumptions that are considered.
The table below presents a summary of the exposure to interest rate risk, given by the repricing gaps in the 
balance sheet's assets and liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, on a consolidated basis, as at 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021, which are not accounted in the trading book:
INTEREST RATE REPRICING GAPS
Up to 3 
months
3 to 6 months
6 mounths to 
1 year
1 to 5 years
More than 5 
years
(€ thousand)
31 December 2021
Assets
Debt securities......................................................
26,612
43,212
23,528
1,186,064
1,875,387
Loans and advances .............................................
6,449,591
3,049,157
1,328,189
919,705
390,425
Others...................................................................
89,599
0
0
0
50,375

--- Page 122 ---
10232074867-v29
- 114 -
70-41036336
Up to 3 
months
3 to 6 months
6 mounths to 
1 year
1 to 5 years
More than 5 
years
(€ thousand)
Off-balance sheet .................................................
1,041
0
756,654
25,018
0
Total ....................................................................
6,566,843
3,092,369
2,108,371
2,130,787
2,316,187
Liabilities
Debt securities issued...........................................
349,223
0
811,226
651,267
36,545
Term deposits.......................................................
1,718,686
1,107,354
1,471,616
2,041,259
0
Others...................................................................
195,311
0
0
2,961,326
274,358
Off-balance sheet .................................................
758,996
0
15
119
1,145
Total ....................................................................
3,022,216
1,107,354
2,282,857
5,653,971
312,048
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) ..................................
3,544,627
1,985,015
(174,486)
(3,523,184)
2,004,139
Up to 3 
months
3 to 6 months
6 mounths to 
1 year
1 to 5 years
More than 5 
years
(€ thousand)
31 December 2020
Assets
Debt securities......................................................
89,347
287,945
59,950
920,554
1,168,720
Loans and advances .............................................
6,740,103
3,010,619
1,171,148
775,080
305,812
Others...................................................................
89,290
0
0
0
38,945
Off-balance sheet .................................................
1,148
0
6,654
756,654
0
Total ....................................................................
6,919,888
3,298,564
1,237,752
2,452,288
1,513,477
Liabilities
Debt securities issued...........................................
8,584
812
57,283
1,408,516
19,398
Term deposits.......................................................
2,803,388
1,491,623
2,133,847
720,428
0
Others...................................................................
460,548
54,245
392
1,609,929
301,096
Off-balance sheet .................................................
750,008
0
16
131
1,295
Total ....................................................................
4,022,528
1,546,680
2,191,538
3,739,004
321,789
GAP (Assets - Liabilities) ..................................
2,897,360
1,751,884
(953,786)
(1,286,716)
1,191,688
December 2021
December 2020
December
Annual 
average
Maximum
Minimum
December
Annual 
average
Maximum
Minimum
(€ thousand)
Interest Rate Gap............. 3,836,113
3,665,365
3,836,113
3,494,618
3,600,429
3,834,051
4,067,673
3,600,429
Sensitivity to the balance sheet interest rate risk is calculated by the difference between the present value 
of the interest rate mismatch discounted at market interest rates and the discounted value of the same cash 
flows, simulating parallel shifts of the market interest rate curve.
As at 31 December 2021, based on the interest rate gaps observed, an instantaneous and parallel positive 
variation in the interest rates by 100 basis points would cause a decrease in the economic value expected 
from the banking portfolio of approximately €88.2 million (31 December 2020: decrease of €55.5 million).
The concept of market risk reflects the potential loss that could be recorded by a given portfolio as a result 
of changes in rates (interest and exchange) and/or in the prices of the different financial instruments 
comprising the portfolio, considering both the correlations that exist between them and their volatility.
Value-at-Risk ("VaR") is one of the key metrics used to measure and monitor market risk. The Banco 
Montepio Group calculates the VaR on a daily basis, both for its trading book and for the portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. VaR is also calculated on a time horizon 
of 10 business days and at a 99 per cent. significance level, by the historical simulation method. The types 
of risk considered in this methodology are interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, price risk, spread risk and 
commodities risk.
With respect to market risk information and analysis, there is regular reporting on Banco Montepio's own 
portfolios and those of other entities of the Banco Montepio Group, with various risk limits being defined, 
including overall limits of VaR, by Issuer, by type/class of asset and stop loss and loss trigger limits for 
positions held for trading and in other comprehensive income.

--- Page 123 ---
10232074867-v29
- 115 -
70-41036336
In the reports produced, the various exposure limits are controlled, analysed the risks of concentration, 
credit, interest rate and asset price variation, among others. These analyses consider the analysis of 
scenarios, namely the sensitivities of the securities portfolio to variations of interest rates, spreads, adverse 
exchange rate evolution and variation of the market prices of shares and real estate properties.
In addition to the risk report of Banco Montepio's overall portfolio, specific risk reports are also produced 
for the trading book and the proprietary portfolios of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.
In order to ensure more effective risk management, the positions in portfolio are disaggregated into a 
portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio of other financial 
assets at amortised cost, portfolio of financial assets not necessarily held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss, and portfolios of assets held for trading (which exclude hedge coverages and fair value 
option), with risk limits being defined according to the type of portfolio. The thresholds applicable to the 
portfolios are defined in internal regulations, updated on an annual basis or other, whenever justified by 
alterations to market risk levels. Stop loss and loss trigger thresholds are also defined, applicable to the 
portfolios. Whenever any of these thresholds are reached, the re-examination of the strategy intrinsic to this 
position is compulsory.
As at 31 December 2021 the Banco Montepio Group's investment portfolio was mainly concentrated on 
bonds, representing 93.3 per cent. (31 December 2020: 84.3 per cent.) of the total portfolio, being the 
majority of the portfolio comprised of sovereign bonds, essentially from Italy, Portugal and Spain.
Banco Montepio held no position in credit derivatives as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.
Regarding the credit quality of the debt securities portfolio, approximately 97.8 per cent. is rated as 
investment grade (31 December 2019: 96.8 per cent.). Of note are the Spanish, Portuguese and Italian 
sovereign bonds with a rating of BBB+, BBB and BBB-, respectively, that represent 94.0 per cent. (31 
December 2020: 84.1 per cent.) of the portfolio. Concerning the portfolio breakdown, there was a reduction 
in the Portuguese sovereign debt (55.8 per cent. to 22.6 per cent. of the securities portfolio in 2020 and 
2021, respectively), partially offset by an increase in the Italian and Spanish sovereign debt.
A summary of the banking book's VaR indicators in December 2020 and December 2021 is presented 
below, bearing in mind that the trading portfolio had no positions in shares or bonds as at 31 December 
2021:
December 20
December 21
Banking book
Trading book
Banking book
Trading book
Market VaR(1) (2) (3).........................
3.78%
20.52%
1.28%
n.app.
Interest Rate Risk ..........................
2.31%
0.40%
0.87%
n.app.
Exchange Rate Risk ......................
0.00%
2.06%
0.00%
n.app.
Price Risk ......................................
0.00%
20.55%
0.03%
n.app.
Credit risk (spread)........................
3.19%
0.73%
0.69%
n.app.
Commodity Risk ...........................
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
n.app.
________________
(1)
Time horizon of 10 days and significance level of 99%; Percentage over total portfolio assets; Includes Banco Montepio and 
BEM.
(2)
Includes the diversification effect.
(3)
Excludes positions of Finibanco Angola.
Moreover, analyses are also conducted of scenarios and stress (based on past extreme events) for the trading 
book to complement the analysis of all the other risk indicators.
Competition
As at 30 June 2021 the Issuer was the seventh largest bank in Portugal on the basis of total net assets 
(source: Associação Portuguesa de Bancos). Despite competition in the market, Banco Montepio has been 
able to sustain its position in the market and to preserve its market share in banking activity. Banco 
Montepio's overall market share (deposits and loans) was 5.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (source: 
Banco de Portugal Financial and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)).
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a market share of 5.8 per cent. in mortgage loans and 
5.5 per cent. in loans to non-financial corporations (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial and Monetary 
Statistics (individual basis)). As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio's market share in total deposits was

--- Page 124 ---
10232074867-v29
- 116 -
70-41036336
5.2 per cent., reaching 5.5 per cent. in the household deposits segment (source: Banco de Portugal, Financial 
and Monetary Statistics (individual basis)).
The Issuer considers that its primary competitive advantage is its superior customer service, as a result of 
being majority owned by a mutual benefits association, its product offering including private pension 
schemes provided by MGAM and its reputation as a stable financial institution.
Technology
Banco Montepio believes that technology has strategic importance in providing good quality and innovative 
services to its customers, which is essential to maintain its competitiveness in the Portuguese market.
The latest developments in the Issuer's Legacy System include a 24x7 Project. With this implementation, 
current accounts processing, domestic transfers and payments, internal ATM cash transactions, debit and 
credit cards, saving accounts and inter-bank transfers become available in real-time, 24 hours every day of 
the week and no failure or breakage in the service occurs solely due to any matter related to batch 
processing.
Banco Montepio classifies its systems into two categories: "Core System" and "Distributed Systems". The 
Core System corresponds to the mainframe while Distributed Systems represent the Windows and Linux 
platforms where most departmental applications are hosted. Banco Montepio deployed a private cloud 
solution based in VMWARE and HYPER-V, following the IaaS model, allowing powerful consolidation 
and virtualisation of the Distributed Systems, which in turn increased operational efficiency, reduced 
production time, and infrastructure-related efforts and costs.
Banco Montepio also implemented a CITRIX virtualisation farm to provide more flexible and agile access 
to new applications to branch users. The implemented solution takes advantage of "Load Balancers 
NetScalar" and application virtualisation using XENAPP. The use of Load Balancers improves the delivery 
speed and quality of applications for an end-user. The product helps business customers perform tasks such 
as traffic optimisation, load balancing, and web application acceleration while maintaining data security. It 
also performs several kinds of caching and compression. The benefits of application virtualisation include 
ease of maintenance and greater portability, making programs easier to deploy across several versions of 
Windows. Another one of the benefits of application virtualisation is that applications that depend on 
custom drivers or libraries can be easily installed, which makes deploying upgrades and patches easier.
On a growing cloud integration strategy, new services were adopted on the Office 365 platform, such as, 
Microsoft Teams, Yammer, One Drive, Exchange Online, Sharepoint Online and Intune.
Following a digital transformation vision, a new business platform, CRM Online, was adopted. This SaaS 
solution empowers the digital marketing strategy, bringing new capabilities to the organisation, aligning 
marketing and sales activities for its customers.
These service integrations were achieved through the implementation of ADFS creating a common layer in 
what regards to user and application accessibility management.
A sophisticated information network has been implemented, integrating voice and data, and is updated on 
a continuous basis. It provides high bandwidth connections up to 10 GB, incorporating 4G technology.
The security infrastructure ensures, in a high availability system, the protection of all systems through Geo-
cluster Checkpoint firewalls integrating the protection of threats with Radware intrusion detection 
mechanisms, geographic balancing and Radware local balancing. All components of the solution are 
present in its own infrastructure with multi-user interconnections to assure that all national and international 
communications and their contents are served in Lisbon or Porto, providing protection against failures in 
the event of interruptions in local or regional networks, power outages or natural disasters.
One key component of the security infrastructure is the Security Operations Center ("SOC") service. The 
SOC is the 24x7 single point of contact for monitoring and responding to security incidents by an organised 
team with specialised skills ("CERT"). Its mission is to ensure continuous monitoring and improve the 
security level of the organisation while preventing, detecting, analysing and responding to cybersecurity 
incidents, backed by processes and technologies. Procedures are defined for major incidents to be 
appropriately escalated and to activate the DR/BC plan if needed and lessons learned activities are taken 
and documented from previous events and incidents.

--- Page 125 ---
10232074867-v29
- 117 -
70-41036336
Remote access to Microsoft Cloud Services requires multifactor authentication. Some sensitive systems do 
not allow remote access.
Access to Banco Montepio's network is segmented on the basis of employee access, customer access and 
access to certain third parties. Since the beginning of 2020, access to the internal network is granted through 
the Zscaler Private Access solution that uses the technology Zero trust network access ("ZTNA"). ZTNA 
gives users seamless and secure connectivity to private applications without ever placing them on the 
network or exposing apps to the internet. The implementation of this solution in the Banco Montepio Group 
has replaced the previous VPN-based solution.
In 2020 Banco Montepio implemented a new ITSM solution and one of the components of the project was 
to create a CMDB with the inclusion of a vast set of IT assets. This information is complemented by a 
database that contains the Application Portfolio, including documentation on the interconnection between 
applications. Incident management and escalation roles, responsibilities, and procedures are formally 
defined. Most incidents and service requests are registered in the ticketing system.
In addition, innovative projects have been and are being implemented, with a large impact on the local 
market, such as:

Internet Banking (Net24) and Mobile Banking (Netmóvel24) integrated with a new CX 
Omnichannel platform, including several native Apps for iOS and Android, providing customers 
with a wide range of transactions, including enquiries, deposits, transfer orders and bill payments, 
and online brokerage services. To increase security, new features were added to the omnichannel 
platform, implementing Strong Customer Authentication.

A contact centre (Phone24) has been established, which provides phone, fax, e-mail and chat 
capabilities for its customers.

An internal Self-Service ATM network (Chave24). Banco Montepio was the first bank to provide 
ATM services in Portugal in 1984. At present their last generation ATM with a Web-based 
Application and cash-Recycling technology provides a broad range of products and services which 
are all touch screen only and voice-enabled, such as bill payment, cash and check deposits, and 
passbook automatic page turn.

A new Branch Automation Solution is in place using Accenture Multichannel Platform, providing 
the migration from a Client-Server architecture to a Web-Based Application running in Virtual 
machines. The new solution allows the integration of information from a diversity of sources like 
CRM, Enterprise Analytics, Workflows, Intranet and others.

Integrated with the new Branch Automation Solution, a new IT architecture for supporting 
financial processes dematerialisation was implemented, replacing traditional processes based and 
supported in paper, in line with best technical and security standards, with the objective of 
enhancing Banco Montepio's image of innovation and digital transformation, improve customer 
experience and reduce operating costs and operational risk. This new solution started to be adopted 
for supporting processes that originated in branch networks and will be gradually spread to other 
areas / processes.

An Enterprise Data Warehouse ("EDW") which supports all needs related to Business Intelligence 
trends considering financial services. This infrastructure keeps increasing, on a regular basis, in 
order to cater to the needs arising from the development of new business lines and to meet business 
subject areas like risk, profitability, pricing, Regulatory Reporting, Auditing, and Marketing.

The former "CRM" evolved to a Marketing Automation level comprising a new Analytic platform, 
based on Microsoft CRM Online, interacting with an upgraded Operational CRM application 
among full integration with a revised 360º Customer Vision (value-added with new commercial 
relevant information) and integration with Product Catalog and other distribution channels for a 
total Customer relation awareness.

A credit scoring application is in operation providing a useful tool for assessing risks related to 
housing loans, consumer credit and credit cards.

--- Page 126 ---
10232074867-v29
- 118 -
70-41036336

Finastra Kondor+ has been implemented in order to improve trade management, support of 
complex derivatives, options and structured trades support, improve straight-through processing. 
With Finastra Kondor+ Banco Montepio was able to implement a complete front-to-back solution 
with strong support for risk management and centralised administration and control. Recent 
developments are improving the global front-to-back solution with the integration of two new tools 
provided by Bloomberg: TOMS (Trade Order Management Solutions) and MARS (Multi-Asset 
Risk System).

A "Time Deposit Workflow" is in operation allowing the integrated management of spread 
authorisation in time deposits.

A "Workflow" system allowing for the integrated management of the credit process has been 
implemented.

An "Enterprise Document Management System" has been implemented supporting different 
business processes such as inter-bank circulation of cheque images, members' and customers' 
signatures and daily branch movement.

In terms of AML compliance, an Operational Monitoring System ("Northland") has been 
implemented as well as a Filtering System ("Fircosoft") for "funds transfer" operations and for 
clients.

A New Credit Risk Reporting Platform
This project aimed to respond to new Banco de Portugal credit risk reporting requirements ("CRC 
5 G"), aligned with new EU Central Bank reporting legislation ("AnaCredit"). The solution 
implemented in the development of the project included the construction of a new centralised credit 
risk information database in the business intelligence architecture, which can be used later on to 
answer to different information requirements in this domain. The project also included the 
development of a new Portal to support the exchange of information with Banco de Portugal, which 
included the implementation of the appropriate functionalities and controls to support the 
management of the cases/hits that may require manual intervention.

Credit Recovery IT Architecture Review and Optimisation
This project included an extended review of the IT applications and tools that support credit 
recovery, addressing the following key objectives and enhancements: To adjust credit IT 
applications and tools to the new organisational and operational credit recovery model in place; To 
improve credit IT applications and tools suitability to the requirements of the credit recovery 
department; To develop a new credit recovery Portal to support credit recovery department 
relationship with external law offices that provide services, which provides a broad range of 
functionalities to enable proper management and control of the processes.

A Digital Onboarding solution, integrated in Banco Montepio's APP M24, which incorporates 
videoconferencing and digital signatures;

A new Credit online platform, supported in an automated integrated workflow;

A Fraud Detection solution for online digital channels;

The integration of payment transactions and services with SIBS Open APIs platform, that ensures 
compliance with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2);

Opening of account and credit online for individuals;

System of continuous assessment of customer relations, through the implementation of the Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) system in every customer interaction with Banco Montepio.

Development of new IT platforms to support Anti-Money Laundering and Market Abuse processes, 
based upon SAS technology and specialised modules for those areas;

--- Page 127 ---
10232074867-v29
- 119 -
70-41036336

A Virtual Assistance Agent, based on Artificial Intelligence technology, which is the first point of 
contact with customers who use the Contact Center service, with the objective of increasing the 
efficiency and reduce costs in customer service. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes 
that showed more potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will 
be extended gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the 
bank's IT strategy modernisation roadmap;

Robot Process Automation
This project implemented a new technological architecture for enabling the end-to-end automation 
of low-value-added processes/activities, resulting in more satisfied customers and money-saving 
efficiencies for the Issuer. In 2020 the project focused on a set of processes that showed more 
potential and less complexity for adopting this technology. This technology will be extended 
gradually to other processes and cases of use, assuming the greatest relevance in the bank's IT 
strategy modernisation roadmap;

Implementation of the new 3-D SECURE TECHNOLOGY, provided by SIBS, that ensures the 
highest level of security in preventing fraud in cards payments, by incorporating the use of SCA 
(strong customer authentication) in e-commerce operations carried out with payments cards;

Implementation of new fraud prevention and detection service for transactions carried out on the 
Issuer's multichannel platform, offered by Paywatch. The service is available in an as-a-service 
(FPaaS) model, based on the experience and knowledge of the SIBS FPS teams on fraud in 
electronic payment and cybersecurity and supported on a state-of-the-art technological platform 
(SaferPayments);

New digital customer journeys using the Digital Onboarding solution technology incorporating 
videoconferencing and digital signatures; and

APP Aprova – a new security solution for Strong Customer Authentication. A multi-factor mobile-
first transactional authentication system that allows customers to authenticate sensitive online 
banking operations on a Mobile Phone.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
In November 2016, Banco Montepio was notified by Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
relating to alleged violations of certain AML procedures (administrative proceeding (processo de 
contraordenação) no. 84/14/CO). These proceedings relate to events that occurred prior to 12 August 2016 
and concern alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties pertaining to the 
implementation of required mechanisms allowing for: (a) the identification and the knowledge of the 
ownership and control of corporate entities; (b) information on the origin of funds; (c) information updates 
relating to banking entities; (d) extension to affiliates of measures equivalent to those foreseen in Law no. 
25/2008, of 5 June; (e) system parameters for high risk operations; and (f) the provision of information 
reports to the Prosecutor General's Office (Procuradoria Geral da República) of operations potentially 
related to AML. Banco Montepio presented its defence in January 2017. In January 2020, a decision was 
issued by the Banco de Portugal that determined that Banco Montepio had committed 16 administrative 
offenses, instead of the 142 administrative offenses that were originally alleged. The Banco de Portugal 
issued a single fine of €400,000. Banco Montepio challenged Banco de Portugal's decision with the 
Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of 
Santarém.
On 21 February 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of an unfavourable ruling under an administrative 
proceeding (processo de contraordenação) no. 102/14/CO) whereby Banco de Portugal imposed on Banco 
Montepio an administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million and an ancillary sanction consisting of the 
publication of the final ruling. No further sanctions have been imposed upon Banco Montepio. This 
administrative proceeding relates to events that occurred between 1 January 2009 and 2 September 2014 
and concerns alleged non-compliance by Banco Montepio with certain duties regarding, in general terms: 
(a) its internal control system procedures, (b) the assessment and approval of intragroup credit operations, 
(c) the calculation of specific credit provisions, and (d) the implementation at Banco Montepio's 
subsidiaries of suitable procedures to assess the origin of funds of the subscribers of the participation units 
representative of the Participation Fund of Banco Montepio. The origin of these non-compliant events has

--- Page 128 ---
10232074867-v29
- 120 -
70-41036336
been addressed and Banco Montepio is now compliant with these duties. Banco Montepio judicially 
challenged this ruling on 22 April 2019. On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of a 
favourable ruling whereby the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, 
Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém held that the first notice of indictment issued by Banco de Portugal 
on 7 March 2017, is null and void, and annulled the initial ruling whereby Banco de Portugal imposed the 
administrative fine (coima) of €2.5 million. The Court also ordered the annulment of all notifications issued 
and referred the case back to Banco de Portugal so that a new valid decision could be issued. Banco de 
Portugal and the State Prosecutor (Ministério Público) both challenged this ruling of annulment.
The discussion and judgment hearing with regards to the above-mentioned administrative proceedings no. 
102/14/CO and no. 84/14/CO ended in early 2021. The relevant Court ruled that these two administrative 
proceedings would merge into a single administrative proceeding, in which Banco Montepio was acquitted 
of 29 administrative offences and convicted of 14 offences imposing a single fine of €1 million, which was 
suspended at €500,000. Banco Montepio appealed and a decision is awaited from the relevant Court. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
On 9 September 2019, Banco Montepio was notified of the decision by the Competition Authority on the 
administrative process PRC-2012/9 ("Decision"), in which it was held that Banco Montepio (and other 
Portuguese banks) were engaged in anti-competitive practices and the exchange of sensitive commercial 
information, in breach of Article 9 of Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May 2012 and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, and imposed on Banco Montepio a fine of €13 million. The Decision 
was appealed by Banco Montepio (and the other Portuguese banks) to the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém. By appealing this 
Decision, the obligation to pay the fine will be suspended until a final decision is made. On 28 April 2022 
the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) 
of Santarém proved that the financial institutions exchanged sensitive information on the commercial 
conditions of credit but had doubts whether such institutions infringed competition rules because it was not 
proven that this practice had an impact on customers. Therefore, the case was transferred to the Court of 
Justice of the European Union to apply an objective test on whether such exchange of information had an 
impact on competition. Ultimately the proceedings were suspended on the basis of the statute of limitations 
(com suspensão do prazo prescricional) and remitted to the Luxembourg court because of the risks of the 
case being time-barred. Based on all the relevant circumstances, management of the Issuer considers it 
unlikely that the administrative fine (coima) will eventuate. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco 
Montepio is not aware of any claim for damages related to the Decision or to the related facts.
In December 2019, Banco Montepio was notified by the Banco de Portugal of administrative proceedings 
(processo de contraordenação) no. 45/17/CO) relating to seven alleged violations of duties concerning 
accounting standards and internal control systems occurring between 2013 and 2015. The fines in relation 
to those alleged violations range from €3,000 (lowest minimum limit) to €5,000,000 (highest maximum 
limit), which can be issued as a single fine not exceeding twice the highest maximum limit. Banco Montepio 
challenged these proceedings and submitted the relevant evidence to support its position. On 26 January 
2022, Banco de Portugal published the decision condemning Banco Montepio and ordering it to pay a single 
fine of €475,000. Banco Montepio has challenged the decision with the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court (Tribunal da Concorrência, Regulação e Supervisão) of Santarém, so the decision is not 
yet final and conclusive. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio cannot predict the outcome 
of these proceedings.
Save as disclosed above, there have been no new governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the period 
covering at least the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had a 
significant effect on Banco Montepio's financial position or profitability.
Outlook under COVID-19
Banco Montepio has operational risk management instruments, including a 'Business Continuity Plan'. The 
plan was activated to ensure the best safety conditions for all employees, customers and suppliers in order 
to ensure the continuity of financial services and the maintenance of banking operations with as much 
normality and fluidity as possible. A set of risk mitigating measures have been implemented in order to 
ensure normal business operation.

--- Page 129 ---
10232074867-v29
- 121 -
70-41036336
As foreseen in the business continuity plan, Banco Montepio's crisis management office was also activated, 
which is responsible for crisis management, implementation and monitoring of an operational continuity 
plan and coordination of the business recovery and return to normality teams.
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has brought several challenges, Banco Montepio has managed to 
provide timely solutions to the emerging needs guided by the principle of protecting the safety and health 
of its employees and customers.
As a result of the necessary adjustment to the COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty about the 
development of the recovery of economic activity, Banco Montepio is in the process of implementing 
several measures in order to accelerate the digital transition, adjust its service model and increase efficiency, 
while preserving the convergence to the main goals defined in its strategy.
Board of Directors and other Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer
Following the implementation of the 2013 Articles of Association, the Issuer's governance structure 
comprises management and supervisory bodies separate from those of MGAM. Nonetheless, as the Issuer 
is an entity 99.99 per cent. owned by MGAM, there exists a core of shared strategic principles.
In the General Meeting held on 30 April 2015 and continued on 27 May 2015, a partial amendment of the 
Issuer's by-laws was approved. The amended by-laws were ratified by the General Meeting of MGAM held 
on 25 June 2015.
One of the key amendments to the Issuer's by-laws was to how members of the different governing bodies 
were elected. Pursuant to the amended by-laws, as approved in the said General Meeting of MGAM held 
on 25 June 2015, all governing bodies began to be elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer (i.e. members 
of the Board of Directors of MGAM are no longer statutorily members of the General and Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer).
One other relevant amendment was the inclusion of new governing bodies, as foreseen in the RGICSF: (i) 
a Remuneration Committee; (ii) an Evaluation Committee; and (iii) a Risk Committee. The members of 
these new governing bodies were also elected in the General Meeting of the Issuer.
On 22 July 2015 an Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting was convened to elect, inter alia, the members 
of its Executive Board of Directors and General and Supervisory Board for the term 2015/2018. This 
Extraordinary General Meeting took place on 5 August 2015.
Following the approval of the Savings Banks Act, which entered into force on 10 October 2015, and the 
resolution of the Banco de Portugal pursuant to paragraph 2 of the Savings Bank Act, an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of Banco Montepio was convened on 22 November 2016, to discuss Banco Montepio's 
transformation into a public limited liability company and consequently amending its Articles of 
Association.
The transformation into a public limited liability company was further discussed in an Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Issuer held on 4 April 2017, in accordance with number 2 of article 6 of the Savings 
Banks Act. This adopted resolutions that needed to be ratified by resolution of the General Meeting of 
MGAM, which held an extraordinary session on 9 May 2017, in accordance with Article 6 (4)(g) of the 
Decree-Law No. 190/2015, of 10 September, Articles 32 and 33 of Banco Montepio's by-laws and Article 
25 (g) of the MGAM's by-laws.
It should also be noted that the effectiveness of the resolutions taken at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on 4 April 2017, regarding Banco Montepio's transformation into a public limited liability company, 
only occurred after Banco Montepio's commercial registration, which took place on 14 September 2017.
On 14 September 2017, the deed was executed, converting Banco Montepio into a public limited liability 
company, and changing its legal name to Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, 
S.A.
Banco Montepio's corporate governance, after its transformation into a public limited liability company and 
as provided in article 6 of the new by-laws, maintained the General Meeting, the General and Supervisory 
Board, the Executive Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditor as the governing bodies of Banco 
Montepio, but the Remuneration Committee, the Evaluation Committee and the Risks Committee became

--- Page 130 ---
10232074867-v29
- 122 -
70-41036336
Corporate Bodies of Banco Montepio. Two new corporate bodies (the Financial Matters Commission and 
the Secretary of Banco Montepio) were also added.
Pursuant to the resolutions taken in the General Meeting of Banco Montepio, the members of the Executive 
Board of Directors and the General and Supervisory Board maintained their terms in the statutory bodies 
after the transformation of the Issuer into a public limited liability company (sociedade anónima).
Banco Montepio's corporate governance was a two-tier model, which included an Executive Board of 
Directors, a General and Supervisory Board and a Statutory Auditor. Pursuant to the Issuer's corporate 
governance, the General and Supervisory Board was the body responsible for the supervision, monitoring 
and counselling of the Issuer's activity.
Meanwhile the Issuer has implemented an important change in its corporate governance and, since 16 
March 2018, it has operated, a one-tier corporate structure with a Board of Directors, including an Audit 
Committee and an external independent auditor.
Pursuant to the corporate governance model adopted by the Issuer – the one-tier Anglo-Saxon model – and 
following the approval in the General Meeting held on 16 March 2018, the new corporate bodies were 
elected and the new Articles of Association were approved. The new corporate bodies and the respective 
members were approved by the Banco de Portugal on 4 April 2018.
The Articles of Association were further amended on 30 October 2018, according to which the Board of 
Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of twelve and maximum of nineteen members, including a non-
executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting of 
Shareholders, and, in addition to its legal duties, shall undertake the Issuer's management pursuant to article 
13 of the Articles of Association. The Board of Directors shall delegate the day-to-day management of the 
Issuer to an Executive Committee, appointing its members and defining their respective competencies, 
operating rules and the limits of its power, and shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, who shall not be 
the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.
Some of the non-executive members of the board that also form the audit committee have supervisory 
powers (i.e. they are prevented from exercising executive tasks) and are responsible for overseeing the 
management of the Issuer.
The auditor is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report 
that includes its opinion. An audit performed by the auditor is conducted in accordance with the 
International Standards on Auditing and other technical and ethical standards and recommendations issued 
by the Institute of Statutory Auditors.
In accordance with Article 5 of the Articles of Association in force, approved at the universal shareholders' 
meeting (assembleia geral universal) of Banco Montepio on 5 December 2019, Banco Montepio's 
Governing Bodies are:
(a)
the General Meeting of Shareholders;
(b)
the Board of Directors, which includes an Audit Committee; and
(c)
the Statutory Auditor.
The General Meeting Board, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Statutory Auditor, shall 
be elected pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Association. The term of office shall be four years and 
members may be re-elected.
The members of the governing bodies are elected at an Extraordinary General Meeting, in accordance with 
Article 9 and Article 11 of the new by-laws.
The elected governing bodies took office on 21 March 2018 and Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva carried 
out the duties of Chief Executive Officer and, temporarily, Chairperson of the Board of Directors under the 
terms authorised by the Banco de Portugal.

--- Page 131 ---
10232074867-v29
- 123 -
70-41036336
The Corporate and Governing Bodies of the Issuer and the relevant members for the mandate March 2018-
2021 are set out below.
Board of Directors
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 
16 March 2018 and each such member started their respective role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment 
lasting until 2021. As at the date hereof, the following remain as the current members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer in their respective positions until the Banco de Portugal Fit & Proper assessment of 
the members of the Board of Directors elected at the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, which is 
currently ongoing, is concluded. For the avoidance of doubt, such members shall only take office upon the 
relevant authorisation from Banco de Portugal.
Name
Other positions
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva
President of the Board of 
Directors (Chairman)
President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Investimento, S.A.
President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira
Non-executive member
No other positions
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva
Non-executive member
No other positions
Carlos 
Francisco 
Ferreira 
Alves1
Non-executive member
No other positions
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira2
Non-executive member
No other positions
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves3
Non-executive member
President of the Board of Directors 
of Montepio Crédito, Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A.
Vitor 
Manuel 
do 
Carmo 
Martins
Non-executive member
No other positions
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão4
President of the Executive 
Committee (CEO)
No other positions
Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso 
Mota Jorge Jacinto5
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Executive Committee
No other positions
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares 
de Moura Costa Pina
Executive member
No other positions
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva 
Baião7
Executive member
No other positions
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus
Executive member
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A.
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Banco Montepio Geral Cabo Verde, 
Soc. Unip. S.A.

--- Page 132 ---
10232074867-v29
- 124 -
70-41036336
Name
Other positions
Leandro Rodrigues da Graça 
Silva6
Executive member
No other positions
Nuno Cardoso Correia da Mota 
Pinto
Executive member
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A.
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio 
Crédito, 
Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A., S.A.
President of the Board of Directors 
of Finibanco Angola, S.A.
Pedro 
Miguel 
Nunes 
Ventaneira
Executive member
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Montepio Investimento, S.A.
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Finibanco Angola, S.A.
________________
1
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 15 January 2019.
2
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 1 April 2020.
3
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves took up his duties as non-executive member of the Board of Directors on 23 August 2018.
4
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 6 January 2020.
5
Dulce Maria Pereira Cardoso Mota Jorge Jacinto took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 9 January 
2019.
6
Leandro Rodrigues da Graça Silva took up his duties as executive member of the Board of Directors on 9 November 2018.
7
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva Baião was appointed by the Board of Directors on 18 February 2021.
Areas of responsibility of the Board of Directors' Chairman and each executive member of the Board of 
Directors:
Area of Responsibility
Carlos Tavares
President of the Board of Directors 
(Chairman)
Corporate Office of the Board (GCA)
General Secretariat of the Society (SGS)
Economic and Financial Studies Office (GEEF)
Audit and Inspection Directorate (DAI)
Pedro Leitão
President of The Executive Board 
(CEO)
People Management Directorate (DGP) (1)
Strategic Marketing Directorate (DME)
Operational Marketing Directorate (DMO)
Directorate of Communication and Brand (DCM)
Investor Relations Office (GRM)
Dulce Mota
Vice-President of The Executive 
Board
North and Center Commercial Directorate (DCNC)
South and Islands Commercial Directorate (DCSI)
Commercial Dynamisation Directorate (DDC)
Nuno Mota Pinto
Corporate Banking Directorate (DBE)

--- Page 133 ---
10232074867-v29
- 125 -
70-41036336
Area of Responsibility
Executive Member
Commercial Directorate of the Social Economy and the Public 
Sector (DCESSP)
José Carlos Mateus
Executive Member
Financial and International Directorate (DFI)
Financial Assets Monitoring Office (GAAF)
Strategy, Planning and Control Directorate (DPEC)
Credit Analysis Directorate (DAC)
Pedro Ventaneira
Executive Member
Risk Directorate (DRI)
Specialised Credit Analysis Directorate (DAEC)
Model Validation Office (GVM)
Accounting and Financial Reporting Directorate (DCRF)
Information Management Office (GGI)
Helena Soares de Moura
Executive Member
People Management Directorate (DGP)(1)
Legal Advisory Directorate (DJ)
Litigation Directorate (DCONT)
Compliance Directorate (DCOMP)
Data Protection Office (GPD)
Customer and Quality Office (GC)
Leandro Graça Silva
Executive Member
Credit Recovery Directorate (DRC)
Real Estate Office (MGAI)(2)
Jorge Baião
Executive Member
Transformation and Innovation Office (CTI)
Information Systems Directorate (DSI)
Services and Operations Directorate (DSO)
Shared Services Office (USP)(2)
Procurement Directorate (CCOMP)(2)
________________
(1)
With accompanying delegation by Helena Soares de Moura
(2)
Shared service areas that are not part of the Banco Montepio organisation chart
General Meeting Board
The current members of the General Meeting Board were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on 16 March 2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment 
lasting until 2021.
The following are the current members of the General Meeting Board of the Issuer:
Name
Other positions
António Manuel Lopes Tavares
Chairperson
Not applicable

--- Page 134 ---
10232074867-v29
- 126 -
70-41036336
Name
Other positions
Cassiano da Cunha Calvão
Secretary
Not applicable
Audit Committee
The current members of the Audit Committee were elected at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 
16 March 2018 and each such member started their role on 21 March 2018, with the appointment lasting 
until 2021. The following are the members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer:
Name
Other positions
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira1
Chairperson
No other position
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva
Member
No other positions
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves
Member
No other positions
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira2
Member
No other positions
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins
Member
No other positions
________________
1
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira was appointed Chairman of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 October 2019, following the 
resignation of Luis Eduardo Henriques Guimarães, Non-Executive member, who served as Chairman of the Audit Committee 
until and including 30 September 2019.
2
Designated on 1 April 2020
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee1
Name
José da Cunha Nunes
Chairperson
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva
Member
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves
Member
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira
Substitute Member
________________
1
By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the composition of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations 
Committee was approved, which was previously composed of: Manuel Ferreira Teixeira (Chairperson designated on 22 August 
2019), Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva (Member) and Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves (Member).
Risk Committee1
Name
Vítor Manuel do Carmo Martins
Chairperson
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves
Vice-President
Amadeu Ferreira de Paiva
Member
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira
Member
________________
1
By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the recomposition of Risk Committee was approved, which was 
previously composed of: Vitor Manuel do Carmo Martins (Chairperson designated on 3 October 2019), Manuel Ferreira Teixeira 
(Member) and Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor (Member)

--- Page 135 ---
10232074867-v29
- 127 -
70-41036336
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee1
Name
Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva
Chairperson
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves
Member
José da Cunha Nunes Pereira
Member
Pedro Jorge Gouveia Alves
Member
________________
1
By resolution of the Board of Directors of 29 October 2020, the recomposition of the Corporate Governance, Ethics and 
Sustainability Committee was approved, which was previously composed of: Carlos Manuel Tavares da Silva (Chairperson), 
Carlos Francisco Ferreira Alves (Member) and Rui Pedro Brás de Matos Heitor (Member).
Statutory Auditor
The following is the Statutory Auditor for the period 2019-2021:
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, registered at 
CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 
1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC no. 903) and Carlos 
José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), and was elected for the term 2019-2021 in the General meeting 
held on 27 May 2019.
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda is a member of 
the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under no. 183. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda has no material 
interest in the Issuer.
Recent developments
At the General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, the Shareholders approved, among other items, the election 
of the Governing Bodies for the four-year period 2022/2025, as detailed below:
General Meeting Board
Name
António Manuel Lopes Tavares
Chairperson
Cassiano da Cunha Calvão
Secretary
Board of Directors
Name
Manuel Ferreira Teixeira
Chairperson
Ângela Isabel Sancho Barros
Member
Clementina Maria Dâmaso de Jesus Silva Barroso
Member
Eugénio Luis Correia Martins Baptista
Member
Florbela dos Anjos Frescata Lima
Member
Helena Catarina Gomes Soares de Moura Costa Pina
Member
Isabel Cristina dos Santos Pereira da Silva
Member

--- Page 136 ---
10232074867-v29
- 128 -
70-41036336
Name
Jorge Paulo Almeida e Silva Baião
Member
José Carlos Sequeira Mateus
Member
Maria Cândida de Carvalho Peixoto
Member
Maria Lúcia Ramos Bica
Member
Pedro Manuel Moreira Leitão
Member
Pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations, the members of the Board of Directors (including the Audit 
Committee) will only take office after granted authorisation by Banco de Portugal.
With the proposed changes, Banco Montepio reinforces its commitment to gender equality and to the 
strategy adopted, aiming to improve efficiency, profitability and reducing exposure to risk.
Additionally, at the same General Meeting held on 29 April 2022, the Shareholders approved, among other 
items, the election of the Remuneration Committee of the General Meeting provided for in article 11 c) of 
Banco Montepio's Articles of Association, as detailed below:
Name
Paulo Câmara Pires dos Santos
Chairperson
Rui Manuel Leão Martinho
Member
Antonio Miguel Lino Pereira Gaio
Member
Moreover, PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda, 
registered at CMVM with the number 20161485, with Head Office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo (ROC 
no. 903) and Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (ROC no. 1737), was elected for the year 2022 in the 
General meeting held on 29 April 2022.
Governing and Corporate bodies – areas of focus
According to the articles of association, the areas of focus of each governing body and corporate body are 
as follows:
General Meeting
A General Meeting of Banco Montepio shall consist of shareholders who have voting rights. Each share 
shall represent one vote. Only those shareholders with voting rights may attend, speak and vote at a General 
Meeting, in person or through a representative, who at the registration date, which is equal to zero hours 
(GMT) on the fifth working day prior to the holding of the Meeting ("Registration Date"), are the owners 
of at least one share.
The General Meeting Board shall consist of a Chair and a Secretary, elected at a General Meeting. The 
Chair is required to:
1.
call the General Meeting and chair its proceedings;
2.
inform the appropriate authorities, within the legal deadlines, of the outcomes of General Meeting 
decisions and the names of those elected to the Company's Governing Bodies;
3.
vest the members of the Governing Bodies, of Corporate Offices and members of Committees 
elected at a General Meeting with their respective powers;
4.
consider any justifications of absence submitted; and
5.
accept and deal with appeals lodged with the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the law 
and within the official deadlines.

--- Page 137 ---
10232074867-v29
- 129 -
70-41036336
An ordinary General Meeting shall discuss the matters submitted to the Annual General Meeting, under 
article 376, no.1 of the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), plus any other 
matters included on the agenda, and an extraordinary meeting shall be held whenever one is convened in 
accordance with the law and these Articles of Association.
General Meeting decisions shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast, unless otherwise prescribed 
under the law or the Articles of Association. General Meeting decisions regarding changes to the Articles 
of Association, a merger, splits, transformation or winding-up of the Company shall only be valid if they 
are approved by a 2/3 (two-thirds) of the votes cast.
General Meetings of Banco Montepio shall take decisions on the matters assigned them by the law and the 
Articles of Association, and it is charged with:
1.
electing members of the General Meeting Board the Governing Bodies;
2.
electing the Statutory Auditor, following a proposal from the Audit Committee;
3.
electing, every four years, a Remuneration Committee comprised of three independent members 
empowered to set the remuneration of Governing Bodies members, pursuant to article 399, no.1 of 
the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais);
4.
discussing the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the year and the 
proposed profit distribution;
5.
conducting a general appraisal of Banco Montepio's management and supervision, with the scope 
laid down in the law;
6.
assessing the guidelines set out in the multiannual plans and updates, following a proposal from 
the Board of Directors;
7.
discussing the Company's geographical presence policy;
8.
discussing the Board of Directors' report on subsidiaries;
9.
being informed, pursuant to the law, of appeals lodged.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors shall be comprised of a minimum of 12 and maximum of 19 members, including a 
non-executive Chair and an executive Vice-Chair, all of whom shall be elected at a General Meeting.
The Board of Directors shall act as a body and may take decisions as long as a majority of its members is 
present. It shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month. Decisions shall be taken on 
the basis of the majority of votes cast by the members present, and the Chair shall have a casting vote.
Notwithstanding the other duties assigned by law, the Board of Directors is charged with managing the 
Issuer, in particular:
1.
requesting the convening of General Meetings;
2.
the annual drawing up of the management report, the individual and consolidated accounts for the 
year and the proposed profit distribution, to be accompanied by the Audit Committee's opinion, to 
be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for approval;
3.
approving, annually, the action program and the budget for the following year, after receiving the 
Audit Committee's opinion;
4.
discussing the purchase, sale and encumbrance of assets;
5.
discussing the opening and closure of offices and any other form of representation;
6.
discussing the expansion and curtailing of Banco Montepio's business and changes to its functional 
structure;

--- Page 138 ---
10232074867-v29
- 130 -
70-41036336
7.
setting, in general terms, the interest rates, commissions, and prices to apply to banking transactions 
and services rendered;
8.
discussing the signing and termination of cooperation agreements with other institutions and Banco 
Montepio's membership of associations;
9.
discussing the issuing of bond loans and non-convertible debt instruments;
10.
discussing the purchase, sale or encumbrance of any financial holdings in companies or groups of 
companies;
11.
requesting admission to trading on a regulated market of securities issued by Banco Montepio;
12.
drawing up mergers, split and transformation proposals;
13.
setting up the committees and commissions it deems necessary to fulfil its duties, including a 
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee and a Risk Committee, and appointing 
their members and chairs;
14.
representing Banco Montepio in or out of court, and undertake to abide by arbitration;
15.
co-opting Directors;
16.
appointing the Company Secretary and his/her alternate;
17.
appointing Banco Montepio's representatives to the governing bodies of institutions in which it has 
holdings or is a member.
The Board of Directors is charged with delegating the day-to-day management of Banco Montepio to an 
Executive Committee, as well as charging one or more directors with the handling of certain management 
matters, within the legally defined limits.
The Board of Directors shall define the make-up, operating rules and the powers of the Executive 
Committee, and shall appoint its chair, who shall be the Board of Directors vice-chair, and it may appoint 
a vice-chair.
In addition to the committees referred to in the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may also 
approve the setting up of committees to monitor, on a permanent basis, specific matters, and such 
committees shall be chaired by a member of the Board of Directors.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee shall be comprised of at least 3 and a maximum of 5 members, elected at a General 
Meeting from among the non-executive members of the Board of Directors. If one is not appointed by the 
General Meeting, the Audit Committee shall nominate a Chair from among its members.
Notwithstanding any legal requirements, the Audit Committee shall undertake a permanent assessment of 
Banco Montepio, in particular as regards its financial performance, the devising of the institution's strategy 
and general policies, the group's business structure and the decisions deemed strategic due to the sums or 
risks involved and, in particular:
1.
monitor Banco Montepio's management;
2.
monitor compliance with the law and the Articles of Association;
3.
check the correctness of the company's ledgers, accounting records and supporting documents;
4.
check the accuracy of the accounting documents;
5.
check whether the accounting policies and valuation criteria employed by Banco Montepio ensure 
the proper valuation of its assets and profits;

--- Page 139 ---
10232074867-v29
- 131 -
70-41036336
6.
draw up an annual report on its audit work and give its opinion on the report, accounts and 
proposals submitted by the Board, as well as on the action plan and budget;
7.
convene a General Meeting whenever the Chair of the General Meeting Board fails to do so;
8.
monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system;
9.
receive notices of irregularities sent by Banco Montepio shareholders, employees or others;
10.
monitor the preparation and disclosure of financial information;
11.
propose to the General Meeting the appointment of a particular Statutory Auditor;
12.
monitor the auditing of Banco Montepio's financial statements;
13.
monitor the independence of the Statutory Auditor, particularly in regard to the provision of 
additional services.
The Audit Committee Chair shall convene and preside over meetings of the Audit Committee, and shall 
have a casting vote.
The Audit Committee shall meet as often as it deems necessary and at least once a month, and whenever 
convened by its Chair, on his/her own initiative or at the request of any of its members or of the Chair of 
the Board of Directors.
Whenever it deems it necessary, the Audit Committee shall summon to its working sessions any persons 
belonging to the Banco Montepio structure, as well as the external auditors.
Members of the Audit Committee shall take part in meetings of the Executive Committee whenever the 
accounts for the year are appraised.
The Audit Committee shall keep a written record of all checks, audits and complaints received and action 
taken, and the respective outcomes.
Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be comprised of three members, 
including a Chair appointed by the Board of Directors from among its nonexecutive members or from 
among the members of the Audit Committee, and a majority of them, including the Chair, shall have the 
status of independent.
Members of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be duly qualified to discuss 
the subjects they deal with, and at least one member shall have knowledge and experience of remuneration 
policy matters.
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall perform the legal duties relating to 
remuneration policy in keeping with the law.
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall also state its opinion as to the 
suitability of the proposed supplementary retirement pension, for old age or disability, schemes for 
directors, to be approved by way of specific regulations at a General Meeting, pursuant to article 402 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais).
At least one member of the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall be present at 
General Meetings that discuss matters falling within its mandate.
The Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is empowered to set the remuneration of the Governing Bodies members, 
pursuant to article 399(1) of the Commercial Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais),

--- Page 140 ---
10232074867-v29
- 132 -
70-41036336
following preparation of the decisions by the Remuneration, Appointments and Evaluations Committee, 
foreseen in article 19 of the Banco Montepio’s Articles of Association, in accordance with the remuneration 
policy approved at a General Meeting.
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee shall consist of three members, including a Chair, appointed by the Board of Directors 
from among its non-executive members or from among Audit Committee members, who possess the 
knowledge, skills and experience required by law. A majority of Risk Committee members, including the 
Chair, shall have the status of independent.
The Risk Committee is charged with performing the duties set out in the law and, in particular:
1.
advising the Board of Directors as to Banco Montepio's risk appetite and its general, current and 
future risk strategy;
2.
assisting the Board of Directors in its supervision of the implementation of Banco Montepio's risk 
strategy;
3.
analysing the terms and conditions of Banco Montepio's products and services and providing the 
Board of Directors with a correction plan whenever its analysis shows that the terms and conditions 
do not adequately reflect the risk.;
4.
examining whether the incentives defined in Banco Montepio's remuneration policy take into 
consideration risk, capital, liquidity and expectations as to results.
The Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings.
Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee shall be comprised of three members, 
including a Chair appointed by the Board of Directors from among its non-executive members or from 
among the members of the Audit Committee, and shall possess the knowledge, experience, skills, 
understanding and personal qualities for the proper performance of their duties.
The Corporate Governance, Ethics and Sustainability Committee is responsible, among others, to support 
the Board of Directors in promoting a healthy governance culture within Banco Montepio and its 
subsidiaries; propose the adoption of a corporate governance code or the adoption of appropriate 
governance guidelines; support the Board of Directors in particular by reviewing existing documents and 
proposing amendments; analyse corporate governance and propose changes that improve the decision-
making process and improve the performance of the inherent functions; analyse the typology of committees 
and propose changes that will improve the efficiency of corporate governance; oversee the preparation of 
the Annual Corporate Governance Report; issue an opinion on the Conflict of Interest Policy, Code of 
Conduct and other documents that define ethical principles for doing business, when requested by the Board 
of Directors, or taking the initiative to review existing documents and propose amendments; assess 
mechanisms for monitoring compliance with sustainability policy, with particular attention to the impact 
on the social economy.
This Committee shall draw up minutes of its meetings.
The Statutory Auditor
The Statutory Auditor, elected at a General Meeting, following a proposal from the Audit Committee, shall 
possess the skills required by law, namely by the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades 
Comerciais). The Statutory Auditor shall attend General Meetings at which the accounts are appraised and 
whenever his presence is requested.
Conflicts of Interest
While all the members of the Governing Bodies mentioned above represent the Issuer on their respective 
boards, none of them have any conflict or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other principal activities as listed above.

--- Page 141 ---
10232074867-v29
- 133 -
70-41036336
Business Addresses
The business address of each of the Directors, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Members 
listed above is Rua Castilho, number 5, 10th floor, postal code 1250-066, Lisbon, Portugal.
Material Contracts
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Base Prospectus.
Banco Montepio and its relationship with MGAM
The information disclosed below in relation to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista (MGAM) is 
presented for information only. MGAM is not responsible for payments on the Notes issued under the 
Programme which are the sole responsibility of Banco Montepio.
Banco Montepio is a full service savings bank (caixa económica bancária) organised as public limited 
liability company (sociedade anónima) which is authorised to carry on business as a universal bank, under 
the supervision of Banco de Portugal. It has separate legal personality and its majority shareholder is 
MGAM, with 99.99 per cent. shareholding. MGAM has no responsibility in respect of Banco Montepio's 
debts. For the avoidance of doubt, MGAM will not guarantee any Notes that may be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus.
Banco Montepio was established by MGAM as a dependent entity of MGAM (caixa económica anexa) 
with a view to paying MGAM its annual net profits (subject to any deduction required by Banco Montepio's 
Articles of Association) so as to enable MGAM to meet its own objectives as a mutual benefit association 
(associação mutualista).
MGAM is a "private institution of social support" (i.e. an instituição particular de solidariedade social of 
the mutual benefits association type (associação mutualista)) whose principal goals are to promote and 
develop initiatives designed to ensure the social protection and welfare of its members, their families and 
other beneficiaries nominated by them. MGAM is not permitted to carry out banking or trading activities. 
It is limited to its principal social welfare objects. MGAM can, however, establish subsidiaries and can 
invest its funds in a number of ways. It is subject to the Portuguese Mutual Association Code. As at 31 
December 2021, the total number of MGAM's permanent members was 601,606 (598,438 as at 31 
December 2020). The welfare schemes which MGAM offers include pensions and other retirement 
benefits, disability benefits, death grants, guarantees of the payment of housing charges, life annuities, study 
schemes and other schemes for young people and a wide variety of collective schemes.
MGAM's main source of funds is membership revenues (quotas). Those funds are invested in property and 
a number of different types of securities and equity participations, particularly financial institutions 
(including its interest in Banco Montepio). It also has co-operation agreements with a variety of 
organisations in health and welfare. Other activities include the organisation of members' social functions, 
publication of a members' magazine, sponsorship of cultural, artistic and social events and the awarding of 
prizes and scholarships.
MGAM is under no legal obligation to increase Banco Montepio's share capital or otherwise to support 
Banco Montepio.
Outline of the performance of the Banco Montepio Group's domestic companies
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A.
In June 2013, Finibanco Holding, SGPS, S.A. changed its corporate name to Montepio Holding, SGPS, 
S.A.
Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. is a holding company, with a 100 per cent. stake in Montepio Investimento 
S.A., Montepio Crédito, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A., SSAGIncentive, Sociedade de Serviços 
Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A., and an 80.2 per cent. stake of voting rights in Finibanco Angola, 
S.A.

--- Page 142 ---
10232074867-v29
- 134 -
70-41036336
Until 30 December 2021, Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A. also held 100 per cent. of the capital and voting 
rights of Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A., which were sold to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista. This 
simplified the corporate structure of Banco Montepio Group.
The companies that Montepio Holding has a stake carry out a range of diversified activities, including 
banking, the provision of complementary financial services in the area of insurance, specialised consumer 
credit and long-term rentals.
Montepio Investimento, S.A.
Montepio Investimento, S.A., a bank 100 per cent. controlled by Banco Montepio, through Montepio 
Holding, SGPS, S.A., adopted the trade name of Banco de Empresas Montepio ("BEM") on 4 June 2019, 
henceforth developing, in an integrated and multidisciplinary manner, Commercial Banking and Investment 
Banking activities, aimed at placing on the market a complete, integrated and global offer of services.
Underlying the creation of BEM was the contribution that the new model would bring in terms of 
incremental business to the Banco Montepio Group. Thus, the launch of BEM was accompanied by the 
creation of the Corporate Banking Division, with the mission of managing the loans to the Companies and 
Institutional segments (excluding financial sector entities) with an annual turnover equal to or more than 
€20 million, an area particularly well suited to the development of the activity of BEM. The business 
developed and monitored by the Corporate Banking Division is accounted in Banco Montepio and BEM as 
follows, the medium and long-term loans, as well as those represented by financial instruments are 
registered in BEM's balance sheet; and the remaining operations carried out with BEM's corporate clients 
are registered in Banco Montepio's balance sheet.
The Corporate Banking area supports its customers throughout all the stages of their business cycle, with 
specific solutions for every need, namely in areas related to international trade, factoring and treasury 
management. The Investment Banking area (which incorporates the areas of Corporate Finance, Capital 
Market, Advisory Services, Financial Structuring, and Debt and Equity Distribution) supports restructuring, 
capitalisation and enhancement of the robustness of companies, thus contributing to investment and 
sustainable growth of the Portuguese private sector. For such, BEM has a team of specialised professionals 
working side by side in permanent coordination, to assure that the customers receive a global and 
personalised service.
In 2021, BEM pursued its action driven by the goal of expanding the Banco Montepio Group's offer of 
products and services directed to the corporate segment, especially the SME and middle market segments, 
and supporting their needs emerging in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.
BEM relies on 7 Corporate Centres, distributed throughout the country, where dedicated managers receive 
their customers, identify their needs, present value propositions while promoting relations of proximity.
As at 31 December 2021, the Net assets of BEM amounted to €437.7 million, showing a reduction of €15.4 
million (a decrease of 3.4 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2020. This reduction was in spite of the 
growth in loans granted as part of its objective to support the Portuguese business community (+€23.7 
million). This was driven by decreases in Cash and deposits in other credit institutions (-€28.7 million) and 
in the Securities portfolio (-€8.3 million).
Net loans and advances to customers amounted to €340.8 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to 
€317.1 million as at 31 December 2020, corresponding to an increase of €23.7 million due to the 
performance of Loans and advances to customers and Loans represented by securities. This is also 
attributable to the increased use of securitised financing (bond loans and commercial paper) in line with the 
needs of the market, through its partial placement with institutional investors. Up to September 2019, the 
loan portfolio of BEM was limited to movable and immovable property leasing under amortisation. The 
first credit operation, under the new business model, was signed at the end of September 2019, initiating a 
gradual and sustained growth of the loan portfolio.
As at 31 December 2021, Equity (€180.8 million) and Resources from other credit institutions (€241.7 
million) constituted the main source of funding, representing 96.5 per cent. of Total assets (compared to 
97.1 per cent. at the end of 2010).
In the business model adopted for the corporate and investment banking area, BEM monitors companies 
with a turnover equal to or higher than €20 million in all aspects of the relationship, although the

--- Page 143 ---
10232074867-v29
- 135 -
70-41036336
transactionality of these companies (deposits, current accounts, cards, automatic payment terminals at point 
of sale, among other operations) are assured by Banco Montepio, through the same commercial agents 
(belonging to the two banks) allowing synergies and rationalisation of costs not only in this area, but in a 
transversal way in the respective organisational structures.
In 2020, the first year of activity of BEM under the new business model, which incorporates the Corporate 
and Investment Banking areas, as well as in 2021, the evolution of the operational component was marked 
by the economic and pandemic crisis seen worldwide. Nevertheless, there was an increase in the level of 
revenues, in line with the necessary increase in operating costs arising from the allocation of resources to 
the growth of the activity.
Total operating income in the year ended 31 December 2021 reached €8.7 million, representing an increase 
of €4.4 million compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. This increase was driven by the favourable 
performance in Net interest income (an increase of €1.9 million), as a result of the sharp growth in the loans 
and advances to customers portfolio, in net commissions (an increase of €1.0 million) and the Gains on the 
sale of other assets (an increase of €0.7 million). It was also driven by favourable results from financial 
operations, which totalled €0.3 million, compared to -€1.6 million in 2020 (a positive change of €1.9 
million). However, this was offset by a decrease in participation by Restructuring Funds (Fundos de 
Reestruturação Empresarial) recorded in BEM's balance sheet inherited from Montepio Investimento's 
previous activity, ultimately translating into losses of €1.1 million in 2021.
Operating costs for the year ended 31 December 2021 decreased to €4.8 million, in comparison with €5.0 
million recorded in 2020. This was driven by a reduction in General administrative expenses (-€1.1 million), 
which include expenses for consultancy services (consultants and external auditors) and staff assignment 
(Banco Montepio) that more than offsets the increase in Personnel costs (+€0.7 million) caused by resources 
assigned to new activities and increased Depreciation and amortisation (+€0.2 million).
Income before impairments and provisions in the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to €3.9 million, 
compared to negative €0.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, reflecting the favourable change 
in operating income related with the decrease in operating costs.
Impairments and provisions amounted to €0.2 million (a substantial decrease from €3.1 million in 2020), 
reflecting the impact of the extraordinary loan impairments charges in 2020 and the improved quality of 
the loan portfolio.
Montepio Crédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A.
Montepio Crédito – Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (Montepio Crédito), 100 per cent. controlled by 
Banco Montepio, through Montepio Holding, SGPS, S.A., offers specialised credit in the automobile, home 
and services sectors, and equipment, complemented by a set of solutions for customers that are individuals, 
companies and institutions of the Social Economy sector. The specialised credit segment shows one of the 
vertices of the Banco Montepio Group's strategy, reflecting the focus on consumer credit.
As a result of the repositioning made in terms of the Banco Montepio Group and the strong and solid 
relations established with its partners, based on the experience acquired over the years, Montepio Crédito 
has developed a specialised offer of credit solutions in the following areas: Automobile, Health, Automobile 
Repair, Telecommunications and Furniture for the segment of individuals; and Logistics, Water, Transport, 
Energy, Energy Efficiency and Industry for the segment of companies.
Montepio Crédito has an extensive team of professionals in the networks in which it operates, in order to 
provide the best service and support to its customers, through the diversity of its specialised offer in the 
areas of personal credit, loans linked to an asset, movable property leases and operating leases (renting). 
The entire team relies on the centralised support of a specialised back-office.
As at 31 December 2021, Net assets totalled €616.9 million, representing an increase of 0.5 per cent. from 
€613.8 million as at 31 December 2020, despite the termination of the Pelican Finance No.1 securitisation 
transaction. This impacted individual asset items (noting that there was no effect at the Banco Montepio 
Group consolidated level), with emphasis on Other financial assets at amortised cost (a decrease of €28.2 
million).
Loans and advances to customers (net of impairments) reached €550.2 million as at 31 December 2021, 
representing an increase of €38.4 million (+7.5 per cent.) compared to 31 December 2020.

--- Page 144 ---
10232074867-v29
- 136 -
70-41036336
The securities portfolio totalled €55.6 million on 31 December 2021, representing a decrease of €31.0 
million from 2020, attributable to the showing of the impact of the liquidation of the securitisation 
transaction that occurred in March 2021.
As at 31 December 2021, Equity amounted to €62.4 million, showing an increase of €5.5 million (9.7 per 
cent.) compared to €56.8 million as at 31 December 2020, underpinned by the increase in net income.
Total operating income reached €20.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to €20.1 
million in the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of €0.6 million (3.0 per cent.) due to 
the increase in Net interest income by €1.7 million (an increase of 15.8 per cent.) and in net commissions 
by €0.2 million (an increase of 4.4 per cent.), notwithstanding the decrease in Other operating income by 
€1.3 million (a decrease of 704.2 per cent.).
In the year ended 31 December 2021, Operating costs amounted to €12.7 million, corresponding to an 
increase of €0.4 million (3.5 per cent.) compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, caused by the 
increase of €0.2 million (2.8 per cent.) in Staff costs, by the General administrative expenses increase by 
€0.1 million (an increase of 3.0 per cent.) and by €0.1 million (12.9 per cent.) in Depreciation and 
amortisation.
Income before impairments and provisions in the year ended 31 December 2021 rose to €8.0 million from 
€7.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of €0.2 million, sustained by 
the increase in operating income, notwithstanding the increase in operating costs.
Montepio Valor – SGOIC, S.A.
On 31 December 2020 and until 30 December 2021, the Group held 100 per cent. of Montepio Valor- 
SGOIC, S.A. which was sold to Montepio Geral Associação Mutualista on 30 December 2021. The main 
business activity of Montepio Valor - SGOIC, S.A. is the management of real estate investment funds.
SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e Gestão de Imóveis, S.A.
SSAGIncentive - Sociedade de Serviços Auxiliares e de Gestão de Imóveis, S.A. ("SSAGIncentive"), is 
100 per cent. controlled by Banco Montepio through Montepio Holding SGPS, S.A., with its corporate 
object being the real estate properties management and trading.
As at 31 December 2021, the Assets of SSAGIncentive amounted to €54.9 million, showing a 3.3 per cent. 
reduction in comparison to €56.7 million accounted in 2020.
The real estate properties under management are accounted as inventories and refer to the acquisitions made 
to Banco Montepio of immovable properties for sale, namely fractions of real estate valued at market value. 
On 31 December 2021 the inventories amounted to €24.3 million, of which €10.0 million refer to buildings 
and €14.3 million refer to land, showing a reduction of €11.8 million compared to €36.1 million recorded 
as at 31 December 2020, as a result of the sales throughout 2021.
Cash and bank deposits totalled €30.6 million as at 31 December 2021, representing an increase of €10.0 
million compared to €20.6 million recorded at the end of 2020.
As at 31 December 2021, Equity stood at €54.6 million, compared to €56.5 million as at 31 December 
2020, reflecting the unfavourable impact of the 2021 net income which was negative by €1.9 million. Equity 
was the main source of funding, representing 99.5 per cent. of Total assets compared to 99.6 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020.
Sales and services provided amounted to €10.5 million in 2021, compared to €4.4 million in 2020, 
corresponding to the amounts arising from sales of inventories under SSAGIncentive's current activity.
Cost of goods sold and materials consumed reached €10.1 million in 2021, representing an increase of €5.9 
million compared to 2020, and represents the acquisition cost of the properties sold, after deducting the 
respective.
Impairment of inventories amounted to €1.7 million in 2021 in comparison to €0.2 million in 2020 due to 
the increase of impairments of real estate properties for trading in 2021.

--- Page 145 ---
10232074867-v29
- 137 -
70-41036336
The Other income stood at €0.1 million in 2021 compared to €0.3 million in 2020 and comprised tax refunds 
relating to real estate sold, income obtained from real estate and other income.
Other costs and losses, which includes costs related to maintenance, legalisation and sales promotion of 
real estate properties, amounted to €0.6 million in 2021 compared to €1.4 million in 2020.
The operating profit in 2021 stood at negative €1.9 million, compared to negative €1.2 million recorded in 
2020, mainly as a result of the higher level of inventories' impairment recorded in the year.

--- Page 146 ---
10232074867-v29
- 138 -
70-41036336
THE PORTUGUESE BANKING SECTOR
Portugal is a founding member of the Economic and Monetary European Union and adopted the single 
European currency, the euro, on 1 January 1999. To be part of such an important project and to become a 
Euro-zone member, Portugal had to implement convergence policies and a steady process of deregulation 
and liberalisation of the financial sector, which has resulted in important structural and operational changes 
in banking regulations in order to bring them into line with European Commission ("EC") legislative 
practice.
Regulations governing financial institutions have undergone a series of amendments since 1992. In 
particular, the RGICSF, establishes the conditions for the access to the activity of credit institutions and 
financial companies. It largely reflects the European Union ("EU") Directives in this field, and covers the 
following aspects: authorisation and registration procedures; assessment of the suitability of qualifying 
shareholders; assessment of the suitability and professional qualifications of the members of the 
management and auditing boards; rules of conduct and relationship with clients; cooperation with other 
authorities; rules and prudential limits, including on capital buffer requirements; supervisory procedures; 
corrective measures, interim management and resolution; deposit guarantee; penalty framework.
The RGICSF introduced a comprehensive regulatory framework into Portugal in line with EC directives, 
which adopted the "universal bank" model and included several regulatory measures such as: the prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (Basel III); the strengthening of the "fit and proper 
evaluation" for members of corporate bodies and other relevant officials; the establishment of prudential 
and supervisory rules; the regulation for foreign banks operating in Portugal and Portuguese banks 
operating abroad; the restrictions in the social bodies' remuneration policy.
The increasingly competitive environment gave rise to a number of acquisitions amongst Portuguese banks 
and the establishment of larger financial groups in Portugal, more cross-selling initiatives, and increased 
focus on the expansion of the market for personal loans, mortgages and credit cards in Portugal, more 
frequent advertising campaigns and competitive pricing strategies.
On 30 July 2014, Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. ("BES") announced losses largely above the foreseeable 
values in the light of information disclosed by BES and its external auditor. The results disclosed on 30 
July 2014 reflected the practice of management acts seriously detrimental to the interests of BES and the 
violation of determinations of Banco de Portugal that prohibited an increase in the exposure to other entities 
of the Grupo Espírito Santo.
Against this background, problems arose regarding the continuity of BES activity. Considering the 
importance of BES in the Portuguese banking system and in the financing to the economy, these problems 
endangered the stability of the national payment and financial systems, which prompted an imperative and 
very urgent intervention by Banco de Portugal.
The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. ("BES")
The Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal decided on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to 
BES. The general activity and assets of BES were transferred, immediately and definitively, to a bridge 
bank, Novo Banco, S.A. ("Novobanco"), which was specifically set up for this purpose with management 
appointed by Banco de Portugal, which was duly capitalised and held no problem assets. Deposits have 
been fully preserved, as well as all unsubordinated bonds.
The contents of the contractual relationship with the customers remained unchanged. The branches of 
Novobanco continued to operate as usual and the BES' employees became Novobanco's employees, their 
rights being safeguarded.
With the application of a resolution measure to BES a separation was made between:

problem assets, which in essence corresponded to liabilities of other entities of the Grupo Espírito 
Santo and to shareholdings of Banco Espírito Santo Angola, S.A. whose losses were borne by the 
shareholders and subordinated creditors of BES; and

the remaining assets and liabilities, which were integrated in Novobanco, a duly capitalised bank, 
and ensured full continuity of the institution's activity, with no impact on its customers, 
collaborators or suppliers.

--- Page 147 ---
10232074867-v29
- 139 -
70-41036336
In line with the EC regulatory framework, the capitalisation of Novobanco was ensured by the Resolution 
Fund, supported by the financial sector, and the losses related to problem assets were borne by shareholders 
and subordinated creditors of BES. Novobanco is subject to Banco de Portugal's supervision and is obliged 
to comply with all legal and regulatory rules applicable to Portuguese banks.
The equity capital of Novobanco, to the amount of €4.9 billion, was fully underwritten by the Resolution 
Fund. The Resolution Fund's sources of funding are the contributions paid by its member institutions and 
the proceeds from the levy over the banking sector, which, according to applicable regulations, are collected 
without jeopardising the solvency ratios.
As the Resolution Fund started its operations in 2012 and did not have sufficient financial resources 
available to finance the resolution measure applied to BES, the Resolution Fund took out a loan from the 
Portuguese Government in an amount of €3.9 billion and a loan from the institutions participating in the 
Resolution Fund in an amount of €700 million, both to be paid until December 2046.
On 29 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal approved a number of decisions that 
completed the resolution measure applied to BES. Based on evidence that the economic and financial 
situation of Novobanco had been negatively affected since the date of its setting-up by additional losses 
which were related to events predating the resolution date, Banco de Portugal decided to transfer the liability 
for certain non-subordinated bonds issued by the latter, and offered to institutional investors, back to BES.
The nominal amount of the bonds retransferred to BES totalled €1,941 million and corresponded to a 
balance-sheet amount of €1,985 million. These bonds were originally issued by BES and were specifically 
placed with qualified investors, with a minimum denomination of €100,000.
The original resolution decision expressly provided that Banco de Portugal, as the Resolution Authority, 
in use of its powers, could at any time re-transfer assets and liabilities between BES and Novobanco. In 
accordance with Banco de Portugal, this measure was necessary to ensure that, as stipulated in the resolution 
regime, the losses of BES were absorbed by this institution's shareholders and creditors and not by the 
resolution fund or the taxpayers, protecting all depositors of Novobanco, the creditors for services provided 
and other categories of unsecured creditors.
In addition to the measure mentioned above, Banco de Portugal made a final adjustment to the perimeter 
of the assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novobanco, 
namely including (i) clarification that no liabilities have been transferred to Novobanco that were contingent 
or unknown on the date the resolution measure was applied to BES; (ii) retransfer to BES of the 
shareholding in BES Finance, which was necessary to ensure full compliance with and application of the 
resolution measure as regards the non-transfer to Novobanco of subordinated debt instruments issued by 
BES; (iii) clarification that it was the Resolution Fund's responsibility, upon the fulfilment of certain 
conditions, to make neutral for Novobanco – through an appropriate measure – potential negative effects 
of future decisions, resulting from the resolution process and giving rise to liabilities or contingencies.
These decisions were the final and definitive adjustment of the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-
balance-sheet items and assets under management transferred to Novobanco, which was deemed 
definitively fixed. As a consequence, Banco de Portugal asked the European Central Bank to withdraw the 
authorisation of BES, starting the judicial liquidation proceedings.
These developments, as well as the agreement with the European Commission on the commitments to be 
applied to Novobanco, removed uncertainties and made a positive contribution to the relaunch of the sale 
process of the Resolution Fund's participation in the share capital of Novobanco in January 2016.
On 20 February 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that it had selected Lone Star for the final stage of 
exclusive negotiations with a view to agreeing the final terms and conditions for the sale of Novobanco. 
Banco de Portugal then conducted the second sale process of Novobanco after the application of the 
resolution measure to BES in August 2014. On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal announced that a share 
purchase and subscription agreement relating to the share capital of Novobanco was entered into between 
the Resolution Fund and Lone Star Fund, which was pending the completion of the compliance with several 
conditions precedent.
The sale process of Novobanco was concluded on 18 October 2017 with an injection by the new shareholder 
(investment funds managed by North-American group Lone Star) of €750 million and €250 million, carried

--- Page 148 ---
10232074867-v29
- 140 -
70-41036336
out in October and December, respectively. The conclusion of this operation brought to a close a complex 
negotiation process with the new shareholder, European institutions and other domestic institutions, in close 
cooperation with the Portuguese Government.
Since 18 October 2017 Novobanco is held by Lone Star and the Resolution Fund, which hold 75 per cent. 
and 25 per cent. of the share capital, respectively. Novobanco ceased to be a transition bank and started to 
operate on a normal basis, although it is still subject to certain measures imposed by the European 
competition authority restricting its activity.
Prior to the sale, Novobanco undertook a Liability Management Exercise ("LME") on 36 bond series with 
a book value of approximately €3 billion. The operation was successful, having achieved the purchase and 
redemption of bonds representing 73 per cent. of their book value.
In line with the conditions agreed in the sale process of Novobanco, a Contingent Capital Agreement 
("CCA") was set up, which will be managed by the Resolution Fund that retained a 25 per cent. stake in 
the capital of Novobanco. This agreement is in force until 31 December 2025 (and may be extended until 
31 December 2026) and is limited to an absolute maximum amount of €3,89 billion compensation for losses 
that may be recognised in some of Novobanco's problematic assets, in case its capital ratios decrease below 
a predefined threshold.
On 28 March 2018, Novobanco announced the results for the year 2017, which resulted in the activation of 
the contingent capitalisation mechanism provided for in the agreements entered into in connection with the 
sale of Novobanco.
The amount to be paid by the Resolution Fund under the CCA shall be the lowest amount resulting from 
the comparison between the accumulated value of the losses on the assets that make up the CCA and the 
value of the insufficiency of capital of Novobanco compared to the agreed levels.
The Resolution Fund payments are settled after the legal certification of Novobanco's accounts and after a 
verification procedure to be carried out by an independent entity, to confirm that the amount payable by the 
Resolution Fund has been correctly determined.
The Resolution Fund made a payment of about €792 million in 2018, €1,149 million in 2019, €1,035 million 
in May 2020 and €429 million in 2021 (€317 million in June and €112 million in December).
To this end, the Resolution Fund used its own resources (resulting from contributions due, directly and 
indirectly, by the banking sector) and also resorted to a loan from the State, amounting to €450 million in 
2018, and €850 million in 2019 and 2020, which corresponds to the annual maximum amount agreed 
between the Resolution Fund and the State in October 2017. The amount paid by the Resolution Fund in 
2021 was fully financed with resources from a loan obtained from seven Portuguese credit institutions.
With regard to the amount requested to the Resolution Fund, relative to the year 2020, two divergences 
remain outstanding as a result of disputes between Novobanco and the Resolution Fund, concerning (i) the 
provision for discontinued operations in Spain and (ii) the valuation of investment units that are subject to 
an arbitration decision. Novobanco considers these amounts (being €165 million) as due under the 
contingent capitalisation mechanism and is actioning contractual claims to them.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Resolution Fund has already paid to Novobanco 88 per cent. of 
the CCA amount in the first 4 years of the 8 years foreseen for the term of the CCA.
In the 2021 Results presentation, Novobanco announced that the amount of compensation to be requested 
in 2022, with reference to 2021, amounts to €209.3 million under the CCA as a result of the losses incurred 
on the assets covered by the contingent capitalisation mechanism and the regulatory capital requirements 
applicable at the end of 2021 under the contingent capitalisation mechanism.
To date, the Resolution Fund has disbursed a total of €8,305 million for financial support to the resolution 
measure applied to BES, of which €4,900 million corresponds to Novobanco's capital subscription in 
August 2014, €792 million, €1,149 million, €1,035 million, and €429 million to the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 
2021 payments respectively under the CCA.
In accordance with the Press Release No. 76/22 of 5 May 2022, published by the Court of Justice of the 
European Union, the Portuguese legislation which provides the basis for the resolution action in respect of

--- Page 149 ---
10232074867-v29
- 141 -
70-41036336
Banco Espírito Santo is compatible with the right to property. By transposing the directive on the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions only in part prior to the expiry of the period prescribed for transposition, 
Portugal has not compromised the result prescribed by that directive.
The resolution measure applied to Banif
In January 2013 Banif was recapitalised by the Portuguese Government in the amount of €1,100 million 
(€700 million under the form of special shares and €400 million in hybrid instruments). The recapitalisation 
plan also included a capital increase by private investors in the amount of €450 million, which was 
concluded in June 2014. Since then, Banif reimbursed the State with €275 million of hybrid instruments, 
but was not able to reimburse the €125 million tranche that matured in December 2014.
The public recapitalisation had been approved by the European Commission (DG-COMP), with final 
approval being subject to the presentation of a Restructuring Plan for Banif. Between April 2013 and 
October 2014, Banif submitted to DG-COMP several versions of the Restructuring Plan. However, none 
of the submitted versions was approved and on 24 July 2015, DG-COMP communicated its decision to 
open an in-depth investigation process on the potential State aid to Banif.
In the period following the recapitalisation of Banif with public funds, Banco de Portugal, as the prudential 
supervisory authority (a competence that since November 2014 has been exercised by the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism) monitored the institution very closely.
In that period, there were several deviations from the assumptions considered in Banif's Recapitalisation 
Plan. In terms of positive deviations, there was a reduction in structure costs and, until the end of 2014, an 
improvement in the liquidity position with the diversification of funding sources and the stability of the 
depositors' base. However, the absence of an approved restructuring plan, worsened by a less favourable 
economic environment, led to significant negative deviations of Banif's results from the projected amounts. 
In spite of these difficulties, Banif always maintained its prudential ratios above the legal thresholds.
In the wake of the in-depth investigation procedure opened by the European Commission on the State aid 
received by Banif, and considering the possibility that this aid could be considered illegal and therefore its 
reimbursement would be required, the shareholders and members of the Board of Directors of Banif started 
the process for the sale of the institution.
On 19 December 2015, the Ministry of Finance informed Banco de Portugal that it had not been possible 
to sell Banif's assets and liabilities through a voluntary sale process, since all the proposals submitted by 
potential buyers implied additional State aid. This determined that the sale would have to be made in the 
context of a resolution.
Taking into consideration (i) the consequences of the possibility that the State aid provided to Banif could 
be declared illegal by the European Commission, which would create a very serious capital shortage; (ii) 
the position of the European bodies that the sale of Banif with recourse to State aid would only be viable 
in the context of a resolution; (iii) the impact of frustrated expectations related to the voluntary sale on 
Banif's liquidity situation and the resulting risks for the maintenance of its regular payment flows and for 
meeting its obligations towards the customers, the national authorities have decided to sell Banif to Banco 
Santander Totta for the amount of €150 million, in the framework of a resolution tool.
On 20 December 2015, Banco de Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which notably resulted in 
the acquisition by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. of a set of rights and obligations, that constituted assets, 
liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif, in the amount of €150 million, 
as listed in the resolution passed by Banco de Portugal in that respect. Accordingly, the overall activity of 
Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, except for the assets transferred to an asset management 
vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the context of the application by Banco de Portugal of the aforementioned 
resolution measure. This operation involved an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future 
contingencies, of which €489 million are supported by the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan 
in the same amount granted by the Portuguese Government (the "2015 Portuguese Government Loan") 
and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese Government, as a result of the definition of the assets, 
liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under the management of Banif perimeter agreed by and 
between the Portuguese and European authorities and Banco Santander Totta, S.A. to be sold in this context. 
The current outstanding principal amount of the 2015 Portuguese Government Loan is €353 million.

--- Page 150 ---
10232074867-v29
- 142 -
70-41036336
According to this decision, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta, with the 
exception of problematic assets which were transferred to an asset management vehicle. Banif maintained 
a very limited set of assets to be wound up in the future, as well as the shareholders' positions, subordinated 
credit and related entities. The Resolution Fund is ultimately financed by the banking system, and thus the 
outcome of any disposals to be made by or on behalf of the Resolution Fund will ultimately be borne by 
the institutions which are required to fund the Resolution Fund, including the Issuer.
Key indicators
In 2021, the Portuguese banking system's return on assets ("ROA") increased by 0.41 p.p. to 0.45 per cent. 
Return on equity ("ROE") increased by 4.9 p.p. to 5.4 per cent. Operating results remained stable compared 
to 2020.
Profitability improved as a result of the decrease in net provisions and impairments, and to a lesser degree 
from the increase in results from financial operations.
After the significant increase in 2020, linked to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the cost of 
credit risk decreased by 0.68 p.p. to 0.33 per cent. in 2021.
The cost-to-income ratio maintained the trend of reduction that began in 2019, standing at 53.4 per cent. in 
2021 (-4.4 p.p. compared to 2020). The main contribution to this reduction came from the increase in 
operating income and, to a lesser to a lesser extent, the reduction in operating costs.
In 2021, the NPL ratio decreased by 1.3 p.p. to 3.6 per cent, which was reflective of the decrease in NPLs 
and the increase in performing loans, with contributions of -0.3 p.p. and -0.1 p.p. respectively. The NPL 
ratio net of impairments stood at 1.7 per cent.
The gross NPL ratios of NFCs and individuals stood at 8.1 per cent. (-0.3 p.p.) and 2.8 per cent. (-0.2 p.p.) 
respectively, with its change reflecting in particular the reduction in NPLs.
In 2021, the NPL net impairment ratio was 1.7 per cent. 0.5 p.p. down from December 2020. The NPL 
coverage ratio by impairments decreased 2.8 p.p. to 52.2 per cent. This reflected the decrease in 
accumulated impairments, partially offset by the reduction in NPLs. NFCs decreased by 3.5 p.p. to 52.9 per 
cent. For individuals, the coverage ratio increased by 0.6 p.p. to 50.9 per cent., with an increase of 0.3 p.p. 
in consumption and other purposes, to 64.8 per cent., and a decrease of 1.5 p.p. in the housing segment to 
32.6 per cent..
In 2021, total assets increased by 8 per cent. This increase was particularly due to the growth in deposits at 
central banks and loans and advances to customers. The loan-to-deposit ratio decreased 3.5 p.p. to 81.2 per 
cent. as a result of an increase by 8.7 per cent. in customer deposits, offset by a 8.0 per cent. increase in 
loans and advances to customers. The weight of funding obtained from central banks increased by 1.6 p.p 
to represent 9.4 per cent. of total assets.
In December 2021, the liquidity coverage ratio was 260 per cent. an increase of 14 p.p. in relation to 
September, especially as a result of the increase in liquid assets.
In 2021, the Portuguese banking system maintained its trajectory of strengthening capital ratios, with the 
total capital ratio reaching 18.0 per cent, in line with the end of 2020. In the same period, the CET1 rose 
from 15.3 per cent. to 15.5 per cent. This was mainly due to the decrease in RWA, partially offset by the 
decrease in own funds. The RWA density (given by the RWA divided by the total net assets) decreased by 
4.6 p.p. to 44.0 per cent., as a result of an increase in assets and the reduction in RWA.
In December 2021, the prudential leverage ratio, measured as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to total exposure, 
was 7.0 per cent., representing a decrease by 0.7 p.p. from December 2020. This reflected a greater increase 
in the total exposure of the banking system in light of the increase in Tier 1 capital.
Banking regulation in Portugal
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The banking activities of the Issuer are subject to 
extensive regulation by Banco de Portugal and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") 
and the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), mainly relating to liquidity levels, solvency and

--- Page 151 ---
10232074867-v29
- 143 -
70-41036336
provisioning, as well as extensive regulation by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the 
"CMVM").
The Portuguese financial industry has been reacting to a steady stream of changes in the regulatory and 
legal framework since the early 1980s. Portugal implemented legislation bringing Portuguese banking 
regulations in line with EU legislative practice. In particular, the RGICSF made a noticeable impact on the 
Portuguese financial sector by introducing a comprehensive regulatory framework in Portugal in line with 
EU Directives, abolishing the distinction between investment and commercial banks, establishing 
prudential and supervisory rules, revising the regulation of foreign banks operating in Portugal and 
Portuguese banks operating abroad and creating a deposit guarantee fund in order to protect depositors.
In 2013, the European authorities approved a new legislative package to strengthen the regulation of the 
banking sector and to implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, replacing the former 
Capital Requirements Directives (2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC): (i) Regulation 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, establishing new and detailed prudential requirements that 
institutions need to comply with (the Capital Requirements Regulation or "CRR") and (ii) Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 June 2013, on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the Capital Requirements Directive 
IV or "CRD IV"). The package entered into force on 1 January 2014 but the full application of the new 
Basel III regulations is being gradually introduced, with this process usually being referred to as "phasing-
in". The full assumption of the new regulations, without considering transitional plans, is referred to as "full 
implementation". The "phasing-in" process is currently in force, and it is on this basis that Banco de 
Portugal defines and requires the regulatory minimum ratios to be complied with.
To ensure a smooth transition to the new Basel III rules, instruments that do not meet the new rules are 
phased out over a 10-year period, provided they were issued prior to 12 September 2010. The CRR set the 
cut-off date at 31 December 2011 (except for instruments used for the recapitalisation of banks by Member 
States, where special rules apply). Under Basel III, capital instruments that do not meet the stricter eligibility 
criteria will be phased out over an eight-year period (starting in 2014).
By 31 December 2013, EU member states were required to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD IV. The provisions of the CRD IV have already 
been implemented in Portugal.
The CRR includes provisions regarding, for instance, own funds requirements, minimum capital ratios and 
liquidity ratios.
With reference to liquidity risks, the Basel III recommendations transposed into CRD IV imply the 
implementation of the liquidity coverage ratios known as "LCR" (short-term ratio in a severe stress 
scenario) and Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") (medium-term).
The LCR addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquid assets to meet short-term liquidity needs under a 
severe stress scenario. The LCR was introduced gradually starting from October 2015 with a minimum 
level of 60 per cent. and was fully implemented in January 2018 comprising the minimum required ratio of 
100 per cent., one year earlier than the Basel Committee had recommended. As at 31 December 2020, the 
Issuer's LCR was 200.7 per cent. (179.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019), above the 100 per cent. 
minimum regulatory requirement in force since 1 January 2018.
The NSFR, which was to be implemented in 2018 but was delayed until June 2021, will seek to establish a 
minimum acceptable amount of stable funding based on the liquidity characteristics of an institution's assets 
and activities over one year period. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's NSFR stood at 109.8 per cent. 
(105.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019), above the 100 per cent. minimum regulatory requirement that 
will be in force.
Banks' strategies had to change with respect to liquidity compliance and a more sustainable balance sheet. 
In order to meet the requirements, some adjustments have been made or are in progress; liquidity regulation 
ensures banks maintain a certain level of highly liquid assets, which may imply lower profitability. At the 
same time, financing costs may increase since long-term financing is favoured in relation to short-term 
financing.

--- Page 152 ---
10232074867-v29
- 144 -
70-41036336
The CRD IV/CRR requirements adopted in Portugal may change, whether as a result of further changes to 
the CRD IV/CRR agreed by EU legislators, or binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by 
the EBA, or changes to the way in which these requirements apply to Portuguese banks. On 23 November 
2016, the European Commission presented a proposal with a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks. These proposals aimed to complete the reform of the financial 
regulatory system, to bring back financial stability and market confidence by implementing some 
outstanding elements, which are essential to further reinforce banks' ability to withstand potential shocks. 
The proposals also fine-tune the new regulatory framework, where necessary, to make it more growth-
friendly and proportionate to banks' complexity, size and business profile. It also included measures that 
will support SMEs and investment in infrastructure.
This proposal amended the following pieces of legislation:
(a)
the CRR and the CRD IV, adopted in 2013 and which set out prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, and rules on governance and supervision; and
(b)
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation ("SRM Regulation"), adopted in 2014 and which spell out the rules on the recovery 
and resolution of failing institutions, and establish the Single Resolution Mechanism.
The proposal also included phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the 
ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework, including potential changes to relevant 
accounting standards, which may in turn result in changes to the methodologies which the Issuer is required 
to adopt for the valuation of financial instruments. The adoption of IFRS 9 requires an increase in the level 
of impairments and changes in the fair value of financial instruments which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition, operating results and, if such changes are significant, also on its 
prospects.
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the EU agreed to such proposal and asked the presidency to start 
negotiations with the European Parliament. The European Parliament confirmed its position on the proposal 
at its June 2018 plenary. The European Parliament and Council of the EU reached agreement on the main 
elements of the EU Banking Reforms in late 2018, which were endorsed by the Committee of Permanent 
Representatives ("COREPER") on 30 November 2018 and approved by the Economic and Financial 
Affairs Council on 4 December 2018. In February 2019, COREPER endorsed the positions agreed with the 
European Parliament on all elements of the EU Banking Reforms. The agreed text was adopted by the 
European Parliament on 16 April 2019. COREPER approved the EU Banking Reforms on 7 May 2019 and 
the Council of the EU formally approved the EU Banking Reforms on 14 May 2019.
The CRD-V package amendments contain three groups of provisions, covering capital and liquidity 
requirements, aspects of proportionality, and the EU's resolution framework.
The European Parliament, the Council and the EC agreed in October 2017 on some elements of the review 
of the CRD-V package, namely creation of a new category of unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency 
ranking, on the implementation of the IFRS 9 and on rules limiting large exposures to a single counterparty. 
On 1 January 2018, Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, entered into force, amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements for mitigating 
the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment of certain 
public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State.
On 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU, the following were published:

Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"); and

Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II");
both BRRD II and SRMR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II shall be implemented on or 
before 28 December 2020 and SRMR II shall apply from 28 December 2020.

--- Page 153 ---
10232074867-v29
- 145 -
70-41036336
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements ("CRR II"); and
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures ("CRD V").
Regarding capital ratios, according to the CRR and Banco de Portugal Regulations, banks are subject to a 
minimum compliance of 4.5 per cent. (Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), of 6 per cent. (Tier 1) and of 8 per 
cent. (Total Capital Ratio) with gradually increasing buffers until 1 January 2021.
The CRD IV included general rules and supervision powers, wages, governance and disclosure 
requirements, as well as an introduction of five additional capital buffers:

A capital conservation buffer 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of CET1 Capital;

A countercyclical capital buffer between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, comprised of 
CET1 Capital, pursuant to the conditions to be established by the competent authorities;

A macro prudential systemic risk buffer of up to 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, depending on 
the economic outlook, to address systemic risks of a long-term, non-cyclical nature that are not 
covered by the CRR; and

A systemic institutions risk buffer: i) applicable to the institutions with a global systemic 
importance: between 1 and 3.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets; and ii) applicable to Other 
Systemically Important Institutions ("O-SII"): between 0 and 2 per cent. of risk-weighted assets. 
These buffers shall consist of CET1 Capital.
These buffers, apart from the macro prudential systemic risk buffer, have been gradually applied since 
2016.
As regards Portuguese banks, Banco de Portugal decided that the capital conservation buffer would be 
phased-in. In September 2015, Banco de Portugal determined a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. 
(Regulatory Notice (Aviso) 1/2015) to be applied from January 2016. On 31 May 2016, Banco de Portugal 
issued Notice 6/2016 revoking Notice 1/2015, which determined the conservation buffer to be 0.625 per 
cent. in 2016, with an increase of 0.625 per cent. per year until 2019. As of January 2017, the buffer was 
set at 1.25 per cent., as of 1 January 2018 it was set at 1.875 per cent., and as of 1 January 2019 at 2.5 per 
cent.
Banco de Portugal has also decided to set the counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk-
weighted assets. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of 
credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of Banco de Portugal or the 
ECB, as applicable. Banco de Portugal will review this decision on a quarterly basis. At its most recent 
revision, on 29 March 2022, Banco de Portugal determined a countercyclical capital buffer rate of 0 per 
cent. to be in force as from 1 April 2022.
On 29 July 2016, and as subsequently confirmed on 30 November 2016, Banco de Portugal, after having 
duly notified the ECB and after having consulted the National Council of Financial Supervisors, decided 
to apply a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer published on 29 December 2015 to the identified 
Portuguese O-SIIs. The timeline for the phase-in of the O-SII buffer was 50 per cent. as at 1 January 2018 
and 100 per cent. as at 1 January 2019. The application of a two-year phase-in regime of the O-SII buffer 
had the main purpose of ensuring a level playing field in terms of the decisions on the O-SII buffer between 
Portuguese institutions and their European peers operating in similar macroeconomic environments.
In a press release dated 30 November 2018, Banco de Portugal announced the annual revision of the 
identification of O-SIIs and the imposition of capital buffers, pursuant to Article 138-R (2) of the RGICSF 
and in the exercise of Banco de Portugal's powers as national macro prudential authority. For this purpose, 
Banco de Portugal notified the European Central Bank, in accordance with Article 5 of Council Regulation

--- Page 154 ---
10232074867-v29
- 146 -
70-41036336
(EU) No. 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, which did not object to the draft decision, and consulted with the 
National Council of Financial Supervisors, under Article 2 (3) (c) of Decree-Law no. 143/2013, of 18 
October 2013. Banco de Portugal kept both the methodology and the O-SII capital buffer levels unchanged, 
but decided to extend the phase-in period – the initial two-year period was converted into a four-year period 
– taking into consideration the challenges facing the Portuguese banking system, in a context where interest 
rates remained very low.
As set out in the legal and regulatory provisions, Banco de Portugal published the table with the names of 
the banking groups identified as O-SIIs in 2018 and the respective capital buffers as a percentage of the 
total risk exposure amount. The Issuer has been classified as an O-SII and the buffers shall consist of CET1 
on a consolidated basis and shall be met as follows: 25 per cent. on 1 January 2018, 50 per cent. on 1 
January 2019, 75 per cent. on 1 January 2020 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 2021. The O-SII buffer 
identified for the Issuer was 0.0625 per cent. as at 1 January 2018, 0.125 per cent. as at 1 January 2019, 
0.1875 per cent. as at 1 January 2020 and 0.250 per cent. as at 1 January 2021.
On 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published a press release on the decision to postpone the phase-in period 
of the capital buffer for O-SII, the category on which the Issuer falls. As part of the COVID-19 related 
measures, Banco de Portugal has decided to postpone the phase-in period of the O-SII buffer by 1 year. As 
such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold on 1 January 2021 was 
postponed to 1 January 2022; as a consequence, the current requirements for Banco Montepio are: 0.25 per 
cent. from January 2022 onwards. These buffers will be revised annually or if a significant restructuring 
process occurs, such as a merger or acquisition. The date for next revision is tentatively scheduled for 30 
November 2022.
Banco de Portugal takes pre-emptive regulatory and supervisory measures in order to prevent risks and 
maintain the good solvency of the Portuguese banks. On an annual basis, Banco de Portugal assesses 
whether there is a need to require institutions to hold own funds in excess of the legally established 
minimum requirements and to comply with specific liquidity requirements and other measures it lays down. 
This assessment is done under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), which comprises 
a set of procedures carried out by the supervisory authorities to ensure each credit institution has in place 
the strategies, processes, capital and liquidity that are appropriate to the risks to which it is or might be 
exposed to. This process implements Basel Pillar 2 in European and national legislation.
The SREP also assesses the risk each institution poses to the financial system. This process therefore makes 
it possible to determine capital and liquidity requirements and other supervisory measures to address the 
specific weaknesses of each institution. This methodology provides for a holistic and forward-looking 
assessment of the viability of the supervised institution. The SREP is conducted in a proportional manner, 
both to significant institutions and less significant institutions ("LSIs"). The frequency and intensity of the 
SREP assessment takes into account the potential impact each institution may have on the financial system 
and its specific risk profile.
The deepening of supervision by Banco de Portugal, following the financial and economic crisis, has 
resulted in a broadening of the areas covered as well as in a greater frequency of prudential reporting 
obligations.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Montepio's minimum capital ratio requirements under Pillar 
1, on a consolidated basis, are: 4.5 per cent. for CET1, 6.0 per cent. for Tier 1 and 8.0 per cent. for Total 
Capital. Under the SREP, Banco de Portugal determined for Banco Montepio an additional 3.25 per cent. 
Pillar 2 requirement to be met from 1 July 2019 onwards, on a consolidated basis. Including the applicable 
buffers, as of 1 January 2021 Banco Montepio was required to comply with the capital ratio requirements 
(on a consolidated and phasing-in basis) of 9.022 per cent. for CET1, 11.131 per cent. for Tier 1 and 13.944 
per cent. for Total Capital. As of 31 December 2021 the Common equity tier 1, the Tier 1 and the Total 
Capital ratios reported by Banco Montepio were above the prudential levels (including the combined buffer 
requirements) required by Banco de Portugal, as the authority responsible for Banco Montepio's supervision 
on a consolidated basis in the context of the SREP. As of 31 December 2021, the Total Capital ratio of the 
Issuer, on a consolidated and phasing-in basis was 15.1 per cent. (13.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) 
and the CET1 ratio was 12.7 per cent. (11.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). Considering the full 
implementation of CRD IV/CRR, as of 31 December 2021, the Total Capital ratio was 14.2 per cent. (12.3 
per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and CET1 was 11.8 per cent. (10.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
As at 31 December 2021, the fully implemented Total Capital ratio was above the OCR determined by 
Banco de Portugal.

--- Page 155 ---
10232074867-v29
- 147 -
70-41036336
IFRS 9 entered into force on 1 January 2018, introducing significant changes in the classification of 
financial assets and in the recording of impairment. IFRS 9 is divided into three pillars: Classification and 
measurement; Impairment and Hedge accounting. It is in the Impairment pillar that the most relevant 
impacts are observed given that IFRS 9 establishes a new asset impairment model based on expected credit 
losses (ECL), which considers the expected losses throughout the life of financial instruments, replacing 
the International Accounting Standard 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement ("IAS 
39") "incurred loss" model.
Macroeconomic factors are considered when determining the ECL, whose changes have impact in expected 
losses. Instruments that are subject to impairment calculations are divided in three stages considering its 
credit risk level, as follows:
(i)
Stage 1: financial assets with no significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition and 
which are not in default; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses resulting from 
default events that may occur within 12 months after the reporting date;
(ii)
Stage 2: financial assets with a significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition, 
however without any clear evidence of impairment; impairment losses will correspond to expected 
credit losses resulting from default events that may occur over the expected residual life of the 
instrument;
(iii)
Stage 3: financial assets in default with a clear evidence of impairment losses as a consequence of 
events that resulted in losses; impairment losses will correspond to expected credit losses over the 
expected residual life of the instrument.
The expected credit losses (ECL) for homogeneous populations is given by the product of the probability 
of default (PD), the loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at the contract's 
effective interest rate until the reporting date.
The main difference between impairment losses measured for financial assets classified in the stages refers 
to PD's time horizon:
(i)
12-month PD: the probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months (for contracts 
included in stage 1);
(ii)
Lifetime PD: it is the probability of a default occurring during the remaining life of the credit 
(include in stage 2). In such case, lifetime parameters are used and forward looking information is 
considered;
(iii)
PD=100 per cent. to all stage 3 contracts.
In the group of individually significant customers, the exposures are subject to individual analysis. This 
analysis focuses on the credit quality of the debtor, as well as on the recovery expectations, taking into 
consideration the existing collateral as well as other relevant factors to assess the debtor credit quality.
With the adoption of IFRS 9 and considering Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, Banco Montepio has chosen to apply the phasing-in prudential plan defined in the 
Regulation, on an ongoing basis, over a 5-year period. Therefore, in 2018, Banco Montepio recognised 5 
per cent. of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, in 2019 15 per cent., in 2020 30 per cent., in 2021 
50 per cent. and in 2022 75 per cent. of such impact; in 2023 Banco Montepio will recognize 100 per cent. 
of the impact related to the IFRS 9 adoption, thereby completing the static phasing-in period of IFRS9.
Since no specific tax treatment was established regarding the transition adjustment to IFRS 9, Banco 
Montepio considered the application of the Corporate Income Tax general rules. Any new transitional 
regime established for those purposes or different interpretation on the tax treatment of the adoption of 
IFRS 9 could result in a material adverse effect on the recovery of deferred taxes.
Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees changes to the Portuguese Corporate Income Tax Code, namely 
to articles 28-A and 28-C, in order to align the tax regime applicable to credit impairments registered by 
entities subject to the supervision of Banco de Portugal to the accounting and regulatory rules applicable.

--- Page 156 ---
10232074867-v29
- 148 -
70-41036336
This regime is applicable to impairments regarding all types of credit risk and whether analysed on an 
individual or collective basis. However, it lists down specific exceptions to the deductibility of credit 
impairments, namely:

on credits and other rights over individuals or entities that hold directly or indirectly over 10 per 
cent. of the financial institution's capital or over its governing body's members (with certain 
exceptions); and,

on credits and other rights over entities whose capital is held directly or indirectly in more than 10 
per cent. by the financial institution or over participated entities in which the financial institution 
is engaged in special relations with, provided they are given after the participation acquisition or 
verification of the condition that determines the special relation situation (with certain exceptions).
In addition, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, also establishes that the new regime is applicable to 
impairment losses accounted on 1 January 2019 onwards, whereas regarding previously accounted 
impairment losses and yet not accepted for tax purposes, Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal remains 
applicable (without prejudice to the Special Regime of Deferred Tax Assets (Regime Especial Aplicável 
aos Ativos por Impostos Diferidos ("REAID")) approved by Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August).
Furthermore, a multi-year map of impairment losses for specific credit risk regarding credits analysed on 
an individual basis and for groups of credits analysed on a collective basis must now be included in the tax 
documentation file, which must contain accounting information and tax adjustments detailed by credit or 
group of credits:
Additionally, Law no. 98/2019, of 4 September, foresees an adaptation period of 5 tax years after 1 January 
2019, under which the current regime is still applicable (i.e. Notice 3/95 of Banco de Portugal), unless 
communicated otherwise to the general director of the Portuguese Tax Authorities. Notwithstanding, 
financial institutions have to adopt this new regime from 2022 or 2023 onwards, as applicable, if on the 1st 
of January of those years they acquire own shares or distribute dividends to shareholders in respect of 
profits generated in those periods, except in cases where, as at 31 December of those years, the value of the 
deferred tax assets covered by special regime applicable to deferred tax assets has decreased by at least 10 
per cent. or 20 per cent., respectively, compared to the amount accounted at 31 December 2018.
Banco Montepio has not opted for the application of the new tax regime on impairment, for which reason, 
for the current and deferred tax assessment as at 31 December 2021 and 2020, it estimated its taxes based 
on the regime that was in force until 31 December 2018.
In order to further integrate the European banking system and to promote financial stability in the Eurozone, 
an agreement was reached by the European Council to create the European Banking Union (the "EBU"). 
This new union provides for a new supervisory landscape and the deepening of the Economic and Monetary 
Union. It was agreed to establish three main building blocks of the EBU: a Single Supervisory Mechanism 
(the "SSM"), a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM"), and a Single Deposit Guarantee System.
Since November 2014 and in accordance with the SSM, the ECB is the central prudential supervisor of 
financial institutions in the euro area as a direct supervisor to the largest banks. National supervisors 
continue to monitor the remaining banks. The SRM was established in a bid to ensure taxpayer costs and 
damages to the real economy following bank failures are kept to a minimum. The SRM will apply to banks 
covered by the SSM and will allow bank resolutions to be managed effectively through a Single Resolution 
Fund and a Single Resolution Board.
The RGICSF has been further amended by Decree Law no. 114-A/2014, of 1 August, Decree Law no. 114-
B/2014, of 4 August, and Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, which have transposed the Directives 
2014/49/EU of 16 April on deposit guarantee schemes and the BRRD.
The requirements of the SRM are set out in the SRM Regulation and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation, 
subject to some exceptions, applied from 1 January 2016. The SRB has been fully operational since from 
January 2016. The BRRD has been implemented in Portugal pursuant to the European Union (Bank 
Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 (the "BRRD Regulations").
The BRRD Regulations, other than regulations 79 to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 
to 94 of the BRRD Regulations came into effect on 1 January 2016. The establishment of the SRM is 
designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level for countries that share the

--- Page 157 ---
10232074867-v29
- 149 -
70-41036336
supervision of banks within the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). The single resolution fund is 
financed by bank levies raised at the national level.
The European Resolution Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as 
at 31 December 2015 (namely the resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo S.A. (BES) and the 
resolution measure applied to Banif). See further "The resolution measure applied to Banco Espírito Santo 
S.A. (BES)" and "The resolution measure applied to Banif" above.
The overarching goal of the new bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM 
package is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The new framework is 
intended to enable resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion 
to the broader financial system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors. 
Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a full recovery plan that sets out detailed 
measures to be taken in different scenarios when the viability of the institution is at risk.
Banks subject to the BRRD may be required to contribute to ex ante funds and in particular to the European 
Resolution Fund. The periodic contributions of the participating institutions in the European Resolution 
Fund should be (i) distributed proportionally among participating institutions, according to the respective 
level of financial liabilities, excluding own funds and deducting deposits guaranteed by the Deposit 
Guarantee Fund (Fundo de Garantia de Depósitos) (the "Reserve Base"), adjusted according to the 
institution's risk profile and considering the economic outlook as well as the contribution's impact on the 
institution; and (ii) determined by the application of a contributory rate (proposed by the European 
Resolution Fund and established by Banco de Portugal) to the Reserve Base. The Fund will be built up 
during its first eight years (2016-2023) and shall reach at least 1 per cent. of deposits guaranteed by the 
Deposit Guarantee Fund (approx. €55 billion in 2024). Where ex ante contributions are insufficient to cover 
the losses or costs incurred by use of the Fund, additional ex post contributions should be collected.
The reorganisation regime previously in force that governed credit institutions was extensively reviewed 
and was replaced with a new approach by Banco de Portugal as regards intervention on credit institutions 
and investment firms in financial distress. The measures set out in the new regime aim at recovering or 
preparing the orderly winding-up of credit institutions and certain financial companies in situations of 
financial distress. The new toolbox includes three stages of intervention by Banco de Portugal: preparatory 
and preventive measures, prior supervisory intervention, and instruments and powers of resolution. The 
implementation of these measures and the exercise of these powers will directly affect the rights of 
shareholders and creditors.
Credit institutions are required to produce suitable recovery plans to resolve problems of liquidity, solvency, 
or overall exposure to risk, and to keep such plans up-to-date. To complement the resolution plans, Banco 
de Portugal has been given preventive powers, including the powers to limit or modify exposure to risk, 
require additional information, set restrictions or prohibitions on certain activities and changes to group 
structures.
Within the scope of preventive interventions, Banco de Portugal has been given powers to prohibit the 
distribution of dividends to shareholders, to replace managers or directors, and to require credit institutions 
to transfer assets that constitute an excessive or undesirable risk to the soundness of the institution. These 
actions may have a direct effect on shareholders and the Issuer's expected returns and additional indirect 
impacts through changes to such institutions' business activities.
Article 145-D of the RGICSF implemented Article 34 of the BRRD and determines as general principles 
applying to the resolution measures that (i) the shareholders of the institution bear losses with priority in 
relation to other creditors; (ii) creditors of the institution other than the shareholders under resolution bear 
losses in accordance with the order of priority of their claims; (iii) no shareholder or creditor of the 
institution shall, as a result of the resolution measures, bear losses higher than the ones that would arise 
should the institution be subject to liquidation; and (iv) the depositors shall not suffer losses in relation to 
deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund.
Further, pursuant to Article 145-E of the RGICSF, resolution measures may be applied if the following 
cumulative conditions are met: (a) a credit institution or an investment firm covered by the resolution 
regime has been declared by Banco de Portugal as being insolvent, or at a risk of becoming insolvent; (b) 
it is not foreseeable that the insolvency situation of such institution can be remedied through measures 
adopted by the institution, or by corrective intervention measures or other measures aimed at the conversion

--- Page 158 ---
10232074867-v29
- 150 -
70-41036336
or reduction of own funds instruments; (c) the implementation of such measures is considered necessary 
and proportional for the pursuance of at least one of the following objectives: (i) ensure the continuity of 
essential financial services, (ii) prevent systemic risk, (iii) safeguard public funds and taxpayers' interests, 
(iv) safeguard depositors' confidence, (v) protection of other funds and assets held by institutions for the 
account of their clients; and (d) the winding up of the institution is not capable of achieving the goals 
described in (c) more effectively than the resolution measures.
An institution is deemed to be failing, for the purposes of adoption of resolution measures, if one of the 
following situations occurs, or when sufficient reasons exist to suggest that they may occur in the short run: 
(i) the institution ceases to comply with the requirements for preserving the banking licence, including if it 
incurs losses capable of significantly absorbing its own funds; (ii) the institution's assets have become less 
than its liabilities; (iii) the institution is unable to meet its obligations; (iv) the institution is in need of 
extraordinary public funding, save when such assistance is aimed at preventing or containing a serious 
economic crisis and preserving financial stability, and fulfils certain other criteria (Article 145-E of the 
RGICSF).
There are four types of resolution measures (Article 145-E of the RGICSF), namely: (i) the total or partial 
sale of the assets, liabilities, off-balance items and assets under management, as well as shares representing 
the share capital of the distressed financial institution to one or more financial institutions authorised to 
operate in the market; (ii) the creation of a bridge bank and the transfer of all or part of the assets and 
liabilities of the institution in financial distress to that bank; (iii) asset segregation tool, whereby all or part 
of the distressed institution's activity is transferred to an asset management vehicle; and (iv) bail-in through 
an internal recapitalisation of such institution. Along with these measures, by default the members of the 
institutions' corporate bodies and chartered accountant shall be replaced by members and a chartered 
accountant designated by Banco de Portugal.
The powers granted to resolution authorities under the BRRD include (but are not limited to) the 
introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in power", which will give the 
relevant Portuguese resolution authority the power to cancel all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims 
into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any.
The measures described above may be wholly or partially funded through the Resolution Fund, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the RGICSF.
Within its powers as authority in charge of resolution measures, Banco de Portugal is also entitled to adopt, 
individually or jointly with the above-mentioned resolution measures, other measures aimed at reducing or 
eliminating the insufficiency of own funds in the credit institution, including (a) reduction of its share 
capital (amortisation or reduction of nominal value of shares); (b) removal of nominal value of shares; (c) 
reduction of nominal value of credits attached to other financial instruments or contracts which are eligible 
for own funds purposes according to the legislation and regulation in force; and (d) increase of share capital 
via the conversion of credits referred to in (c) into share capital. In order to adopt the measures described 
in this paragraph, certain conditions must be met, as described in Article 145-I of the RGICSF. In its 
decision to adopt resolution measures, Banco de Portugal shall abide by the rules on creditors´ ranking set 
forth in the Portuguese Insolvency Code, thus not being allowed to affect a class of creditors which rank 
above another class that are not wholly or substantially affected.
Furthermore, to the extent necessary to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal 
may exercise, inter alia, the following powers: (i) suspension of payment or delivery obligations of the 
institution under existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement rights benefiting holders of any 
security over assets of the institution; (iii) suspension of the rights to accelerate, terminate, or otherwise 
decide the termination under existing agreements; (iv) closing of agencies of the institution; (v) exercise of 
rights attached to shares and other instruments representing share capital of the affected institution; (vi) 
amendment of terms applicable to unsecured debt instruments and other eligible claims held vis-à-vis the 
institution, such as clauses on maturity dates and payable interest; (vii) liquidation and termination of 
financial agreements and derivative agreements; and (viii) suspension of the negotiation of a financial 
instrument (Article 145-AB of the RGICSF).
Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund also have the right to recover their expenses resulting from the 
resolution measures through either a deduction of the consideration payable by any transferee in relation to 
the acquisition of the institution's assets, share capital or other instruments representative of debt or equity,

--- Page 159 ---
10232074867-v29
- 151 -
70-41036336
from the institution itself, or from the profits generated by it or the vehicle managing its assets (a legal 
privilege is attached to the claim held by Banco de Portugal and the Resolution Fund).
The Resolution Fund is a public-law legal person designed to provide financial support to the application 
of the resolution measures ordered by Banco de Portugal. It is fully funded by the financial sector through 
initial and periodical contributions from member institutions, including the Issuer, whose amount shall be 
fixed on an annual basis, as set out in Decree Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, as amended, and the revenue 
arising from the contribution over the banking sector. These institutions may also be requested to make 
extraordinary contributions, if necessary in connection with the adoption of any resolution measures. The 
financial assistance provided by the Resolution Fund may include, among others, the transfer of cash to the 
acquirer bank or to the bridge bank, the provision of guarantees, the granting of loans, and the paying-up 
of the capital stock of bridge banks.
Banco de Portugal Notice (Aviso) 1/2013 (as amended) sets forth the methodology to calculate periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund. Such methodology consists of the application of a contribution rate 
to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits already included 
in the Deposit Guarantee Fund.
The rate to be applied is set by a regulatory instruction (Instrução) issued by Banco de Portugal. The rate 
was 0.02 per cent. in 2016, 0.0291 per cent. in 2017, 0.0459 per cent. in 2018, 0.057 per cent. in 2019, 
0.060 per cent. in 2020 and 2021, and 0.057 per cent. in 2022, as defined in instruction 19/2015, instruction 
21/2016, instruction 20/2017, instruction 32/2018, instruction 24/2019, instruction 32/2020 and instruction 
22/2021, respectively.
In the year 2018, as a result of the transitional regime established in Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 of March, 
continued in force, in parallel, two contribution schemes for the Resolution Fund, in addition to the 
contribution scheme for the banking sector. On the one hand, the regime in force until the entry into force 
of said Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, has been temporarily maintained, whose contributions are 
intended to ensure compliance with obligations previously assumed by the Resolution Fund (applying, in 
this case, with the necessary adaptations, the regime established in Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 
February). On the other hand it is in force the system of contributions created by the transposition of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and settlement of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD), which is 
based on harmonised rules within the European Union and has been transposed in its principles and general 
rules by Law no. 23-A /2015, of 26 March (applying in this matter the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/63 of 21 October 2014 - Delegated Regulation). The contributions collected under the combined 
terms of this scheme and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 2014 (SRM Regulation) to institutions covered by the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) are 
transferred to the SRF on the basis of the Agreement on Transfer and Mutual Contributions to the SRF 
(Intergovernmental Agreement), signed in Brussels on 21 May 2014 and approved by Assembly Resolution 
no. 129/2015, of 22 July.
In addition to the contributions collected under the regime established by Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 
February, and the contributions created under the BRRD transposition, charged on the basis of the 
Delegated Regulation, there is an additional source of revenue of the Resolution Fund which is the 
contribution income on the banking sector.
In view of the above, funds available to the Resolution Fund arise from the following sources: (a) 
contributions from the banking sector; (b) initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions 
participating in the Resolution Fund and collected before the implementation of the BRRD in Portugal; (c) 
initial, periodic and special contributions from institutions participating in the Resolution Fund collected 
pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, and due under the transitional regime provided for in 
Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March (aimed at enabling compliance with the obligations undertaken by the 
Resolution Fund in the context of the application of resolution measures applied before 31 December 2014); 
(d) initial, periodic and special contributions from the investment firms not subject to the ECB's supervision, 
branches of credit institutions of third countries, entities relevant for the payments system not subject to the 
ECB's supervision; (e) proceeds derived from investment applications and from the Resolution Fund 
activity; (f) donations; (g) loans; and (h) other proceeds legally or contractually allocated to the Resolution 
Fund.

--- Page 160 ---
10232074867-v29
- 152 -
70-41036336
The Issuer's pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary, and may increase, from time to time according 
to the Issuer's liabilities and own funds. Contribution to the Resolution Fund is adjusted to the risk profile 
and the systemic relevance of each participating institution considering its solvency situation. Also, banks 
(including the Issuer) may be required to contribute to the deposit guarantee systems in amounts that are 
higher than the current contributions. The participation of the Issuer in the €700 million initial loan 
corresponded to 10 per cent.
According to Article 5, paragraph (e) of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial 
Order (Portaria) No. 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the Portuguese 
Government a proposal for the implementation of special contributions to rebalance the financial condition 
of the Resolution Fund.
If the payment of those special contributions compromises the Issuer's liquidity or its solvency, Banco de 
Portugal can suspend them for a period of up to 180 days, extendable at the request of the Issuer. The 
Resolution Fund also publicly indicated that the financing will be structured in such a manner as to not only 
avoid jeopardising the solvency of any credit institution but also to preserve financial stability.
Under Article 153-O of the RGICSF, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the implementation 
of the resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting general and administrative 
expenses. At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses to be incurred by the 
Resolution Fund.
The Deposit Guarantee Fund may also provide financial assistance for the implementation of resolution 
measures, but only in the case of transfer of deposits placed with the institution in distress to another credit 
institution authorised to take deposits or to a bridge bank, and only in the amount needed to cover the 
difference between the amount of covered deposits and the value of the assets sold or transferred. Moreover, 
funding by the Deposit Guarantee Fund shall in no circumstances exceed the cost of a direct reimbursement 
to the depositors.
The implementation of resolution measures is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution's 
shareholders nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets 
under management to be sold or transferred.
Hence, if the Issuer is subject to a resolution measure, Banco de Portugal may:
(a)
require the full transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in 
which case the entirety of the rights and obligations under the Programme (including the 
Programme Documents) shall be transferred to another duly licensed entity or a bridge institution;
(b)
require the partial transfer of all the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items of the Issuer, in 
connection with such partial transfer, and that the obligations and liabilities under the Programme 
(including the Programme Documents) remain as a liability of the Issuer: in such instance, 
depending on the financial condition and other factors relating to the Issuer, Banco de Portugal 
may additionally revoke the licence of, and determine the opening of liquidation proceedings 
against, the Issuer.
(c)
determine that the creditors of the Issuer are subject to bail-in measures: in such case, it is expressly 
referred in the RGICSF that the adoption of such type of resolution tool shall not encompass 
obligations having the benefit of security ("garantia real") over the assets of the Issuer up to the 
amount of the security assets; conversely, if such amount of such obligations exceeds the value of 
the assets charged as security thereof, then such excess may be affected by the relevant bail-in 
measures. Banco de Portugal may cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, 
certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution or its holding company, convert certain 
debt claims into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any and/or 
amend or alter the terms of such claims, including the maturity of the unsecured liabilities or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the unsecured liabilities, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period.
In addition to the measures set out above, to prevent bank institutions from structuring their liabilities in a 
way which may compromise the efficiency of the bail-in or of other resolution tools and to avoid the 
contagion risk or a bank run, the BRRD also requires that all institutions should meet the MREL, calculated

--- Page 161 ---
10232074867-v29
- 153 -
70-41036336
as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Items eligible 
for inclusion in MREL will include an institution's own funds, along with "eligible liabilities".
The MREL regime, which became effective during 2016, involves a transition period and should have 
implications on the issue of debt by bank institutions, implying the introduction of alterations in the liability 
structure through the issue of new senior debt with some subordination structure or strengthening Tier 2.
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions are required to meet a MREL 
requirement set by Banco de Portugal.
Banco Montepio has already been notified by Banco de Portugal regarding the MREL to be met. For more 
information, please refer to the risk factor headed "Legislation on Bank Recovery and Resolution".
The MREL requirement determined by the Banco de Portugal is based on applicable legislation and is 
therefore subject to amendments from time to time. In order to meet MREL requirements, the Issuer may 
need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such 
mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Issuer's strategy, could increase the 
average cost of the Issuer's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 
2 instruments and thus negatively affect the Issuer's earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a 
potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility 
features.
Regarding NPL related initiatives, in March 2018, the Commission presented a package of measures aimed 
at reducing NPLs. The measures include a proposed regulation amending CRR and introducing common 
minimum coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, and a proposed directive 
on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral, which provides for an out-of-court 
recovery mechanism for NPLs and aims to encourage the development of secondary markets in NPLs. 
Amendments to CRR to apply the day after publication in the Official Journal. New rules under directive 
on credit servicers to apply from 1 Jan 2021 or (for credit servicer authorisation and supervision) 1 July 
2021.
The regulatory laws governing banking activity may change at any time in ways which may have an adverse 
effect on the business of the Issuer. A potential further alignment by Banco de Portugal with the ECB's 
regulations and recommendations may harden its stance in certain areas, such as capital requirements and 
acceleration of NPL disposals, which may, in turn, have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the Banco 
Montepio Group's results and financial position.
Banco de Portugal conducts the preventive supervision of money laundering and terrorist financing 
(ML/TF) of credit institutions, financial companies, payment institutions, electronic money institutions, 
branches established in Portugal and entities providing postal services as well as financial services. 
Supervised institutions are required to comply with several duties such as, (i) customer identification and 
due diligence, (ii) duty to keep documents and records on customers and operations, (iii) scrutiny and 
reporting of suspicious operations and (iv) adoption and implementation of internal control systems that 
are adequate to the ML/TF risk intrinsic to each institution. Banco de Portugal has regulatory functions and 
actively participates in the preparation of the legal framework governing ML/TF. In this regard, note should 
be made of Banco de Portugal Notice 2/2018 which regulates Law 83/2017, of 18 August, in particular the 
reinforcement of preventive duties established therein.
Money laundering is the process through which the authors of criminal activities conceal the true source of 
the property and revenue (benefits) obtained by illicit means, transforming the liquidity from such activities 
into legally reusable money, by disguising the origin and true owner of the funds. According to Portuguese 
law, money laundering is a crime (Article 368-A of the Portuguese Penal Code).
In articulation with the legal framework for the prevention of money laundering, legislative measures were 
adopted to make it easier to detect, prevent and suppress terrorist financing, reducing the possibility of 
access to the international financial system by the persons who commit terrorist acts, terrorist organisations 
and groups, and their sponsors. These measures include, inter alia, the freezing and seizure of the assets 
belonging to terrorists and those supporting and sponsoring terrorist organisations and groups, the duty to 
report transactions suspicious of having any type of connection with terrorist activities, the strengthening 
of the duties to prevent money laundering (in particular, the identification duty) within the scope of 
operations involving the transfer of funds and criminalising terrorist financing. In accordance with

--- Page 162 ---
10232074867-v29
- 154 -
70-41036336
Portuguese law, terrorist financing is considered a criminal offence, by virtue of the provisions laid down 
in Article 5-A of Law no. 52/2003 of 22 August 2003 (as amended).
In December 2016, the Commission adopted a package of legislative proposals to fight financing of 
terrorism, including a proposed Regulation on the mutual recognition of freezing and confiscation orders. 
The new Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 28 November 2018 and aims to improve co-
operation between European authorities to ensure they can freeze and confiscate assets quickly and 
efficiently across the EU. The new Regulation widens the scope of current rules and includes provisions to 
ensure that victims' rights to compensation and restitution are respected. Most provisions will apply from 
19 December 2020 (24 months after entry into force).
The fifth Money Laundering Directive ("MLD5") was published in the Official Journal in June 2018. It 
includes targeted amendments to increase transparency around owners of companies and trusts through the 
establishment of public beneficial ownership registers, prevent risks associated with the use of virtual 
currencies for terrorist financing, restrict the anonymous use of pre-paid cards, improve the safeguards for 
financial transactions to and from high-risk third countries and enhance Financial Intelligence Units' access 
to information. Law 58/2020 ("Law 58/2020"), published on 31 August 2020, transposed into the 
Portuguese law the MLD5. In addition to the changes made to matters already dealt with in Portuguese law 
(namely the regime of beneficial owners and politically exposed persons, as well as enhanced due diligence 
duties for high-risk third countries), Law 58/2020 also includes, for the first time, entities engaged in 
activities with virtual assets ("cryptocurrencies" or other type of "crypto assets") within the scope of the 
Portuguese anti money laundering and terrorist financing rules.
Since December 2020 the Sixth Anti-Money Laundering Directive ("AMLD6") is in effect for all member 
states and must be transposed and implemented by 3rd June 2021. Stricter than its predecessors, AMLD6 
introduces a larger responsibility on regulated entities to fight money laundering. AMLD6 harmonizes the 
definition of criminal activity by detailing 22 offenses within certain categories that the directive deems a 
criminal activity, expands criminal liability to legal persons, including companies and partnership and 
increases the maximum imprisonment for offenses, from one year to four years. Furthermore, a sentence 
may include additional sanctions and fines, which could result in the cessation of the company's operations.
In September 2017 the European Banking Authority (EBA) published its revised Guidelines on Internal 
Governance. These Guidelines aim at further harmonising institutions' internal governance arrangements, 
processes and mechanisms across the EU, in line with the new requirements in this area introduced in the 
Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) and also taking into account the proportionality principle. 
Effective internal governance is fundamental if individual institutions and the banking system as a whole 
are to operate well.
On 15 July 2020, the Banco de Portugal published Notice 3/2020 (Aviso nº3/2020) which regulates the 
governance and internal control systems and defines the minimum standards on which the organisational 
culture of the entities subject to supervision by the Banco de Portugal must be anchored. Notice 3/2020 
revokes Notices nos. 5/2008 and 10/2011, as well as Instruction no. 20/2008, aims to consolidate the 
regulatory provisions regarding institutions' internal control and governance, incorporating the content of 
the EBA guidelines on internal governance, the EBA guidelines on outsourcing arrangements and the EBA 
guidelines regarding sound remuneration policies.
The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), agreed upon by the European Parliament and Council 
in April 2016, replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC in 2018 as the primary law regulating how 
companies protect EU citizens' personal data. The mutually agreed GDPR came into force on May 25, 
2018, and was designed to modernise laws that protect the personal information of individuals. GDPR 
altered how businesses and public sector organisations can handle the information of their customers. The 
implementation of GDPR in Portugal was accomplished through Law no. 58/2019, of 8 August.
The Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019 transposed to the Portuguese law the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 
the European Parliament and of the Counsel, of 12 December 2017, as regards the ranking of certain debt 
instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. This law grants a full depositor preference in bank insolvency and 
resolution proceedings against senior debt and introduced a new class of debt, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Debt, that will rank below preferential Senior debt, but above Subordinated Debt.
Banco Montepio's activities are regulated by Banco de Portugal, as a credit institution, and by the CMVM, 
as an issuer with outstanding listed notes. It must comply with the regulations issued by Banco de Portugal,

--- Page 163 ---
10232074867-v29
- 155 -
70-41036336
the RGICSF and with the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). In its activity as 
distributor of insurance products it is also subject to the supervision of the Insurance and Pension Funds 
Authority (Autoridade de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões).
Banco de Portugal enjoys extensive supervisory and regulatory powers in relation to all credit and deposit-
taking institutions in Portugal. Banco Montepio in particular, classified as an LSI, under the current SSM 
arrangement, is directly supervised by Banco de Portugal.
There are specific regulations regarding regular audits by Banco de Portugal, a specified accounting plan, 
limits on large exposures, minimum levels of provisions for loan losses and mandatory contribution to the 
deposit guarantee fund. Compliance is monitored through periodic inspections and regular reviews of 
financial statements.
Since 2011, Banco Montepio has participated in several exercises conducted by the European Banking 
Authority to evaluate the impacts of Basel III rules' implementation. At the same time, Banco Montepio 
has been performing stress tests exercises taking into account adverse macroeconomic and financial 
scenarios defined by Banco de Portugal.
In addition to the stress tests reported to Banco de Portugal, Banco Montepio regularly conducts other 
impact studies that are intended to provide an analytical view of its position in terms of liquidity, profits 
and capital when subject to unfavourable scenarios stemming from changes in risk factors such as interest 
rates, credit spreads, deposit runoffs, eligible asset valuation haircuts applied by the European Central Bank 
(the "ECB"), credit ratings, portfolio and collateral losses, among other factors.
The results under the adverse scenarios, including those resulting from the adverse macroeconomic 
scenarios defined by Banco de Portugal, show that Banco Montepio shall maintain the ongoing process of 
capital levels strengthening.
The impact studies and results are disclosed to and discussed with the Board of Directors, with the 
subsequent conclusions incorporated in the strategic decision making processes, namely in the 
determination of solvency levels, liquidity, exposure to specific risks (counterparty and price risks) and 
global risks (interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risks), as well as in the pricing, loan criteria and 
development of products offered.
The CRR requires that Deferred Tax Assets ("DTA") must be deducted from CET1 capital.
However, Article 39 of the CRR contains an exception for DTA that do not rely on future profitability, 
foreseeing that such DTA are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTA are deemed not to 
rely on future profitability when:
(a)
They are automatically and mandatorily replaced without delay with a tax credit, in the event that 
the institution reports a loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in the 
event of its liquidation or insolvency;
(b)
The above-mentioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax liability of 
the institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as the institution for tax 
purposes under that law or any other undertaking subject to supervision on a consolidated basis; 
and
(c)
Where the amount of tax credits referred to in point (b) above exceeds the tax liabilities referred to 
in that same point, any such excess is replaced without delay with a direct claim on the central 
government of the Member State in which the institution is incorporated.
The deduction of DTA from CET1 capital, as at 1 January 2014, would thus have a negative impact on the 
capital levels of credit institutions established in Member States where national tax law imposes a time 
mismatch between the accounting and tax recognition of certain gains and losses – namely, Italy, Spain and 
Portugal.
In this regard, the Italian and Spanish Governments enacted, in 2011 (Italy) and 2013 (Spain, with 
retroactive effect to 2011), amendments to national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax 
credits, with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of 
resident credit institutions.

--- Page 164 ---
10232074867-v29
- 156 -
70-41036336
In view of the above, the Portuguese Parliament approved Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August, as amended 
from time to time, ("Law no. 61/2014") which implements a special regime with the aim of fulfilling the 
requirements for non-deductibility of DTA from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions, allowing 
Corporate Income Taxpayers to convert DTA arising from impairment of loans and advances losses and 
from post-employment and long-term employment benefits into tax credits (the "DTA Special Regime").
Law no. 61/2014 foresees that any DTA arising from the above-mentioned items, accounted in taxable 
periods starting on or after 1 January 2015, or registered in the taxpayer's accounts in the last taxable period 
prior to that date, may be converted into tax credits when the taxpayer: (i) reports an annual accounting loss 
when the institution's annual financial statements are formally approved by the competent corporate bodies; 
or (ii) enters into a liquidation procedure, as a result of voluntary dissolution, court-ordered insolvency or, 
if applicable, cancellation of authorisation by the regulator or supervisory body. The amount of DTA to be 
converted into tax credits corresponds to the ratio between (a) the amount of the annual accounting loss, 
and (b) the total amount of equity minus the amount in (a) above, and is declared by the Corporate Income 
Taxpayers in their annual Corporate Income Tax return, to be submitted within the five-month period after 
the year-end. The amount of the declared tax credit must subsequently be confirmed by the tax authorities 
through a tax audit procedure to be initiated within the three-month period following the expiry of the 
above-mentioned annual corporate income tax return submission deadline. The tax credits obtained with 
the conversion of DTA may be offset against any State taxes on income and on assets payable by the 
taxpayer or by any companies included in the same tax group or in the same group for purposes of prudential 
consolidation under the CRR.
However, the conversion of DTA entails the constitution of a special non-distributable reserve, equivalent 
to the amount of the tax credit obtained increased by 10 per cent., and conversely, the issuance of symmetric 
warrants to the Portuguese Republic. The warrants entitle the Portuguese Republic (i) to demand the 
increase of the issuer's share capital through conversion of the special reserve and subsequent issue and 
delivery of ordinary shares representing the issuer's share capital; or (ii) to freely dispose of them, including 
by sale to third parties, which may subsequently demand such increase of the issuer's share capital. To 
mitigate the effects of the possible shareholding dilution resulting thereof, Law no. 61/2014 grants that, at 
the date of issuance of the warrants, existing shareholders are automatically vested statutory entitlements 
that allow them to purchase the warrants from the Portuguese Republic.
Taking into consideration that Banco Montepio posted, on an individual basis, a negative net income in 
2020, following the approval of the annual accounts by the corporate bodies and the application of the 
REAID, in 2021 the deferred tax assets resulting from non-deduction of expenses and deductions of value 
of assets resulting from impairment losses on receivables and post-employment or long-term employee 
benefits were converted into tax credits, with a special reserve corresponding to 110 per cent. of its amount 
having been set up for this purpose.
Under the terms of Article 8 of the annex to Law no. 61/2014, of 26 August, Banco Montepio accumulated 
a special reserve in 2021 in the amount of €4,750 thousand, corresponding to a tax credit of €4,319 
thousand, which as at 31 December 2021 was part of the total current tax assets. These amounts may be 
changed in the context of the certification to be carried out by the Tax and Customs Authority (Autoridade 
Tributária e Aduaneira).
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, establish 
that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting 
and tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with 
respect to the previous fiscal years.
The DTA related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, and the DTA related to temporary 
mismatches that depend on future profitability are partially deducted from capital (the portion that exceeds 
the threshold of 10 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed at 250 per cent. Finally, the DTA related to 
temporary mismatches protected by the Portuguese fiscal regime are weighed at 100 per cent. Potential 
future changes to the way in which the Portuguese fiscal regime operates could result in previously 
protected DTAs (that would eventually be converted into DTA related to temporary mismatches that depend 
on future profitability) no longer being protected. At this point, there are no expected changes in the fiscal 
regime that could negatively affect the calculation of DTAs on capital ratios, but Banco Montepio cannot 
assure investors that the expected changes will not take place.

--- Page 165 ---
10232074867-v29
- 157 -
70-41036336
Temporary legal moratoria on certain financing agreements
Law no. 1-A/2020, of 19 March, as amended, implemented exceptional and temporary measures to tackle 
the pandemic caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19. Article 8 of Law no. 1-A/2020 created 
a temporary regime whereby execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the mortgagor for 
permanent residence are suspended for the time being. This regime will cease to apply on a date to be 
determined via the enactment of a new Decree-Law declaring the end of the exceptional period of 
prevention, containment, mitigation and treatment of SARS-CoV2 and COVID-19.
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law no.10-J/2020, which established a 
temporary legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting the liquidity of 
companies and families (lastly amended by Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July) (the "Legislative Moratoria"). 
This regime entered into force on 27 March 2020 and will be in force until 31 March 2021. It includes, in 
relation to credit operations granted by financial institutions (excluding, among others, credit or financing 
for the purchase of securities or the acquisition of positions in other financial instruments), (i) a prohibition 
of revocation, in whole or in part, of credit lines and loans, in the amounts contracted, from 27 March 2020, 
(ii) an extension, for a period equal to the term of the measure, of all debts with payments of principal at 
the end of the contract in force as at 27 March 2020, together with all its associated elements, including 
interest, guarantees, notably those provided by the way of insurance or securities; and (iii) suspension, from 
27 March 2020, in relation to debts with partial instalments or other cash amounts payable, of payments of 
principal, rents and interest in such period, with the respective contractual payment plan being automatically 
extended, for a period equal to that of the suspension, in order to ensure that there are no charges other than 
those which may derive from the variability of the benchmark interest rate underlying the respective 
contract, and with all the elements associated with the respective contracts, including guarantees, also being 
extended. From the date that it entered into force, Decree-Law no. 26/2020, of 16 June, establishes that 
operations meeting the eligibility criteria set forth in Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, who have 
benefited from any moratorium before the institutions from 27 March 2020 and 17 June 2020 shall be 
subject to the legal regime set forth therein. On 24 July 2020, Law no. 27-A/2020, of 24 July, which 
amended Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, extended the period to adhere to the moratorium until 30 September 
2020. On 29 September 2020, Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020 further amended Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, 
extending the legal moratoria from 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2021, limited to principal with certain 
exceptions (notably for housing loans and financial leases, education related consumer loans and certain 
other loans granted to activities more impacted by the pandemic listed in the Annex to which article 9 of 
Decree-Law no. 78-A/2020, of 20 September, refers).
On 2 April 2020, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published a guidance on the criteria to be 
fulfilled by legislative and non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020 (EBA/GL/2020/02). The 
EBA clarified that payment moratoria do not trigger classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring 
if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on an industry/sector-wide private 
initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions, without prejudice to the institutions 
continuous monitoring of the borrowers' credit quality, identifying exposures to borrowers who may face 
longer-term financial difficulties. Any such exposures should be classified in accordance with existing 
regulation.
Following publication of the EBA's guidelines, the members of the Portuguese Banking Association 
(Associação Portuguesa de Bancos), including the Issuer, signed, on 16 April 2020, an interbank protocol 
establishing harmonised general conditions for private initiative moratoria (the "Non-legislative 
moratoria") on mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans (e.g. personal or auto loans). Such private initiative 
moratoria is available to Portuguese-resident individuals and individuals not resident in Portugal.
Non-legislative moratoria under this protocol benefit from a similar prudential and accounting treatment to 
legislative moratoria.
The moratoria under the special aid scheme provided to households and companies in the context of the 
COVID-19 pandemic expired on 31 December 2021, with the vast majority already expired at the end of 
September 2021. A majority of customers resumed the debt payment service as planned on the date they 
adhered to the moratorium, and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there was no increase in the credit 
risk or delinquencies in the portfolio that was subject to the moratorium. However, there is still a high level 
of uncertainty as Banco Montepio cannot guarantee that prevailing market conditions will persist or return 
to normal pre-COVID-19 activity levels in the future.

--- Page 166 ---
10232074867-v29
- 158 -
70-41036336
As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate value of the loans subject to a moratorium that had then expired 
totalled €2,697 million, of which 88 per cent. were performing.
EU Temporary Framework for State aid measures and Portuguese measures
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission ("EC") adopted a Temporary Framework for State aid 
measures (based on Article 107(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union) to support 
the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak, which, inter alia, set out the possibilities Member States have 
under Union rules to ensure liquidity and access to finance for undertakings, especially small and medium-
sized undertakings ("SMEs") that face a sudden shortage in this period in order to allow them to recover 
from the current situation. The aim was to lay down a framework that enables Member States to support 
undertakings experiencing difficulties due to the COVID-19 outbreak and to provide urgently needed 
liquidity for companies, whilst maintaining the integrity of the EU Internal Market, ensuring a level playing 
field.
The Temporary Framework was amended on 3 April 2020, 8 May 2020, 29 June 2020, 13 October 2020, 
28 January 2021 and 18 November 2021 in order to widen the scope of the support measures and to extend 
its application over time. The Temporary Framework will be in place until the end of June 2022 with 
targeted adjustments.
The Temporary Framework provides for five types of aid:
(i)
Direct grants, selective tax advantages and advance payments: Member States will be able to set 
up schemes to grant up to €800,000 to a company to address its urgent liquidity needs.
(ii)
State guarantees for loans taken by companies from banks: Member States will be able to provide 
State guarantees to ensure banks keep providing loans to the customers who need them.
(iii)
Subsidised public loans to companies: Member States will be able to grant loans with favourable 
interest rates to companies. These loans can help businesses cover immediate working capital and 
investment needs.
(iv)
Safeguards for banks that channel State aid to the real economy: Some Member States plan to build 
on banks' existing lending capacities, and use them as a channel for support to businesses – in 
particular to small and medium-sized companies. The Framework makes clear that such aid is 
considered as direct aid to the banks' customers, not to the banks themselves, and gives guidance 
on how to ensure minimal distortion of competition between banks.
(v)
Short-term export credit insurance: The Framework introduces additional flexibility on how to 
demonstrate that certain countries are not-marketable risks, thereby enabling short-term export 
credit insurance to be provided by the State where needed.
Given the limited size of the EU budget, the main response will come from Member States' national 
budgets. The Temporary Framework will help target support to the economy, while limiting negative 
consequences to the level playing field in the Single Market.
The EC is continuously examining the need to further adapt the Temporary Framework that was initially 
set to expire on 31 December 2020 and later extended to 30 June 2021. In view of the persistence and 
evolution of the COVID-19 outbreak, the EC decided to prolong all measures set out in the Temporary 
Framework, including recapitalisation measures, until 30 June 2022.
In respect of the Portuguese support measures to help citizens and companies during the significant 
economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic, the EC approved the following:

On 22 March 2020, four guarantee schemes, in a total amount of € 3 billion, for SMEs and midcaps 
affected by the COVID-19 outbreak to be applied in four different sectors: (i) tourism; (ii) 
restaurants; (iii) extractive and manufacturing industry; and (iv) travel agency activities, tourism, 
event organisation;

On 4 April 2020, two schemes to support SMEs and large companies affected by the coronavirus 
outbreak: a direct grant scheme, and a State guarantee scheme for investment and working capital 
loans granted by commercial banks;

--- Page 167 ---
10232074867-v29
- 159 -
70-41036336

On 8 April 2020, a scheme to support SMEs active in the fishery and aquaculture sector in the 
context of the coronavirus outbreak in the form of a credit line in a total amount of €20 million;

On 17 April 2020, a scheme to support investment in research and development (R&D), testing 
and production of products that are relevant to the coronavirus outbreak, including vaccines, 
ventilators and personal protective equipment. The public support took the form of direct grants in 
a total amount of €140 million;

On 25 May 2020, two schemes intended to preserve employment in the Azores during the 
coronavirus pandemic in a total amount of €43 million;

On 10 June 2020, a rescue loan in favour of Transportes Aéreos Portugueses SGPS S.A. in an 
amount of €1.2 billion to provide the Portuguese airline company with the necessary resources to 
address its immediate liquidity needs, without unduly distorting competition in the Single Market;

On 22 June 2020, a scheme to support companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak in the 
autonomous region of Madeira in a total amount of €40 million. The support took the form of direct 
grants and State guarantees on loans;

On 31 August 2020, a credit line scheme to support SMEs active in Madeira in the agricultural and 
agri-food sectors, in a total amount of €5 million;

On 20 October 2020, a scheme for preserving employment on the Azores Islands in a total amount 
of €9 million; the scheme followed two measures approved by the EC in May 2020, which had 
expired;

On 21 January 2021, a scheme to support micro, small and medium companies active in sectors 
particularly affected by the coronavirus outbreak, in a total amount of €1.2 billion, in the form of 
direct grants available under two different measures: 'Apoiar.PT', open to micro and small 
companies exclusively active in commerce and services open to consumers, cultural activities, 
touristic activities, the hospitality sector, and food and beverage service activities; 'Apoiar 
Restauração', open to micro, small and medium companies in the food and beverage sector; and 
'Apoiar Rendas' to compensate companies for a certain percentage of their rental payments and 
provide financial support, to help businesses preserve jobs and avoid lay-offs;

On 11 February 2021, a €35 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
with head offices or permanent establishments in the region of the Azores, from sectors most 
severely affected by the economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak;

On 2 March 2021, a €15 million scheme (The 'Apoiar.PT Açores –4ºT 2020') to support micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises with head offices or permanent establishments in the region 
of the Azores in the context of the COVID-19 outbreak;

on 31 March 2021, a €500 million Portuguese top-up insurance scheme to support domestic trade 
credit in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme aims to support the availability of 
trade credit insurance to all companies, therefore reducing their immediate liquidity needs;

on 6 April 2021, a €35 million scheme to support companies in the Azores region affected by the 
coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to be open to companies of all sizes active in the 
Azores, conditioned on the level of employment maintained until June 2021;

on 16 April 2021, a €150 million scheme to support Portuguese companies in the region of the 
Azores affected by the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of a direct grant, to mitigate the negative 
impact of the government-imposed restrictive measures to limit the spread of the coronavirus on 
companies active in the region of the Azores;

on 26 April 2021, the Commission confirmed that a €462 million support measure in favour of 
Transportes Aéreos Portugueses, S.A., the largest airline based in Portugal, was in line with EU 
state aid rules. The measure aims to compensate the company for damages incurred between March 
and June 2020, as a direct result of the containment measures and travel restrictions introduced to 
limit the spread of the coronavirus;

--- Page 168 ---
10232074867-v29
- 160 -
70-41036336

on 27 April 2021, a €8 million scheme to support companies in the Azores region in the context of 
the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to mitigate the impact of the restrictive 
measures imposed by the authorities to limit the spread of the coronavirus;

on 3 May 2021, a €12 million in support of the Portuguese SATA Air Açores company - Sociedade 
Açoriana de Transportes Aéreos S.A. ("SATA Air Açores") - as compensation for the damages 
suffered due to the travel restrictions imposed in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The 
support will take the form of a €12 million direct grant. The Commission also approved up to 
€255.5 million additional support to SATA Air Açores, to address the company's immediate 
liquidity needs;

on 10 May 2021, a €22 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises in 
the region of Madeira, in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme, 
"APOIAR.PT.Madeira", which is open to companies operating in the sectors most affected by the 
economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, aims to help companies 
that have experienced a fall in turnover of at least 25 per cent. in 2020 compared to the same period 
in 2019;

on 4 June 2021, a €500,000 scheme to support the passenger transport sector in the Region of the 
Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak, in the form of direct grants, to mitigate the 
liquidity shortages faced by the beneficiaries due to the coronavirus outbreak, and the restrictive 
measures that the government had to implement to limit the spread of the virus;

on 29 June 2021, a €8 million scheme to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
affected by the coronavirus outbreak in the outermost region of the Azores, in the form of direct 
grants, which was earmarked for beneficiaries active in the most severely impacted sectors (tourism, 
hospitality, etc.);

on 19 July 2021, the Commission approved, under EU state aid rules, a calculation methodology 
for premiums on guaranteed loans for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. The 
methodology aims to serve the granting authorities in calculating price guarantees at market-rate, 
or the aid element in guarantees for the purpose of the application of the De Minimis Regulation 
or of the General Block Exemption Regulation;

on 29 July 2021, a €275,000 Portuguese scheme to support companies active in the sugarcane-
processing sector in Madeira. The measure aims to mitigate the liquidity shortages that the 
beneficiaries are facing and address part of the losses that they incurred due to the coronavirus 
outbreak and the restrictive measures in place to limit the spread of virus. Under the scheme, the 
public support will take the form of direct grants;

on 1 September 2021, a €10 million scheme to support farmers active in the outermost region of 
the Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. Under the scheme, the public support, in the 
form of direct grants, aims to mitigate the liquidity shortages and part of the losses the beneficiaries 
incurred due to the coronavirus outbreak and the restrictive measures put in place to limit the spread 
of the virus;

on 14 September 2021, a €500,000 scheme to further support the passenger transport sector in the 
Region of the Azores in the context of the coronavirus outbreak, following the previous measure 
from 4 June 2021. Under the scheme, the support, in the form of direct grants, aims to mitigate the 
sudden liquidity shortages faced by the beneficiaries and address the losses incurred due to the 
coronavirus outbreak and the restrictive measures implemented to limit the spread of the virus; and

on 22 December 2021, €2.55 billion of restructuring aid for Group Transportes Aéreos Portugueses 
SGPS S.A. and TAP Air Portugal airline, and €107.1 for TAP Air Portugal for damages suffered 
due to the coronavirus pandemic. The assistance, in the form of equity or quasi equity measures, 
aims to compensate for loss incurred due to travel restrictions put in place to limit the spread of the 
coronavirus, and help support the beneficiaries' long-term viability.
The exceptional circumstances and the wide effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the measures 
taken from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuer at its own initiative to 
address this situation, notably those relating to moratoria in respect of loans granted to individuals and

--- Page 169 ---
10232074867-v29
- 161 -
70-41036336
companies permitting borrowers to postpone regular payments under their loans for certain periods, to the 
extent applicable, may generally affect the capacity of the Issuer to carry out its business as normal. It is 
not possible at this stage to assess all specific measures that will be implemented to curb the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the relevant impacts such measures will have on the Issuer.
Portugal's recovery and resilience plan
As Europe moves from crisis management to economic recovery, State aid control will also accompany 
and facilitate the implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Facility ("RRF"). In this context, on 21 
December 2020, the Commission published a number of State aid guiding templates, covering several types 
of investments projects, which are intended to assist Member States in the design of their national recovery 
plans, in line with EU State aid rules. The EC will assess all State aid notifications received from Member 
States in the context of the RRF as a matter of priority. The RRF will make €672.5 billion in loans and 
grants available to support reforms and investments undertaken by Member States. The aim is to mitigate 
the economic and social impact of the coronavirus pandemic and make European economies and societies 
more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges and opportunities of the green and digital 
transitions. By offering large-scale financial support for investment and reforms, the RRF will better 
prepare Member States for a sustainable recovery. The reforms and investments in Portugal's recovery and 
resilience plan will help Portugal become more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges 
and opportunities of the green and digital transitions. The plan consists of 83 investments and 32 reforms. 
They will be supported by a €16.6 billion recovery and resilience plan (consisting of €13.9 billion in grants 
and €2.7 billion in loans), of which 38 per cent. of the plan will support climate objectives and 22 per cent. 
of the plan will foster the digital transition. All reforms and investments have to be implemented within a 
tight timeframe, as the Regulation on the RRF foresees they have to be completed by August 2026.
In the area of climate and environmental policies (green transition), Portugal's challenges include the need 
to make construction and building materials more energy-efficient, diversify energy sources and improve 
forest fire prevention.
Digital challenges for Portugal include the need for investment, particularly in the development of digital 
skills, both basic and advanced, in the use of digital technologies to ensure equal access to quality education 
and training, and to facilitate competition. This is especially relevant in Portugal, where the economy is 
characterised by micro-enterprises concentrated in traditional sectors.
In the Portuguese economy, there is high public and private debt and sluggish productivity growth which 
is held back by, inter alia, relatively low levels of investment (particularly in intangibles), low R&D 
intensity, overall low skill levels of the population and a business environment hampered by regulatory 
restrictions and inefficiencies in the justice system. The recovery and resilience plan will support and 
finance key measures to reinforce Portugal's economic and social resilience.
Capital relief measures related to COVID-19
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that the financial institutions can 
continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak 
become apparent. The ECB will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by 
the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) and the capital conservation buffer (CCB). The ECB considers that these 
temporary measures will be enhanced by the appropriate relaxation of the countercyclical capital buffer 
(CCyB) by the national macroprudential authorities.
Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital instruments which do not qualify as Common Equity 
Tier 1 (CET1) capital, such as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet Pillar 2 Requirements 
("P2R"). This measure was initially scheduled to come into force in January 2021 as part of the revision to 
the CRD IV. It was accelerated as a relief measure to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic.
In a press release dated 8 May 2020 Banco de Portugal published the decision to postpone the phase-in 
period of the capital buffer for "Other Systemically Important Institutions" ("O-SII"), the category on which 
the Issuer falls, by 1 year. As such, the compliance with the O-SII buffer percentage that banks must hold 
on 1 January 2021 was postponed to 1 January 2022. Capital buffers as a percentage of total risk-weighted 
assets consist of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis and were determined by the Banco de Portugal to be 
applicable in phases, from 1 January 2018 onwards.

--- Page 170 ---
10232074867-v29
- 162 -
70-41036336
On 26 June 2020 it was published Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 24 June 2020 (the "CRR Quick Fix"), amending Regulations (EU) No. 575/2013 and (EU) No. 
2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in force since 27 June 
2020, with the exception of the amendments to the calculation of the leverage ratio which will apply from 
28 June 2021. The purpose of this regulation is to encourage banks to continue lending to businesses and 
households during the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and to absorb the economic shock of the 
pandemic. In this context, the CRR Quick Fix amends specific aspects of the CRR, such as extending the 
transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of IFRS 9 provisions on regulatory, applying a 
preferential treatment for publicly guaranteed loans under the prudential backstop for non-performing loans 
available under the CRR, delaying until 1 January 2023 the application of the leverage ratio buffer for 
global systemically important institutions and also brings forward the dates of application of certain reforms 
introduced by the CRR 2.
In addition, the Banco de Portugal published Circular Letter (Carta Circular) no. CC/2020/00000053 
informing that it will allow the restoration of the combined buffer requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance level 
by at least the end of 2022, and will allow the restoration of the LCR by at least the end of 2021, with a 
view to strengthening the lending capacity of credit institutions to the economy and the capacity to absorb 
losses from the pandemic crisis. In line with the decision taken by the European Central Bank for significant 
credit institutions, on 29 March 2022, Banco de Portugal reported that the previously communicated easing 
measure concerning the capital recommendation ("Pillar 2 Guidance") and the combined buffer 
requirements will end on 31 December 2022. Therefore, from 1 January 2023 onwards, institutions must 
maintain levels of own funds in order to comply with the Pillar 2 Guidance and the combined buffer 
requirements, in accordance with the applicable legislation and the supervisory decisions individually 
communicated by Banco de Portugal. As of 31 December 2021, the capital ratios reported by Banco 
Montepio were above the required prudential levels, including the combined buffer requirements, not only 
under the phasing in criteria, but also on a fully implemented basis. For further information, please refer to 
the section "Description of the Issuer - Capital".
Accordingly, whenever institutions do not comply or expect not to comply with the combined capital buffer 
or the Pillar 2 Guidance, they must notify Banco de Portugal, submitting the plans and deadlines for their 
re-establishment. Banco de Portugal will assess this information on a case-by-case basis. Banco de Portugal 
also reiterated that on 31 March 2022 the measure allowing less significant credit institutions to benefit 
from the determination of the existence of exceptional circumstances for the purpose of excluding 
exposures to central banks from the calculation of the leverage ratio exposure measure will cease. 
Accordingly, from 1 April 2022, exposures to central banks are reinstated in the denominator of the leverage 
ratio.
The principal rules with which Banco Montepio and all Portuguese banks must comply include the 
following:
(a)
Solvency ratio
Since the beginning of 2014, prudential indicators are Basel III-compliant. As such, Banco 
Montepio's Own Funds are divided into CET1, Tier 1 and Tier 2. As at 31 December 2021, Banco 
Montepio's CET1 ratio was 12.7 per cent., pursuant to the phasing-in criteria of the CRD IV 
package and Banco de Portugal's Notice (Aviso) 10/2017. When measured under the full 
implementation criteria, the CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent.
(b)
Limitations on credit risk concentration
Exposure is classified as a large exposure where the liabilities of a counterparty (or such 
counterparty's group) represent 10 per cent. or more of Banco Montepio's Tier 1 Capital. As at 31 
December 2021, Banco Montepio's exposure to a counterparty group exceeded this threshold with 
an exposure of 13.8 per cent. of Tier 1 Capital. The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a 
counterparty (or such counterparty's group) cannot exceed 25 per cent. of Banco Montepio's Tier 
1 Capital. As at 31 December 2021, none of Banco Montepio's exposures exceeded such level.
(c)
Limitations on equity participations in relation to own funds
Direct and indirect participating interests held by Banco Montepio in the share capital of entities 
not subject to Banco de Portugal's supervision cannot exceed 15 per cent. (individually) and 60 per

--- Page 171 ---
10232074867-v29
- 163 -
70-41036336
cent. (in aggregate) of Banco Montepio's own funds. Participating interests and non-participating 
interests are, for the purposes of Banco de Portugal's regulations, distinguished essentially by 
determining the period of time over which the interest is to be held or is intended to be held. An 
interest will be defined as "participating" if there is a sufficient degree of permanence in such 
holding. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating interest, directly 
or indirectly, in the share capital of any such entities which exceeded such limits.
(d)
Limitations on participating interests in relation to the share capital of certain companies
The direct and indirect participating interests to be held for three years or more by Banco Montepio 
in non- financial entities are limited to 25 per cent. of the voting rights in the share capital of such 
non-financial entities. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not hold any participating 
interest, directly or indirectly, exceeding such limit.
(e)
Limitations on credit to qualified shareholders
The total exposure of Banco Montepio to a qualified shareholder cannot exceed 10 per cent. of 
Banco Montepio's own funds and the global value of exposures to qualified shareholders cannot 
be greater than 30 per cent. of such own funds. As at 31 December 2021, Banco Montepio did not 
have any exposure to a qualified shareholder exceeding such limit.

--- Page 172 ---
10232074867-v29
- 164 -
70-41036336
THE PORTUGUESE ECONOMY
In May 2011, the Portuguese Financial Assistance Programme ("FAP") was agreed between the European 
Central Bank ("ECB"), the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") and the European Commission ("EC", 
and together with the prior two entities, the "Troika") and was implemented in 2012. The FAP comprised 
a total funding of €78 billion to be allocated during the period from 2011 to 2014. The FAP's main 
objectives were to return the Portuguese economy to a path of sustained growth within a framework of 
financial stability and to restore the confidence of participants in the international financial markets. To this 
end, the FAP focused its assistance in three main areas: (i) a set of significant structural reforms to increase 
potential growth, create jobs and improve the economy's competitiveness; (ii) a strategy for credible fiscal 
consolidation, based on measures of a structural nature and greater budgetary control over all obligations 
of the State; and (iii) a process of orderly deleveraging of the financial sector through market mechanisms 
and supported by a fund to finance the recapitalisation of banks.
On 17 May 2014, the FAP came to an end, which constituted an important moment for the evolution of the 
Portuguese economy. During the implementation period, there was significant progress in the correction of 
certain macroeconomic imbalances and various structural measures were adopted where needed. 
Notwithstanding this progress, the return to normal market conditions in respect of funding to the 
Portuguese economy required sustained productivity. Such productivity was also crucial to bringing about 
a reduction in the high level of unemployment observed in the Portuguese economy (which in 2013 reached 
a maximum annual average of 16.2 per cent., having started a downward trajectory in 2014 reaching 6.6 
per cent. in 2021).
Following its exit from the FAP, Portugal became subject to Post-Programme Surveillance by the EC and 
the ECB and to Post-Programme Monitoring by the IMF.
The gross domestic product ("GDP") of the Portuguese economy grew by 4.9 per cent. in 2021, thus 
exceeding estimates, reflecting growth higher than that expected in the last quarter of the year, but 
especially an upward revision of the data since the beginning of the year. This was the highest growth 
recorded since 1990, however, such growth took place after the historical contraction of 8.4 per cent. in 
2020 following the markedly adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity (worse than 
the accumulated recession during the intervention of the Troika).
This return to economic growth in 2021 was accompanied by:
(a)
a reduction of unemployment rates (from 7.0 per cent. in 2020 to 6.6 per cent. in 2021);
(b)
an exacerbation of the inflation rate (measured by the harmonised consumer prices index ("HCPI"), 
from -0.1 per cent. in 2020 to 0.9 per cent. in 2021);
(c)
some public finance relief (i.e. reduction of the budget deficit, from 5.8 per cent. in 2020 to 2.8 per 
cent. of GDP in 2021, and of the public debt ratio, from 135.2 per cent. in 2020 to 127.4 per cent. 
of GDP in 2021) (although such relief was less extensive than that observed in most of the 
Eurozone countries), and
(d)
maintenance of the current balance deficit (1.1 per cent. of GDP), with the saving rate of 
households to fall (from 12.6 per cent. in 2020 to 10.9 per cent. in 2021), after the marked rise 
observed in 2020 (from 7.21 per cent. in 2019), at that time strongly influenced by the decline of 
consumption arising from the pandemic context.
The Portuguese economy is expected to remain on its path of recovery during 2022, with real GDP growth 
being projected at 4.9 per cent, according to the most recent projections of Banco de Portugal ("BdP") dated 
March 2022 in a context in which the war in Ukraine brings in high uncertainty, with strong risks concerning 
the evolution of the price of oil, the effects on inflation and indirect impacts (e.g. on wages) of the rise of 
commodity prices and the duration of the war. Economic growth in 2022 will continue to benefit from the 
implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Plan and the maintenance of the still favourable financial 
conditions. According to the most recent BdP economic bulletin published, the growth of private 
consumption will continue to be sustained by the increase of disposable income, while exports should 
continue to benefit from the international flows associated with tourism, assuming limited effects of the 
conflict in Ukraine, with an estimated increase in exports of services of 38.5 per cent. in 2022 (in

--- Page 173 ---
10232074867-v29
- 165 -
70-41036336
comparison with an increase of 18.7 per cent. in 2021) – surpassing the pre-pandemic value during the first 
half of the year.
Note that, in the case of the Portuguese economy, the ongoing war in Ukraine has led to a downward 
revision of GDP growth in 2022, from the previous 5.5 per cent. Banco Montepio's forecast now ranges 
from 4.5 per cent. to 5.3 per cent., a revision which is only slightly less than that expected for the Eurozone, 
but with downward risks. Banco Montepio's forecasted growth of 4.9 per cent in 2022 is in line with the 
aforementioned forecast of the Banco de Portugal (carried out in March 2022), as well as with the forecast 
assumed by the Portuguese Government in the state budget proposal for 2022 presented by the Portuguese 
Government in April 2022.
The impact of the conflict on economic activity is anticipated to be experienced via net exports, reflecting 
the slowdown of Portugal's main economic partners which are primarily European, as well as via investment 
and private consumption, with enhanced uncertainty and the increased price of energy and other 
commodities affecting investment and consumption decisions.
The effects on private consumption may, however, be offset by the savings accumulated in 2020 and 2021 
(when the use of this surplus saving was not previously considered).
The impact of the war in Ukraine on commodity prices, especially of oil and natural gas, led to an upward 
revision of the Banco Montepio forecast of the inflation rate (measured by the HCPI) for 2022, from 2.4 
per cent. to a range from 3.9 per cent. to 4.9 per cent. with the centre of the range (+4.4 per cent.) being 
above the 4.0 per cent forecast by the Banco de Portugal (in March 2022) and the Portuguese Government 
(in April 2022).
It should be stressed that the uncertainty is very high. Forecasts remain clouded in risks and under 
permanent revision, and are expected to be heavily influenced by the duration and consequences of the war 
and by the political economical reactions.
In the World Economic Outlook dated April 2022, the IMF considered that the economic effects of the war 
in Ukraine are spreading far and wide. This is seen in raw material markets, international trade and financial 
linkages. These impacts will be greater in neighbouring countries, which receive the largest influx of 
refugees, thus also being more negatively impacted. The IMF says that the war arose at a time when the 
world economy had not yet fully recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic, with significant differences 
between the various countries. But the war is compounded by a second penalising factor: the frequent and 
wider confinements in China, which encompass key manufacturing industry hubs and which lead to the 
anticipation of new constraints in global supply chains. However, higher, broader and more persistent price 
pressures also lead to the adoption of a more restrictive monetary policy in many countries, warns the IMF. 
In other words, the overall risks to the economic outlook have increased exponentially. Armed conflict has 
a global impact and the economic damage from the conflict will contribute to a significant slowdown in 
world growth in 2022. Raw material markets, commercial exchanges and financial channels are the 
channels of contagion for the conflict. As Russia is a major supplier of oil, natural gas and metals and, 
along with Ukraine, of corn and wheat, the drop in the supply of these goods has already sharply increased 
prices. Europe, the Caucasus, Central Asia, the Middle East, North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa are the 
worst affected, accordingly to the IMF. Rising food and fuel prices will affect families worldwide with the 
lowest incomes.
Therefore, for the Portuguese economy, risks and uncertainties remain, as for much of the world economy, 
dominated by the developments in the situation in Ukraine, as well as the developments of the COVID-19 
pandemic, which worsened again between the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022.
Several challenges persist as fiscal consolidation and private and public debt levels remain high. The 
marked increase in the public debt ratio reflects the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic 
activity and public finances. It is still unclear whether the Portuguese economy will begin to recover in a 
sustainable way, particularly through an increase in investment. The continued control of the pandemic 
throughout the next several months will be very important for the Portuguese tourism sector to recover a 
portion of the lost reserves, and Portugal, due to the fact that it has been less affected by the pandemic 
compared to two other Southern Europe tourism destinations (Spain and Italy), expects to see a faster 
recovery in respect of this important sector.

--- Page 174 ---
10232074867-v29
- 166 -
70-41036336
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese, Luxembourg and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws 
of Portugal, Luxembourg and the United States of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. This description is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date.
Portugal
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations that may 
be relevant to decide about the purchase of Notes. Notably, the following general discussion does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser.
This overview is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect.
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local 
taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or are deemed to be, residents.
The economic advantages deriving from interests, redemption or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Notes issued by private entities are qualified as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the difference between the redemption value 
and the subscription cost is regarded as investment income and is taxed accordingly.
General tax regime on debt securities
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available 
to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax 
on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income (englobamento), 
subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per 
cent. applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €250,000.
Without prejudice to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005) as described 
further below, the general tax regime on debt securities applicable to non resident individuals is the 
following: Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non resident individuals is subject to 
withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent.
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are taxed at a special tax 
rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses of each 
year, which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. plus an additional surcharge of 2.5 per cent. 
applicable on income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. applicable on income 
exceeding €250,000.
Interest and other investment income derived from Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non resident legal persons with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their 
taxable income and are subject to corporate income tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) or (ii) if the taxpayer 
is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per 
cent. (11.9 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 11.9 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of 
Azores) for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 per cent. (14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of 
Madeira; 14.7 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) on profits in excess thereof, to which may 
be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate

--- Page 175 ---
10232074867-v29
- 167 -
70-41036336
taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to State surcharge (derrama 
estadual) of 3 per cent. on the part of their taxable profits that exceeds €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000 (2.1 
per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 2.1 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores), of 5 
per cent., on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €7,500,000 (3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region 
of Madeira; 3.5 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Azores) and 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable 
profits that exceeds €35,000,000 (6.3 per cent. in the Autonomous Region of Madeira; 6.3 per cent. in the 
Autonomous Region of Azores).
Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment income, which is deemed 
a payment on account of the final tax due (except where the beneficial owner is either a financial institution, 
a pension fund, a retirement or education fund, a share savings fund, a venture capital fund, a collective 
investment undertakings or an exempt entity as specified by current Portuguese tax law).
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts opened 
in the name of one or more resident accountholders or non resident accountholders with or without a 
permanent establishment in Portugal acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to 
a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are 
identified and as a consequence the tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply.
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. also applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
legal persons resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime as 
defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 (as amended or superseded from 
time to time).
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non resident in Portugal without 
a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income.
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax.
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by non resident individuals are exempt from Portuguese 
capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a 
clearly more favourable tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 
2004 (as amended or superseded from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be 
subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by 
case basis.
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes by a legal person non resident in Portugal for tax purposes 
and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. 
directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities (the referred 25 per cent. threshold will not be 
applicable when the following cumulative conditions are met by the seller): (i) the entity at issue has its 
residence in the European Union in the European Economic Area (provided that such State is bound to 
cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the 
exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States), or in 
any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees information exchange; (ii) 
such entity is subject and not exempt from IRC, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per 
cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights for at 
least 1 year uninterrupted; and (iv) it is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial 
arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining 
a tax advantage) or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly 
more favourable tax regime as defined by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 
(as amended or superseded from time to time). If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to 
corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are 
usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.

--- Page 176 ---
10232074867-v29
- 168 -
70-41036336
Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities (Decree-Law 193/2005)
Pursuant to Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended from time to time ("Decree-law 
193/2005"), investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposal of the 
Notes, to non-Portuguese tax resident beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax 
provided the debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity 
resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international 
clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal 
or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate 
with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of 
information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU member states or (iii) integrated in 
other centralised systems not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government 
authorises the application of the Decree-Law 193/2005, and the beneficiaries are:
(a)
central banks or governmental agencies; or
(b)
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese Government; or
(c)
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force; or
(d)
other entities without head offices, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004 
(as amended or superseded from time to time).
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder and the 
provision of information to that effect. Accordingly, to benefit from this tax exemption regime, a 
Noteholder is required to hold the Notes through an account with one of the following entities:
(a)
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened;
(b)
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the "direct registered entities", 
is a client of the latter; or
(c)
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems.
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the Noteholders 
in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account.
Domestic Cleared Notes
Registration of the Notes in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront and 
requires evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficial owner, to be provided by the Noteholder to 
the direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment of interest or other investment income 
(rendimentos de capitais) and to the transfer of Notes, as follows:
(i)
if the beneficial owner is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese 
Government, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial 
owner of the Notes itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) 
below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal 
not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately 
of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying;
(ii)
if the beneficial owner of the Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or 
an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its 
tax identification official document or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such

--- Page 177 ---
10232074867-v29
- 169 -
70-41036336
supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial 
owner of the Notes and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The 
respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being 
necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any 
change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying;
(iii)
if a beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or a collective investment undertaking 
domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax 
treaty or an agreement for exchange of information regarding tax matters, certification shall be 
provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which 
is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms 
of paragraph (iv) below, so long as the beneficial owners of Notes provide the confirmation referred 
to in paragraph (iv) below; and
(iv)
in any other case, information provided in accordance with the following rules: confirmation must 
be made by the relevant beneficial owner of Notes by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities, (B) a document issued by the relevant 
Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by an 
official entity taking part of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect 
or autonomous) of the relevant country; for these purposes, an identification document such as a 
passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is indirectly possible to presume the 
relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) are not acceptable. The 
beneficial owner of the Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of such documents and, 
as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not expire, they must have been 
issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity dates or, if issued after the 
relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The beneficial owner of the 
Notes must inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement 
conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption.
Luxembourg
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders
A Noteholder will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes.
Withholding tax
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain 
individual Noteholders, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued 
but unpaid interest). There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the possible exception of payments 
made to certain individual Noteholders, upon repayment of principal in case of reimbursement, redemption, 
repurchase or exchange of the Notes.
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual resident beneficial owners are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding 
tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT")
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has stated that it 
will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council. Following the 
meeting of the Council of the EU on 14 June 2019, the FTT currently considered by the participating 
Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies

--- Page 178 ---
10232074867-v29
- 170 -
70-41036336
which have their head offices in a member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion 
on 1 December of the preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to reach a 
final agreement among the participating Member States, further work in the Council and its preparatory 
bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competencies, rights and obligations of non-participating 
EU member states are respected.
The proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the scope of 
any such tax and its adoption is uncertain and remains unclear. Additional EU member states may decide 
to participate.
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted, and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes 
may be diminished.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation
The new regime under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 
9 December 2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning 
bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development in July 2014.
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the tax authorities of 
their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information 
regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing 
in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in 
a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. 
The information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of residence, tax 
identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the end of the calendar 
year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account during the calendar year; 
or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, dividends and any other income 
generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the 
account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or 
otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others.
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013 of 10 May.
Also, Council Directive 2014/107/EU was implemented through Decree-Law No. 64/2016 of 11 October. 
Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the 
relevant tax authorities of EU member states or states which have signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common 
Reporting Standard.
In view of the above-mentioned regimes, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were 
provided by the Ministry of Finance, through Order No. 302-A/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-
B/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-C/2016 of 2 December 2016, Order No. 302-D/2016 of 2 
December 2016 and Order No. 302-E/2016 of 2 December 2016.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number 
of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to

--- Page 179 ---
10232074867-v29
- 171 -
70-41036336
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to 1 
January 2019 and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 180 ---
10232074867-v29
- 172 -
70-41036336
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
24 June 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on their own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by an Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment and update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").
If TEFRA C is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, then the Notes are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons of any 
identifiable Tranche of Notes. Term used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulations 
S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer that is participating in the offering of such Notes may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every subsequent purchaser 
of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that:
(a)
the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulations S; and
(b)
this Note has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered,

--- Page 181 ---
10232074867-v29
- 173 -
70-41036336
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States except pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a 
"Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes

--- Page 182 ---
10232074867-v29
- 174 -
70-41036336
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer shall be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes to the public which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
United Kingdom – Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 183 ---
10232074867-v29
- 175 -
70-41036336
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Portuguese Republic
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, regarding any offer or sale of Notes by it in 
Portugal or to individuals resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in the 
Portuguese territory:
(a)
it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without limitation) the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), any regulations issued by the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the 
"CMVM"), Commission Regulation (EC) No. 2019/979, of 14 March, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, of 14 March, both supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, and 
other than in compliance with all such laws and regulations it has not directly or indirectly taken 
any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, 
sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite 
to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the 
Portuguese Securities Code and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in 
Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; and
(b)
it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make 
available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese 
Securities Code.
Furthermore, if the obligation to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation is not applicable, 
the offer of Notes may be made through a private placement, including, if such offer is directed exclusively 
to qualified investors (investidores qualificados) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
France
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed that:
(a)
in relation to offers to the public in France:
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") of approval 
of the prospectus in relation to those Notes, by the competent authority of a Member State of the 
European Economic Area, other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12

--- Page 184 ---
10232074867-v29
- 176 -
70-41036336
months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or
(b)
in relation to offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France:
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant final terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the AMF.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based 
contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Canada
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws.

--- Page 185 ---
10232074867-v29
- 177 -
70-41036336
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 
33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes or any copy of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in an offer of 
securities to the public under the meaning of Article 2, letter (d) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or Article 
1, paragraph 1, letter (t) of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial 
Services Act”) except: 
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) 
of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended 
from time to time; or 
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as 
amended from time to time; 
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.

--- Page 186 ---
10232074867-v29
- 178 -
70-41036336
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or registers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at 
its own expense.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in the securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 187 ---
10232074867-v29
- 179 -
70-41036336
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below:
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation". Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")][UK MiFIR]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
1
Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Applicable".
2
Include where item (viii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 188 ---
10232074867-v29
- 180 -
70-41036336
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In 
connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ['prescribed capital markets 
products']/[capital markets products other than 'prescribed capital markets products'] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products.]3
Final Terms dated [●]
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €6,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]4
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated  24 June 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at www.bourse.lu) and 
on the website of the Issuer (at https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-
programmes).]
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [7 June 2018/31 October 2019]   which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain 
all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus 
3
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider whether it needs to 
reclassify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the Offer.
4
Include where item (vii) of Section 6 (Distribution) of Part B - Other Information of the Final Terms 
specifies "Not Applicable".

--- Page 189 ---
10232074867-v29
- 181 -
70-41036336
dated [7 June 2018/31 October 2019]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at www.bourse.lu) and on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/institucional/investor-relations/funding-
programmes).]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert amount, interest 
rate, maturity date and issue date of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date].]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[●]
(i)
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
4.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
5.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(Notes will only be tradeable in the Specified 
Denomination)
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
7.
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[Reset Notes]
[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent.
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified below)
9.
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[such amount will be no less than par]

--- Page 190 ---
10232074867-v29
- 182 -
70-41036336
10.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
[Not Applicable]
11.
[(i)]
Status of the Notes:
[Ordinary Senior Notes] [Senior Non Preferred 
Notes] [Subordinated Notes]
[(ii)]
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[3
60/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(vi)
Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-
ICMA)
13.
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]
(ii)
First Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(iii)
Subsequent Margin:
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date[[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 13(xvi)]
(v)
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date:
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
10232074867-v29
- 183 -
70-41036336
(vi)
Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]
(vii)
First Reset Date:
[●][subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 13(xvi)]
(viii)
Second Reset Date:
[●]/[Not Applicable][subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 13(xvi)]
(ix)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 13(xvi)]
(x)
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(xi)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(xii)
Fixed Leg Frequency:
[●]
(xiii)
Floating Leg Frequency:
[●]
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA]
(xv)
Determination Dates:
[●] in each year
(xvi)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
(xvii)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(xviii)
Calculation Agent:
[●]
(xix)
[First Reset Period Fallback]
[●]
(xx)
[Swap Rate Period]
[●]
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[●] [Not Applicable]
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
(v)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vi)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 192 ---
10232074867-v29
- 184 -
70-41036336
(vii)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the [Agent]):
[●]
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
EURIBOR

Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Reset Date:
[●]
(x)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual – ISDA][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual – ICMA]
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Call Option
[Applicable/Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in Condition 
5(k))/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Ordinary Senior Notes – MREL 
Event;
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(f) 
apply]]

--- Page 193 ---
10232074867-v29
- 185 -
70-41036336
(iv)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(v)
Notice period
[●]
17.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(a)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Notice period
[●]
18.
Final Redemption Amount
[●] per Calculation Amount
19.
Early Redemption Amount
[●] per Calculation Amount
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon a 
Capital 
Event 
(in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes) or on event of 
default
20.
[Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Event)
[●] per Calculation Amount5
Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Event) per Calculation Amount payable 
upon an MREL Event (in the case of 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary 
Senior Notes MREL Event" has been 
specified as "Applicable" in the Final 
Terms)]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/give details. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment and not the 
end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 13(xvii) relates)]
22.
Ordinary Senior Notes: Waiver of Set-
Condition [2(c)] is [Not] Applicable]6
5
Include only for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where "Ordinary Senior Notes 
– MREL Event" has been specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms.
6
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be 
MREL Eligible Instruments.

--- Page 194 ---
10232074867-v29
- 186 -
70-41036336
Off
23.
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes: 
Negative 
Pledge
Condition 3(a) is [Not] Applicable]7
24.
[Ordinary Senior Notes: Events of
Default
Condition 9(a) is [Not] Applicable]8
25.
[Capital Event:
Substitution and Variation
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]9
26.
[MREL Event:
Substitution and Variation
Condition 5(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable]10
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[Not Applicable][[[●] has been extracted from [●]], which, when read together with the Base Prospectus 
referred to above, contains all information that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.:
By:...............................................................................
Duly authorised
By:...............................................................................
Duly authorised
7
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only.
8
Include for Ordinary Senior Notes only. Select "Not Applicable" for Ordinary Senior Notes intended 
to be MREL Eligible Instruments.
9
Include for Subordinated Notes only.
10
Include for Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be MREL Eligible 
Instruments.

--- Page 195 ---
10232074867-v29
- 187 -
70-41036336
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the [Official 
List] of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] and to 
be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market/[●]] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
[Official 
List] 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[●]] and to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market/[●]] 
with effect from [●].][Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[●]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The Notes to be issued have not been 
rated][The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]:
[Fitch: [●]]
[Moody's: [●]]
[DBRS: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)
(Include 
appropriate 
Credit 
Rating 
Agency 
Regulation (1060/2009) ("CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") disclosure)
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).]
[The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can 
be found at (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:)

--- Page 196 ---
10232074867-v29
- 188 -
70-41036336
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.]
[●]
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4.
YIELD
[Include for Fixed Rate Notes only]
Indication of yield:
[●] [Not Applicable]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[●]
(ii)
Common Code:
[●]
(iii)
CUSIP:
[●]
(iv)
CINS:
[●]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., Euroclear Bank 
S.A./NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]]
(vi)
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
(vii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●] [Not Applicable]
(viii)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 197 ---
10232074867-v29
- 189 -
70-41036336
(iii)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement:
[●]
(iv)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer
[Not Applicable/give name]
(vi)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C 
Applicable/TEFRA Not Applicable]
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)
7.
BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks:
[Not Applicable]
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which [is 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI").
8.
USE 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS
(xix)
Use of Proceeds:
[Per the Base Prospectus]/[specify]]
(xx)
Net Amount of Proceeds:
[●]

--- Page 198 ---
10232074867-v29
- 190 -
70-41036336
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
Authorisation - The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Portuguese Republic in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The 
2022 update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee passed 
on 31 May 2022 and the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved on 9 June 2022.
2.
Listing - Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
3.
No significant change in the financial position of the Issuer - Save as otherwise disclosed in 
"Risk Factors – Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issues under the Programme – Risks related to the market generally – COVID-19 
pandemic impacting global economy and markets", "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco 
Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future 
outbreaks" and "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business – The potential 
impacts of the end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the COVID-19 
pandemic", there has been no significant change in the financial position of Banco Montepio and/or 
the Banco Montepio Group and no significant change in the financial performance of Banco 
Montepio since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published, 31 March 2022.
4.
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer - Save as otherwise disclosed in "Risk 
Factors – Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issues under the Programme – Risks related to the market generally – COVID-19 pandemic 
impacting global economy and markets", "Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's 
business – The potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and similar future outbreaks" and 
"Risk Factors – Risk factors relating to Banco Montepio's business – The potential impacts of the 
end of moratoria implemented by Banco Montepio as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic", 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco Montepio since 31 December 
2021, the date of the last audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Montepio for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
5.
Litigation - Save as disclosed on pages 119 in "– Description of the Issuer – Legal and arbitration 
proceedings", neither Banco Montepio nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which Banco Montepio is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects, in the context of 
the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the Banco Montepio Group.
6.
Conditions for Determining Price - The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be 
determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing 
market conditions.
7.
Interbolsa - Notes have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, no. 3433, 4100-138, Porto, Portugal. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
8.
Documents available - For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection and, in the case of (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) 
below, copies will be available free of charge, at the (a) registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified 
office 
of 
the 
Agent 
and 
(b) 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.bancomontepio.pt/investor-relations :

--- Page 199 ---
10232074867-v29
- 191 -
70-41036336
(i)
the Instrument (which includes the form of the Notes);
(ii)
the Agency Terms;
(iii)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(iv)
the Annual Report 2021 and the Annual Report 2020;
(v)
the earnings release of the Issuer for the first three months of 2022;
(vi)
the 2018 Conditions;
(vii)
the 2019 Conditions;
(viii)
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or are listed or admitted to trading on any 
other stock exchange; and
(ix)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus.
In addition, a copy of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms that are listed and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the documents 
incorporated by reference will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
9.
Copy of the Base Prospectus, latest annual report, accounts of the Issuer and latest first 
quarter interim accounts of the Issuer - Copies of the Base Prospectus and the latest annual 
report and accounts of Banco Montepio and the latest first quarter interim accounts of Banco 
Montepio may be obtained at the specified offices of the Agent during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes is outstanding.
10.
Issuer's 2019, 2020 and 2021 accounts - Following the general meeting held on 27 May 2019, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. replaced 
KPMG as auditors for the term 2019-2021 and have audited the financial statements of Banco 
Montepio for the year ended 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union.
11.
Third party information - Where information has been sourced from third parties this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of such third party information is 
identified where used.
12.
Issuer's code - The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138004FIUXU3B2MR537.
13.
The Issuer's website is https://www.bancomontepio.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.
14.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not have any obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 200 ---
10232074867-v29
- 192 -
70-41036336
GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
BALANCE SHEET AND EXTRAPATRIMONIALS
SECURITIES PORTFOLIO AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Definition
Sum of the items 'Financial assets held for trading', 'Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income', 'Other financial assets at amortised cost', 
and 'Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss'.
Relevance
Assess the relative weight of this item from an assets' structure perspective.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Financial assets held for trading.......................................................................
16,923
7,582
(b)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income................
286,797
123,338
(c)
Other financial assets at amortised cost ...........................................................
2,362,616
3,004,196
(d)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss*........................................
346,892
203,427
(e)
Securities portfolio and other financial assets (a + b + c + d)..........................
3,013,227
3,338,543
(f)
Total assets.......................................................................................................
17,941,006
19,713,160
% Securities portfolio and other financial assets (e / f) ..........................................
16.8%
16.9%
________________
*
Includes instruments at fair value through profit or loss, namely credits that do not meet the SPPI tests (Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest).
ISSUED DEBT
Definition
Sum of the balance sheet items 'Debt securities issued' and 'Other subordinated 
debt'.
Relevance
Assess the relative weight of this item from a funding structure perspective.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Debt securities issued.......................................................................................
1,299,188
1,617,125
(b)
Other subordinated debt ...................................................................................
216,896
217,265
(c)
Issued debt (a + b)............................................................................................
1,516,085
1,834,390
(d)
Total liabilities..................................................................................................
16,613,847
18,350,027
% of Issued debt (c / d) ..............................................................................................
9.1%
10.0%
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RESOURCES
Definition
Assets under management by the Banco Montepio Groups' subsidiaries being a 
constituent part of Total customers' resources.
Relevance
Contribute to the analysis of the evolution of total customers' resources.

--- Page 201 ---
10232074867-v29
- 193 -
70-41036336
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Securities investment funds ..................................................................................
158,724
175,839
(b)
Real estate investment funds.................................................................................
417,915
545,128
(c)
Pension funds........................................................................................................
265,616
292,638
(d)
Capitalization Insurance .......................................................................................
955
30,729
Off-balance sheet resources (a + b + c + d).................................................................
843,210
1,044,334
INCOME STATEMENT
COMMERCIAL NET INTEREST INCOME
Definition
Results arising from interest and similar income on Loans and advances to 
customers received and interest and similar expense on Deposits from customers 
paid.
Relevance
Assess the evolution of the banking activity of financial intermediation between 
granting loans and deposit taking.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Interest and similar income – Loans and advances to customers .........................
267,459
254,724
(b)
Interest and similar expense – Deposits from customers......................................
19,454
10,286
Commercial net interest income (a - b).......................................................................
248,005
244,438
OPERATING COSTS
Definition
Sum of staff costs, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and 
amortisations.
Relevance
Assess the evolution of the operating costs underlying the banking activity.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Staff costs
189,255
164,154
(b)
General and administrative expenses
66,989
64,679
(c)
Depreciation and amortisation
35,118
35,292
Operating costs (a + b + c)............................................................................................
291,363
264,125
RATIOS
LOANS TO DEPOSITS RATIO (LTD): LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS / ON-
BALANCE SHEET CUSTOMERS' RESOURCES
Definition
Percentage of loans and advances to customers funded by the total amount of on-
balance sheet customer' resources (which corresponds to the sum of deposits from 
customers with debt securities issued).
Relevance
Assess the leverage degree of the banking activity through the relationship 
between funds raised with customers and loans granted to customers.

--- Page 202 ---
10232074867-v29
- 194 -
70-41036336
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Loans and advances to customers
11,577,702
11,667,688
(b)
Deposits from customers
12,501,973
12,786,886
(c)
Debt securities issued
1,299,188
1,617,125
Loans and advances to customers / On-balance sheet customers' resources (a / 
(b + c)).........................................................................................................................
83.9%
81.0%
EFFICIENCY RATIO: COST-TO-INCOME, EXCLUDING SPECIFIC IMPACTS
Definition
Operating efficiency ratio measured by the portion of the total operating income 
that is absorbed by operating costs, excluding results from financial operations, 
the net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets and the other 
operating income / (expenses).
Relevance
Assess the evolution of operating efficiency underlying the banking activity, 
removing the volatility effect of results from financial operations, the net gains / 
(losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets and the other operating 
income / (expenses).
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Total operating income........................................................................................
393,745
379,044
(b)
Results from financial operations (i + ii + iii) .....................................................
17,862
10,770
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss........................................................................................
-18,695
-263
(ii)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.....................................................................................
23,693
2,037
(iii)
Net gains / (losses) from foreign exchange differences(1)....................................
12,864
8,996
(c)
Other income (i + ii) ............................................................................................
14,726
6,635
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets ......................
43,020
29,778
(ii)
Other operating income / (expenses) ...................................................................
-28,295
-23,144
(d)
Operating costs ....................................................................................................
291,363
264,125
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts ((d) / (a - b - c)) .....................................
80.7%
73.0%
(1) Corresponds to “Net gains / (loss) from exchange differences” mentioned in Consolidated Income Statement.
EFFICIENCY RATIO: COST-TO-INCOME, EXCLUDING SPECIFIC IMPACTS AND 
ADJUSTMENT COSTS
Definition
Operating efficiency ratio measured by the portion of the total operating income 
that is absorbed by operating costs, excluding (i) the increase in staff costs and 
general administrative expenses driven by the 2020/2021 adjustment programme, 
and (ii).results from financial operations, the net gains / (losses) arising from the 
sale of other financial assets and the other operating income / (expenses).
Relevance
Assess the evolution of operating efficiency underlying the banking activity, 
removing the volatility effect of results from financial operations, the net gains / 
(losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets and the other operating 
income / (expenses), and non-recurrent adjustment costs.

--- Page 203 ---
10232074867-v29
- 195 -
70-41036336
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Total operating income........................................................................................
393,745
379,044
(b)
Results from financial operations (i + ii + iii) .....................................................
17,862
10,770
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................................................................................s
-18,695
-263
(ii)
Net gains / (losses) arising from financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.....................................................................................
23,693
2,037
(iii)
Net gains / (losses) from foreign exchange differences(1)....................................
12,864
8,996
(c)
Other income (i + ii) ............................................................................................
14,726
6,635
(i)
Net gains / (losses) arising from the sale of other financial assets ......................
43,020
29,778
(ii)
Other operating income / (expenses) ...................................................................
-28,295
-23,144
(d)
Operating costs (comparable basis) (i - ii)...........................................................
261,861
249,439
(i)
Operating costs ....................................................................................................
291,363
264,125
(ii)
One-off costs related to adjustment programme..................................................
29,501
14,686
Cost-to-Income, excluding specific impacts and 2020/2021 adjustment costs ((d) / 
(a - b - c)).....................................................................................................................
72.5%
69.0%
(1) Corresponds to “Net gains / (loss) from exchange differences” mentioned in Consolidated Income Statement.
COST OF CREDIT RISK
Definition
Ratio that measures the cost recognised in the period, recorded as impairment of 
loans and advances in the income statement, to cover the risk of default of loans 
granted to customers.
Relevance
Assess the quality of the loan portfolio given the cost borne with the risk of loan 
default.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Loan Impairment (annualised)1 ...........................................................................
185,126
54,333
(b)
Average gross loans and advances to customers2................................................
12,416,390
12,364,618
Cost of credit risk (a / b) ...............................................................................................
1.5%
0.4%
________________
1)
Impairment of loans and advances annualized considering the total number of days elapsed and total days of the year.
2)
Average balance for period (June 2019: 365 days / December 19: 365 days / June 2020: 365 days).
RATIO OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS
Definition
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio.
Relevance
Measure the proportion of credit and interest overdue for more than 90 days in 
relation to the total loan portfolio.

--- Page 204 ---
10232074867-v29
- 196 -
70-41036336
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 days ...........................
626,784
361,418
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customers (Gross loans and advances to 
customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding 
Impairment for credit risks) .............................................................................
12,357,216
12,189,465
Ratio of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days (a / b).............................
5.1%
3.0%
COVERAGE OF LOANS AND INTEREST OVERDUE BY MORE THAN 90 DAYS BY 
IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISK
Definition
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the 
total amount of the past due loans and advances and interest - more than 90 days.
Relevance
Assess the institution's ability to absorb potential losses arising from loans and 
interest overdue by more than 90 days.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Impairment for credit risks ..................................................................................
779,514
521,777
(b)
Past due loans and advances and interest - More than 90 days ...........................
626,784
361,418
Coverage of loans and interest overdue by more than 90 days (a / b)......................
124.4%
144.4%
NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
Definition
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio.
Relevance
Measure the proportion of non-performing exposures (NPE, according to EBA's 
definition) in relation to the total customer loan portfolio.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Stock of Non-performing exposures....................................................................
1,289,555
975,302
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customers (Gross loans and advances to 
customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding 
Impairment for credit risks) .............................................................................
12,357,216
12,189,465
Non-performing exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers (a / b)...........
10.4%
8.0%
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS
Definition
Ratio that measures the proportion of impairment for credit risks in relation to the 
balance of non-performing exposures (NPE, according to the EBA definition).
Relevance
Assess the institution's capacity to absorb potential losses arising from the NPE 
portfolio.

--- Page 205 ---
10232074867-v29
- 197 -
70-41036336
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Impairment for credit risks ..................................................................................
779,514
521,777
(b)
Stock of Non-performing exposures....................................................................
1,289,555
975,302
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks (a / b)......
60.4%
53.5%
COVERAGE OF NON-PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY IMPAIRMENT FOR CREDIT RISKS 
AND ASSOCIATED COLLATERALS AND FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
Definition
Ratio that measures the proportion between the sum of the impairment for loans 
accumulated on the balance sheet and associated collaterals and financial 
guarantees in relation to the balance of non-performing exposures (NPE, 
according to EBA's definition).
Relevance
Assess the institution's capacity to absorb the potential losses arising from the 
NPE portfolio.
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Impairment for credit risks ..................................................................................
779,514
521,777
(b)
Associated collaterals and financial guarantees ..................................................
420,001
414,074
(c)
Stock of Non-performing exposures....................................................................
1,289,555
975,302
Coverage of Non-performing exposures by Impairment for credit risks and 
associated collaterals and financial guarantees ((a + b) / c)...................................
93.0%
96.0%
FORBORNE EXPOSURES / GROSS LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
Definition
Ratio that measures the quality evaluation of the loan portfolio.
Relevance
Measure the proportion of Forborne exposures (according to EBA's definition) in 
relation to the total loan portfolio
Components and calculus
December 20
December 21
(€ thousand)
(a)
Stock of Forborne exposures
815,895
623,791
(b)
Gross loans and advances to customers (Gross loans and advances to 
customers corresponds to Loans and advances to customers excluding 
Impairment for credit risks)
12,357,216
12,189,465
Forborne exposures / Gross loans and advances to customers (a / b) ......................
6.6%
5.1%

--- Page 206 ---
10232074867-v29
- 198 -
70-41036336
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
€ v
2014 Portuguese State Loan ............................23
2015 Portuguese Government Loan ..............141
2018 Base Prospectus......................................43
2018 Conditions...............................................43
2019 Base Prospectus......................................43
2019 Conditions...............................................43
2020/2021 Programme ....................................88
Adjustment Spread ..........................................57
Agency Terms .................................................44
Agent ...............................................................44
ALCO ............................................................112
ALMM...........................................................112
Alternative Rate...............................................58
AMF ..............................................................175
AMLD6 .........................................................154
Amounts Due...................................................77
AnaCredit ......................................................118
Annual Report 2020 ........................................42
Annual Report 2021 ........................................42
APMs.................................................................v
Applicable Banking Regulations.....................46
Applicable Maturity.........................................53
Article 8-A.................................................32, 46
ASF..............................................................9, 20
Australian Dollar ...............................................2
Banco Bem ......................................................83
Banco MG Cabo Verde ...................................14
Banco Montepio ..........................................1, 82
Banco Montepio Group ...................................82
Banif ................................................................23
Base Prospectus.........................................1, 179
Basel IV...........................................................22
BCBS...............................................................22
BdP ................................................................164
BEM ..............................................................134
Benchmark Amendments ..........................56, 58
Benchmark Event ............................................58
Benchmarks .....................................................28
Benchmarks Regulation ...................................iii
beneficial owner ........................................40, 41
BES..........................................................23, 138
BIS.................................................................113
Brexit ...............................................................35
British Pound Sterling .......................................2
BRRD ................................................22, 46, 144
BRRD II.............................................22, 46, 144
BRRD Regulations ........................................148
business day.....................................................70
Business Day ...................................................58
C Rules ..............................................................7
Calculation Agent............................................51
Calculation Period ...........................................59
Canadian Dollar.................................................2
Capital Event ...................................................66
CCA...............................................................140
CECI................................................................85
CERT.............................................................116
Certificate ........................................................44
CET1................................................................24
CMP Regulations 2018 ............................iii, 179
CMVM ................................20, 24, 79, 143, 175
COBS.............................................................178
Code.................................................................70
Cognitive Process Automation........................88
Commission's Proposal..................................169
Competent Authority.......................................46
Compliant Securities .......................................68
Conditions..................................................1, 179
control..............................................................74
COREPER .....................................................144
Covered Bonds ................................................48
CRA Regulation ........................................1, 186
CRC 5 G ........................................................118
CRD.................................................................46
CRD Directive.................................................46
CRD Implementing Measures .........................46
CRD IV..........................................................143
CRD V.....................................................22, 145
CRD V Directive .............................................46
CRR .........................................................47, 143
CRR II ...............................................22, 47, 145
CRR Quick Fix..............................................162
CSSF..................................................................1
CVM................................................................44
Day Count Fraction .........................................59
DBRS.............................................................1, 6
Dealer Agreement..........................................172
Decision.........................................................120
Decree-law 193/2005.....................................168
Designated Maturity ........................................51
Determination Date .........................................61
Determination Period.......................................61
distributor ..................................................ii, 178
DTA...............................................................155
DTA Special Regime.....................................156
DTAs ...............................................................17
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Event).....67
EBA ...........................................20, 24, 142, 157
EBU ...............................................................148
EC..................................................138, 158, 164
ECB ...............................................142, 155, 164
ECL................................................................108
EDW..............................................................117
EEA ...........................................................1, 178
EMMI ............................................................188
ESMA.........................................................iii, 24
EU..................................................................138
EURIBOR ..................................................iii, 61
euro....................................................................2
European Authorities.......................................24
Euro-zone ........................................................61

--- Page 207 ---
10232074867-v29
- 199 -
70-41036336
EUWA ...............................................1, 174, 178
Event of Default ..............................................74
Events of Default.............................................72
FAP................................................................164
FATCA..........................................................170
FATCA Withholding.......................................72
Final Terms........................................................1
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act......175
Finibanco .........................................................85
Finibanco Angola ............................................14
Finibanco Group..............................................85
FinSA.............................................................177
Fircosoft.........................................................118
First Margin.....................................................61
First Reset Date ...............................................61
First Reset Period ............................................61
First Reset Period Fallback..............................49
First Reset Rate of Interest ..............................61
Fitch...............................................................1, 6
Fixed Leg Frequency.......................................61
Floating Rate ...................................................51
Floating Rate Option .......................................51
foreign financial institution ...........................170
foreign passthru payments.............................170
FSMA................................................................ii
FTT................................................................169
Futuro ..............................................................84
GDP ...............................................................164
GDPR ............................................................154
Group...............................................................66
HCPI..............................................................164
holder...............................................................45
IAS 39............................................................147
IFRS...................................................................v
IGAs ..............................................................170
IMF................................................................164
indebtedness for money borrowed or raised....48
Independent Adviser........................................61
Initial Rate of Interest......................................61
Instrument....................................................2, 44
Insurance Distribution Directive ...............ii, 178
Interbolsa .....................................................1, 44
Interbolsa Participant.......................................79
interest .............................................................72
Interest Accrual Period....................................61
Interest Amount.........................................49, 61
Interest Commencement Date .........................61
Interest Determination Date ............................62
Interest Payment Date......................................49
Interest Period..................................................62
Interest Period Date .........................................62
Investor's Currency..........................................37
IPO...................................................................85
ISDA Definitions.............................................62
ISDA Rate .......................................................51
ISIN .................................................................79
Issue Date ........................................................44
Issuer......................................................1, 44, 82
IT18
Japanese Yen .....................................................2
Law 58/2020..................................................154
Law no. 61/2014............................................156
LCR ...................................................23, 93, 143
Legislative Moratoria ....................................157
LME...............................................................140
London Business Day......................................50
Loss Absorption Power ...................................78
LRE..................................................................21
LSIs................................................................146
Lusitania ..........................................................84
Lusitania Vida .................................................84
Luxembourg Law ..........................................1, 2
Market................................................................1
MGAM ........................................................8, 82
MGAM Group.................................................82
Mid-Market Swap Rate ...................................62
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation ..................62
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate.......62
Mid-Swap Rate................................................62
Mid-Swap Reference Banks............................49
MiFID II ....................................................1, 178
MiFID Product Governance Rules....................ii
MLD5 ............................................................154
Montepio Holding ...........................................83
Montepio Seguros............................................85
Moody's .........................................................1, 6
MREL........................................................21, 67
MREL Event....................................................67
MREL Requirement Date................................67
MREL Requirements.......................................67
MREL-Eligible Instrument..............................67
Non-legislative moratoria..............................157
Non-viability Loss Absorption Measure .........32
Northland.......................................................118
Noteholder .......................................................45
Notes..................................................................1
November 2016 Proposals...............................22
Novobanco...............................................23, 138
NPLs................................................................12
NSFR ...........................................22, 23, 93, 143
offer .......................................................173, 174
offer of Notes to the public....................173, 174
Official List .......................................................1
Optional Redemption.........................................6
Original Reference Rate ..................................63
O-SII......................................................145, 161
P2R ................................................................161
Participants' Loan ............................................23
participating Member States..........................169
Participation Fund ...........................................85
Payment Business Day ....................................70
Pillar 2 Guidance ...........................................162
PRIIPs Regulation.....................................ii, 178
principal...........................................................72
Proceedings......................................................76
Programme ........................................................1
Prospectus Regulation ...............1, 173, 178, 179
Published Rating..............................................69
Put Notice ........................................................67
Rate of Interest ................................................63

--- Page 208 ---
10232074867-v29
- 200 -
70-41036336
Rating Agency.................................................69
REAID...........................................................148
Reference Banks..............................................63
Reference Rate.................................................63
Registration Date...........................................128
Regulation S.............................................iii, 172
Relevant Date ..................................................72
Relevant Indebtedness.....................................48
Relevant Member State .................................173
Relevant Nominating Body .............................63
Relevant Resolution Authority........................78
Relevant Screen Page ......................................63
Reserve Base .................................................149
Reset Date..................................................51, 63
Reset Determination Date................................63
Reset Period.....................................................63
Resolution Fund...............................................23
retail investor.........................................173, 174
RGICSF .....................................................21, 77
Risk Factors.......................................................1
RJASR ...............................................................9
ROA...............................................................142
ROE ...............................................................142
RRF................................................................161
RWA................................................................21
RWAs ..............................................................24
SATA Air Açores..........................................160
Savings Banks Act.......................................9, 85
Second Reset Date...........................................63
Securities Act ...................................................iii
Security............................................................48
Senior Creditors...............................................47
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities ....................47
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities......................47
Senior Notes ....................................................45
Series .................................................................1
SFA ..........................................................iii, 179
SGPS..............................................................108
SMEs .......................................................87, 158
SOC ...............................................................116
Specified Currency ..........................................64
SPPI ...............................................................108
SRB..................................................................21
SREP..............................................................146
SRF..................................................................23
SRM.........................................................21, 148
SRM Regulation ......................................78, 144
SRMR II ..................................................22, 144
SSAGIncentive..............................................136
SSM .......................................................148, 149
Stabilisation Manager(s)...................................iv
Strategy............................................................13
Subsequent Margin..........................................64
Subsequent Reset Date ....................................64
Subsequent Reset Period .................................64
Subsequent Reset Rate ....................................26
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ...................64
Subsidiary........................................................74
Successor Rate.................................................64
Swap Transaction ............................................51
Swiss Franc........................................................2
TARGET Business Day ..................................58
TARGET System.............................................64
Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations
.....................................................................13
TEFRA ..............................................................7
Tier 1 Capital...................................................47
Tier 2 Capital...................................................47
Trade and Cooperation Agreement .................35
Tranche..............................................................1
Transformation Plan ........................................86
Troika ............................................................164
UK .............................................................1, 178
UK CRA Regulation..................................1, 186
UK MiFIR .....................................................178
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .....ii, 179
UK PRIIPs Regulation ..............................ii, 178
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................174
UN ...................................................................34
unit...................................................................53
United States Dollar ..........................................2
VaR................................................................114
ZTNA ............................................................117

--- Page 209 ---
10232074867-v29
70-41036336
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.
Rua Castilho, 5
1250-066 Lisbon
Portugal
ARRANGER
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue la Boétie
75008 Paris
France
DEALERS
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue la Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral
caixa económica bancária, S.A.
Rua Castilho, 5
1250-066 Lisbon
Portugal
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052 - 92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe) S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42
28001 Madrid
Spain
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt/ Main
Germany
DZ BANK AG Deutsche
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank,
Frankfurt am Main
Platz der Republik
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan
Italy
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310
Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Natixis
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
1082 MD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Société Générale
29 Boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse, 12
81925 Munich
Germany

--- Page 210 ---
10232074867-v29
70-41036336
AGENT
Caixa Económica Montepio Geral, caixa económica bancária, S.A.
Rua Castilho, 5
1250-066 Lisbon
Portugal
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to English law:
To the Issuer as to Portuguese law:
Clifford Chance LLP
10 Upper Bank Street
London, E14 5JJ
United Kingdom
António Frutuoso de Melo e Associados,
Sociedade de Advogados, SP RL
Avenida da Liberdade, 38-1.˚
1250-145 Lisbon
Portugal
To the Dealers as to English law:
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda.
Palácio Sottomayor
Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor
1069-316 Lisbon
Portugal
Listing Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
EB6-0000