--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 13 January 2025 
 
CAIXA CENTRAL - CAIXA CENTRAL DE CRÉDITO 
AGRÍCOLA MÚTUO, C.R.L. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme" and the "Base Prospectus", respectively), Caixa Central 
- Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo, C.R.L. (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €2,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme for the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to Euronext Dublin for 
such Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"). 
The applicable Final Terms (as defined in "Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue") in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue") of Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and 
will be in registered (nominativas) form in the Specified Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be integrated in and held through 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as the entity responsible 
for the management and operation of the Central de Valores Mobiliários, a Portuguese Securities Centralised System managed and operated by Interbolsa (the 
"CVM"). The CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
through securities accounts held by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Affiliate Members (as defined in "Form of the Notes and Clearing System") 
of Interbolsa. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") (as applicable) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the EU CRA regulation can be found at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
The 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation 
rating 
agency 
register 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 13 January 2025. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. Investors should also see the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "Taxation" in respect of procedures to be followed to receive payments under the Notes. Holders are required to adopt 
the procedures as described herein in order to receive payments on the Notes free from Portuguese withholding tax. Holders must rely on the procedures of 
Interbolsa to receive payments under the Notes. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and each applicable Final Terms for each issuance of Notes issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each 
applicable Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus has been extracted or derived from independent sources. Where 
this is the case, the source has been identified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject 
to increase as described herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
consistent with this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and any information 
or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the 
information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The minimum specified denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Paying Agent accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be 
made by the Arranger, a Dealer or the Paying Agent or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the 
issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, each Dealer and the Paying Agent accordingly disclaims all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
The Issuer confirms that this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is 
not misleading; that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable 
assumptions; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue 
of Instruments, make any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any 
material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. The Issuer 
confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all such information as may be required by all applicable laws, 
rules and regulations. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates: (i) as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; or (ii) for any acts or omissions of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes 
under the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any 
representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil green, social or sustainability criteria required by 
any prospective investors. Neither the Arranger, nor any of the Dealers, nor any of their affiliates have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether 
the Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Group's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Framework (as defined in the "Risk Factors – The use of proceeds of Green Notes, 
Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes may not correspond to investor criteria; There may be insufficient 
assets for investment proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes" section of this 
Base Prospectus) or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of 
the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings 
has been appointed by the Issuer to provide the Second Party Opinion (as defined in the "Risk Factors – 
The use of proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes may not correspond to 
investor criteria; There may be insufficient assets for investment proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes 
and/or Sustainability Notes" section of this Base Prospectus). Investors should refer to the Group's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any public reporting by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds (each of which are available on the Issuer's website 
at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-en/debt-issuances/green-social-and-sustainable-
framework and which, for the avoidance of doubt, are not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus) for information, however, any information on, or accessible through, the website and the 
information in the Second Party Opinion or the Group's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework should 
not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. None of 
the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as 
to the suitability or content of such materials for any purpose whatsoever of any such materials in 
connection with the offering of the Notes.  
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers is responsible for the contents, completeness or accuracy of the 
Base Prospectus (or other such offering document) or any announcement, press release, investor 
presentation or other marketing materials used in connection with the Notes or with the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Framework.  
In the ordinary course of business, each Dealer has engaged and may in the future engage in normal banking 
or investment banking transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates or any of them. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations and/or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe or purchase, any of the Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –  Unless the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification:  In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
GENERAL 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus, including any information as to the Issuer's strategy, 
market position, plans or future financial or operating performance, constitutes "forward-looking 
statements". All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. The 
words "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "contemplate", "target", "plan", "intend", "continue", "budget", 
"project", "aim", "estimate", "may", "will", "could", "should", "schedule" and similar expressions identify 
forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while 
considered reasonable by the Issuer, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and 
competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Known and unknown factors could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not 
limited to, those described in "Risk Factors".

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-
looking statements may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements 
in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus, reflect the current view of the 
executive board of directors of the Issuer (the "Board") with respect to future events and are subject to risks 
relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Issuer's operations, 
results of operations, strategy, liquidity, capital and leverage ratios and the availability of new funding. 
Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in this Base Prospectus that could cause actual 
results to differ before making an investment decision. All of the forward-looking statements made in this 
Base Prospectus are qualified by these cautionary statements. Specific reference is made to the information 
set out in "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and of the Group". 
Subject to applicable law or regulation, the Issuer explicitly disclaims any intention or obligation or 
undertaking publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this Base 
Prospectus that may occur due to any change in the Issuer's expectations or to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement 
to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
- vii - 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
The historical financial information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus has been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (the "IFRS"), as adopted by the European 
Union and issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The historical financial information 
presented in this Base Prospectus consists of audited consolidated financial information of the Group for 
the financial periods ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (the "2023 Annual Financial 
Statements") and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the nine month 
periods ended 30 September 2024 (the "Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements") (which includes for 
comparison purposes, the consolidated income statement for the nine month period ended 30 September 
2023) (together, the "Historical Financial Information"). As disclosed in Note 2.2. “Alterations to the 
accounting policies and comparative information” of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements, the 
consolidated financial information of the Group for the financial period ended 31 December 2022 are in all 
material aspects comparable with the financial statements for 2023, with the Group having retrospectively 
applied IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts and IFRS 9 – Financial instruments, which came into force on 1 
January 2023. The Group opted for the possibility given to insurers to postpone the application of IFRS 9 
to the same date as the adoption of IFRS 17, since the combined implementation with IFRS 17 minimises 
the distortion of results. The initial adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is retrospective, and the impacts on the 
transition date (1 January 2022) and 31 December 2022 are presented in Note 2.5. of the 2023 Annual 
Financial Statements. Therefore, the consolidated financial information of the Group for the financial 
period ended 31 December 2022 was extracted from the comparative period of the annual report for the 
period ended 31 December 2023. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Group's consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, the Group 
uses certain ratios and measures which are included in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
"alternative performance measures" (each an "APM") as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the "ESMA Guidelines") published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is understood as "a financial 
measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial 
measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework". The APMs used in this Base 
Prospectus comply with the ESMA Guidelines.  
The Group believes that the inclusion of APMs, when considered in conjunction with measures reported 
under IFRS, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the Group's performance in the 
periods presented and enhances investors' overall understanding of the Group's financial performance. 
APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in 
compliance with IFRS. 
As used in this Base Prospectus, the following terms have the following meanings and references to certain 
line items shall be as to as presented in the Historical Financial Information. If the following terms do not 
refer to a line item, the respective note has been indicated:  
Designation 
Definition 
Income Statement 
Net interest income 
Comprises "Interest income" less "(Interest expense)". 
Net fees and commissions 
Comprises "Fee and commission income" less "(Fee and commission expenses)". 
Net trading income 
Corresponds to the sum of "Dividend income", "Gains or (-) losses on financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss, net", "Gains 
or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net", "Gains or (-) 
losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss, net",  , "Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net", "Foreign Exchange 
differences [gains or losses (-)], net" and “Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of 
non-financial assets, net”.

--- Page 9 ---
- viii - 
 
 
Designation 
Definition 
Other net operating 
income 
Corresponds to the sum of "Other operating income", plus "(Other operating 
expenses)" and plus "(Cash contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee 
schemes)". 
Operating income 
Corresponds to the sum of "Total operating income, net" deducted of "(Cash 
contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes)". 
Operating costs 
Comprises 
"(Staff 
expenses)", 
"(Other 
administrative 
expenses)" 
and 
"(Depreciation/Amortisation)". 
Impairment and 
provisions for the period 
Comprises "(Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions)", "(Impairment or reversal 
of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss)", and "(Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets)".  
Impairment and 
provisions for the period 
of which: credit 
impairment 
Corresponds to the Impairments of Assets at amortised cost related to loans and 
securitised/commercial paper (excluding impairment from interest income of 
stage 3 contracts) ("Top-ups" plus "Write-backs & annulments"), as mentioned in 
Note 18 of the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements ("Provisions and 
Impairments").  
Gain and losses in other 
assets 
Corresponds to the sum of "Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in joint 
ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method" plus "Profit or (-) 
loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not 
qualifying as discounted discontinued operations". 
Net income 
Corresponds to "Profit or (-) Loss for the year - Attributable to owners of the parent 
company".  
Balance sheet 
Total Loans and 
advances portfolio 
(gross) to customers 
Corresponds to the sum of "Total Credit Portfolio", excluding the "Accumulated 
impairment – Total Credit Portfolio", as mentioned in Note 9.3 of the 2023 Annual 
Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements ("Financial 
assets at amortised cost" - "Loans and Advances to customers"), respectively, plus 
the total of "Securitised", as mentioned in Note 9.1 of the 2023 Annual Financial 
Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements ("Financial assets at 
amortized cost – "Debt Securities"). Corresponds to "loan portfolio". 
Customer deposits 
Corresponds to the sum of total of "Deposits", excluding "Loans – Banco de 
Portugal", “Loans to Other credit institutions", "Interest – Banco de Portugal" and 
"Interest–payable - of which to Other credit institutions", as mentioned in Note 17 
"Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost" of the 2023 Annual Financial 
Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements. Corresponds to 
"Customer funds on the balance sheet".  
Loans and advances to 
customers (net) 
Corresponds to the sum of "Total Credit Portfolio", as mentioned in Note 9.3 
("Financial assets at amortised cost" - “Loans and Advances to customers”) of the 
2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements, 
respectively, plus the sum of total "Securitised" and "Accumulated impairment – 
Securitised", as mentioned in Notes 9.1 (“Financial assets at amortised cost” - 
“Debt Securities”) of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements.  
Securities portfolio 
Corresponds to the sum of "Financial assets held for trading – Debt securities 
instruments", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss – Debt securities instruments", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss – Debt securities", "Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income – Debt securities" and "Financial assets at 
amortised cost – Debt Securities" excluding "Accumulated impairment – Debt

--- Page 10 ---
- ix - 
 
 
Designation 
Definition 
instruments" and the total "Securitised" with "Accumulated impairment", as 
mentioned in Note 9.1 ("Financial assets at amortised cost" - Debt Securities”) of 
the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial 
Statements. 
Total Accumulated 
impairment and 
provisions 
Corresponds to the sum of "Accumulated impairment – Debt instruments" (Note 
9.1 "Financial assets at amortised cost – Debt Securities" of the 2023 Annual 
Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements), 
"Accumulated impairment – securitised" (Note 9.1 "Financial assets at amortised 
cost – Debt Securities” of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements), "Accumulated impairment – Total Credit portfolio" 
(Note 9.3 "Financial assets at amortised cost – "Loans and Advances to customers" 
of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial 
Statements), "Investment impairments" (Note 9.2 "Financial assets at amortised 
cost – Loans and Advances" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 
2024 Interim Financial Statements), "Impairment on investments in joint ventures 
and associates" (Note 11 "Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associates" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim 
Financial Statements), "Impairment – fixed tangible assets" (Note 12 "Tangible 
assets" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim 
Financial Statements), "Impairment – Other assets" (Note 15 "Other assets" of the 
2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements), 
"Impairment – Impairment of real estate properties" and "Impairment – 
Impairment of equipment and other assets" (Note 16 "Non-current assets and 
disposal groups classified as held for sale" of the 2023 Annual Financial 
Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements), "Impairment of assets 
at FVTOCI" (Note 23 "Other accumulated comprehensive income, retained 
earnings and reserves" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements) and "Provisions for guarantees provided and 
irrevocable commitments" and "Provisions for other risks" (Note 18 "Provisions 
and Impairment" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements). 
Accumulated 
impairment and 
provisions 
Corresponds to the sum of "Accumulated impairment – Debt instruments" (Note 
9.1 "Financial assets at amortised cost – Debt Securities" of the 2023 Annual 
Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements), 
"Accumulated impairment – securitised" (Note 9.1 "Financial assets at amortised 
cost – Debt Securities” of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements), "Accumulated impairment – Total Credit portfolio" 
(Note 9.3 "Financial assets at amortised cost – "Loans and Advances to customers" 
of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial 
Statements), "Investment impairments" (Note 9.2 "Financial assets at amortised 
cost – Investments" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 
Interim Financial Statements), "Impairment – Property, plant and equipment" 
(Note 12 "Tangible assets" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 
2024 Interim Financial Statements), "Impairment – Other assets" (Note 15 "Other 
assets" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim 
Financial Statements), "Impairment – Impairment of real estate properties" and 
"Impairment – Impairment of equipment and other assets" (Note 16 "Non-current 
assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale" of the 2023 Annual Financial 
Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements). 
Accumulated 
impairment and 
provisions of which: 
Accumulated 
impairment of credit 
Corresponds to the sum of "Accumulated impairment – "Total Credit Portfolio" 
(Note 9.3 "Financial assets at amortised cost" - "Loans and Advances to 
customers" of the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim 
Financial Statements) and sum of total "Accumulated impairment – securitised " 
(Note 9.1 "Financial assets at amortised cost" - "Debt Securities" of the 2023 
Annual Financial Statements and the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements).

--- Page 11 ---
- x - 
 
 
Designation 
Definition 
Off balance sheet 
customers funds 
Off balance sheet funds corresponds to assets under management and value of 
mathematical provisions and financial liabilities of insurance contracts considered 
for accounting purposes as insurance contracts subscribed by customers. 
Customer funds 
Customer funds on and off balance sheet. 
 
 
Asset Quality 
NPL 
Non-performing loans definition, under the Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, includes: Credit past due more than 90 days with materiality criteria as 
specified in the relevant EBA RTS 2016/06; All transactions with clients who have 
shown at least 3 evidences/ indicators of unlikeliness to pay; Insolvent clients/ 
expected to become insolvent; Forborne exposures that have second or more 
amendments to the contracts; Forborne exposures with amounts more than 30 days 
past due during the probation period; Urgent restructuring; Quarantine period of 
12 months for the credits that are in default by forborne exposures criteria (the 
existence of contract terms that extend the repayment period, such as grace period 
for the principal, are added to the quarantine period in default); Quarantine period 
of 3 months for the remaining loans; and all exposures to a debtor (on-balance and 
off-balance) with on-balance past due by more than 90 days that account for more 
than 20 per cent. of the on-balance total. 
NPL ratio 
Non-performing loans divided by loans and advances portfolio to customers 
excluding central banks (gross). 
NPE ratio 
According to EBA definition, non-performing debt instruments other than held for 
trading or trading non-performing loans and advances, non-performing cash 
balances at central banks and other demand deposits and non-performing debt 
securities divided by total gross debt instruments total loans and advances, cash 
balances at central banks and other demand deposits and total debt securities. 
NPL coverage by credit 
impairments 
Credit impairment divided by non-performing loans. 
NPL coverage by NPL 
impairments 
Non-performing impairment divided by non-performing loans. 
NPL coverage by NPL 
impairments and 
collaterals 
Total of non-performing impairment and associated collaterals, applying haircuts 
and recovery costs to the collateral, divided by non-performing loans. 
NPL coverage by NPL 
impairments and 
collaterals (FINREP) 
Non-performing impairment and associated collaterals, applying haircuts and 
recovery costs to the collateral, limited by the exposure of each contract, divided 
by non-performing loans. 
Texas ratio 
Non-performing loans divided by the sum of common equity tier 1 (excluding net 
income) and the impairment stock. 
Cost of risk 
Impairments 
of 
Assets 
at 
amortised 
cost 
related 
to 
loans 
and 
securitised/commercial paper (excluding impairment from interest income of 
stage 3 contracts), ("Top-ups" plus "Write-backs and annulments") as mentioned 
in Note 18 of the Q3 2024 Interim Financial Statements (Provisions and 
impairments) divided by Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to customers 
in the period

--- Page 12 ---
- xi - 
 
 
Ratio of loans overdue + 
90 days 
Loans and advances more than 90 days overdue ("Total overdue credit and 
interest" less overdue credit balances with and without impairment up to three 
months divided by Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to customers). 
Coverage ratio 
Accumulated impairment and provisions of which: Accumulated impairment of 
credit divided by Loans and advances more than 90 days overdue ("Total overdue 
credit and interest" less overdue credit balances with and without impairment up 
to three months). 
 
 
Capital and liquidity 
CET1 Capital Ratio 
CET1 capital expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
Tier1 Capital Ratio 
Tier1 capital expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
Total capital ratio 
Total own funds expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
MREL TREA 
Total own funds and MREL eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the 
total risk exposure amount. 
MREL LRE 
Total own funds and MREL eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the 
total exposure measure. 
Leverage ratio 
Tier 1 capital expressed as a percentage of the total exposure measure. 
Loan to deposit ratio 
Loans and advances to customers (net) divided by customer deposits. 
Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) 
The liquidity coverage ratio is the ratio between the amount of high-quality, 
unencumbered liquid assets (held in a liquidity buffer), available under adverse 
conditions, and net cash outflows, calculated according to regulatory defined 
parameters. The LCR aims to ensure the maintenance of sufficient high-quality 
liquid assets on the balance sheet to withstand a scenario of adverse financing 
conditions for 30 days. 
Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(NSFR) 
The net stable funding ratio requirement is the ratio of an institution's amount of 
available stable funding to its amount of required stable funding over a one-year 
horizon. The amount of available stable funding should be calculated by 
multiplying the institution's liabilities and own funds by appropriate factors that 
reflect their degree of reliability over the one-year horizon. The amount of required 
stable funding should be calculated by multiplying the institution's assets and off-
balance-sheet exposures by appropriate factors that reflect their liquidity 
characteristics and residual maturities over the same one-year horizon. The NSFR 
should be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100 per cent., 
which indicates that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its 
funding needs over that one-year horizon under both normal and stressed 
conditions. 
Solvency ratios, 
excluding net income 
Own funds, excluding net income, expressed as a percentage of the total risk 
exposure amount. 
MREL TREA, excluding 
net income 
Own funds, excluding net income, and MREL eligible liabilities, expressed as a 
percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
MREL LRE, excluding 
net income 
Own funds, excluding net income, and MREL eligible liabilities, expressed as a 
percentage of the total exposure measure. 
Leverage ratio, excluding 
net income 
Own funds, excluding net income, expressed as a percentage of the total exposure.

--- Page 13 ---
- xii - 
 
 
Solvency capital 
requirement (SCR) ratio 
Insurance company own funds divided by solvency capital requirement coverage 
level.

--- Page 14 ---
- xiii - 
 
 
Efficiency and Profitability 
Cost-to-income 
Cost-to-income corresponds to Operating costs divided by Operating Income. 
ROA 
"Profit or (-) Loss for the year" multiplied by 12 months and divided by number 
of months of the period divided by the average of "Total assets" (average between 
the amount in the beginning and in end of the period). 
ROE 
"Profit or (-) Loss for the year" multiplied by 12 months and divided by number 
of months of the period divided by the average of "Total equity" (average between 
the amount in the beginning and in end of the period). 
Currency Presentation 
Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this Base Prospectus to "€" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended. The Issuer prepares its financial statements in euro. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed 
in euro. 
Roundings 
Percentages and certain amounts in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operating 
information, may have been rounded. As a result, the figures shown as totals may not be the precise sum of 
the figures that precede them. 
Definitions 
The Issuer, the 67 mutual agricultural credit banks (Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo) with a local scope 
of activity that are permanently affiliated to the Issuer, and that hold the entirety of its share capital, in 
accordance with Portuguese law (the "Associated Caixas") and the companies (irrespective of their 
corporate legal form) that are directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer and its Associated Caixas (which 
engage in activities that are supplementary or ancillary to theirs, notably insurance activities in the life 
business and non-life business, asset management, investment in venture capital, holding and management 
of the Group's assets, provision of information technology and other shared services, amongst others) as 
listed in the section "Group Companies" below, including the FACAM (Crédito Agrícola Mútuo Assistance 
Fund) (the "Affiliated Companies") are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as the "Group".

--- Page 15 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE GROUP .................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 50 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM ............................................................................. 81 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 83 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND OF THE GROUP ...................................................................... 85 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 148 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 156 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 160 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 170

--- Page 16 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective 
meanings given to them in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions"). 
"Issuer" 
Caixa Central - Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo, 
C.R.L. 
"Legal Entity Identifier" 
529900H2MBEC07BLTB26 
"Description" 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
"Programme Size" 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
"Arranger" 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
"Dealers" 
Banco Santander, S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan SE, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UBS Europe SE and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and persons appointed as dealers in respect of 
one or more Tranches. 
"Principal Paying Agent" 
Citibank Europe plc 
"Portuguese Paying Agent" 
Citibank Europe plc 
"Agent Bank" 
Citibank Europe plc  
"Method of Issue" 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the applicable terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be completed in the final terms document 
relating to the Notes (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 17 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
"Issue Price" 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their principal amount. 
''Form of Notes" 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form 
(forma escritural) and will be in registered (nominativas) 
form and will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa, 
as the entity responsible for the management and operation 
of the CVM. The terms and conditions of each Series of 
Notes shall be the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented and/or completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by the Issuer 
in favour of the Holders dated 13 January 2025 (the 
"Instrument"). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Clearing Systems" 
Notes will be cleared and settled through Interbolsa (and 
indirectly 
through 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). For a summary description of certain related 
rules applicable to the Notes, see the section "Form of the 
Notes and Clearing System". 
"Currencies" 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements and acceptance by Interbolsa for 
registration and clearing securities, Notes may be issued in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers. 
"Maturities" 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
"Specified Denomination" 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
"Fixed Rate Notes" 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reset Notes" 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on 
one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference 
Bond Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
further described in the Conditions and subject to the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 
3(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation). Such interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Reset Note Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined 
pursuant to the Conditions.

--- Page 18 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
"Floating Rate Notes" 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for 
any applicable margin and subject to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 3(k) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Interest periods may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Notes" 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount 
or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
"Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates" 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. 
"Redemption" 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amounts payable. 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount, which shall be at least equal to its 
principal amount. 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, 
if "Loss Absorption Disqualification Event" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, but 
otherwise early redemption will be permitted only to the 
extent specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Notes will be subject to Condition 
4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of the Notes). 
"Optional Redemption" 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and whether Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (in whole) where the Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased 
and subsequently cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 
and, in either such case, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Any optional redemption of Notes will be subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, 
Variation and Purchase of the Notes). 
The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of Holders. 
"Benchmark Discontinuation" 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes, on the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case,

--- Page 19 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
3(k) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
"Status of Senior Preferred Notes" 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders 
shall rank (A) pari passu among themselves and with any 
other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, save for those 
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities that have been accorded 
by law preferential rights and (B) senior to (i) Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future 
subordinated obligations and all classes of share capital of 
the Issuer. See Condition 2(a) (Status of Senior Preferred 
Notes). 
"Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes" 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders 
shall rank (A) pari passu among themselves and with any 
other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; (B) junior to 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer that 
do not have the ranking foreseen in Article 8-A; and (C) 
senior to all present and future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank 
subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, including all classes of 
share capital of the Issuer, in accordance with Article 8-A. 
See Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
"Substitution and Variation" 
If "Substitution and Variation" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Tax Event or 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, as the case may be, 
has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 13(d) 
(Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), 
the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 4(j) 
(Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of the Notes) substitute all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant 
Notes such that they remain or, become Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes. See Condition 4(g) (Substitution or 
Variation). 
"Default" 
If the Issuer does not make payment of any amount in 
respect of the Notes for a period of 14 days or more after the 
date on which such payment is due, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to be in default under the Notes. 
In the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, a Holder may 
prove and/or claim in such Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
See Condition 6(a) (Default).

--- Page 20 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
"Enforcement" 
Subject to Condition 6(a) (Default), a Holder may at its 
discretion institute steps, actions or proceedings to enforce 
any term or condition binding on the Issuer, other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer, under the Instrument, 
Agency Terms or the Notes. 
See Condition 6(b) (Enforcement). 
"Modification" 
The Instrument will contain provisions for convening 
meetings of Holders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of any of the Conditions or any 
provisions of the Instrument. 
See Condition 9 (Meetings of Holders, Modification and 
Waiver). 
"Ratings" 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such ratings will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or the UK and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
"Withholding Tax and Additional 
Amounts" 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, in respect of 
payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) 
the Issuer will (subject to certain customary exceptions as 
described in the Conditions) pay such Additional Amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders after the withholding or deduction shall 
equal the amounts which would have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction. 
In no event will the Issuer be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and any regulations or agreements thereunder or any 
official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
"Governing Law" 
English law, save that Conditions 1 (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer), 2(a) and 2(b) (Status; No Set-Off) and 
13(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be

--- Page 21 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. See 
Condition 13(a) (Governing Law). 
''Listing and Admission to 
Trading" 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official 
List and to admit the Notes to trading on the Market. 
The Notes may also be listed on such other or further stock 
exchange or stock exchanges as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each issue. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
"Selling Restrictions" 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in Portugal, the United States, the EEA, the UK, Italy, 
Singapore, Switzerland and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale". 
No Notes with a maturity of less than 398 days will be 
issued pursuant to the Programme.  
Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
"Use of Proceeds": 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the general corporate purposes of the Group or in respect of 
any Notes which are issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds is 
intended to be used to finance and/or refinance Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets in accordance 
with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability 
Framework.

--- Page 22 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE GROUP 
The following tables set forth selected historical consolidated financial information derived from the 
Financial Statements and are presented in Euros and included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. See 
"Presentation of Financial and Other Information". 
Prospective investors should read the following summary consolidated financial and other information in 
conjunction with the information contained in the Financial Statements and the related notes thereto. 
Consolidated Income Statement  
 
For the nine months 
ended 
For the year ended 
30-Sep-
2023 
30-Sep-
2024 
31-Dec-2023 
31-Dec-20221 
 
(Amounts in thousand euros) 
 
(unaudited 
and not 
reviewed) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Interest income  
654,467 
862,952 
953,150 
561,835 
(Interest expenses)  
117,910 
270,142 
203,671 
194,035 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
536,558 
592,809 
749,479 
367,800 
Dividend income  
750 
1,312 
828 
726 
Fee and commission income  
133,579 
137,085 
181,597 
166,781 
(Fee and commission expenses)  
24,511 
23,739 
28,569 
28,516 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss, net  
1,152 
-842 
359 
-4,776 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, 
net  
3,354 
1,936 
10,333 
-400 
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss, net  
825 
8,626 
6,449 
-13,693 
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net   
4,658 
1,701 
7,857 
-697 
Foreign exchange differences [gains or losses (-)], net  
1,481 
2,112 
2,017 
2,297 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
490 
9,690 
686 
1,818 
Insurance contracts results 
70,006 
71,763 
90,529 
88,329 
Other operating income  
27,875 
29,511 
39,413 
41,051 
(Other operating expenses)  
28,926 
28,730 
45,740 
38,244 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME, NET  
727,287 
803,234 
1,015,237 
582,477 
(Administrative expenses)  
283,968 
303,271 
384,927 
366,091 
(Staff expenses)  
187,734 
200,878 
249,484 
236,440 
(Other administrative expenses)  
96,234 
102,394 
135,443 
129,651 
(Cash contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee 
schemes)  
5,267 
1,573 
6,964 
9,675 
(Depreciation/Amortisation)  
26,766 
28,133 
36,282 
34,821 
Modification gains or (-) losses, net  
-1,947 
-6,914 
-2,139 
5,855 
(Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions)  
-8,401 
-631 
15,817 
10,095 
(Impairments or reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss)  
75,478 
5,570 
91,907 
47,331 
(Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets)  
4,476 
3,405 
21,386 
-40 
Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in joint ventures and 
associates accounted for using the equity method  
38 
634 
553 
569 
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets and disposal groups 
classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued operations  
-35,483 
476 
-43,725 
3,196 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS  
302,341 
456,111 
412,643 
124,124 
(Tax (-) expenses or income related to profit or loss from continuing 
operations)  
77,258 
108,798 
115,189 
36,109 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS  
225,083 
347,313 
297,454 
88,016 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR  
225,083 
347,313 
297,454 
88,016 
Attributable to non-controlling interests  
214 
203 
229 
244 
Attributable to owners of the parent company  
224,869 
347,110 
297,224 
87,772 
 
 
1 
The consolidated financial information of the Group for the financial period ended 31 December 2022 was extracted from the 
comparative period of the annual report for the period ended 31 December 2023. For more details, see section “Historical Financial 
Information” in the chapter “Presentation of financial and other information”.

--- Page 23 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
As at 
As at 
30-Sep-2024 
31-Dec-2023 
31-Dec-20222 
 
(Amounts in thousand euros) 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits  
2,099,323 
1,615,303 
1,356,383 
Financial assets held for trading  
211,014 
142,628 
179,445 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss  
145,740 
149,855 
143,796 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
694,891 
905,800 
690,911 
Financial assets at amortised cost  
21,908,539 
20,867,887 
20,663,435 
Debt securities  
10,484,449 
9,553,816 
9,422,131 
Loans and advances - Central Banks and Credit Institutions  
40,123 
32,780 
29,090 
Loans and advances – Customers  
11,383,967 
11,281,291 
11,212,215 
Derivatives - Hedge accounting  
606,121 
686,290 
885,429 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates  
3,021 
3,041 
2,830 
Tangible assets  
247,147 
248,344 
247,439 
Intangible assets  
101,137 
103,873 
109,229 
Tax assets  
72,230 
81,210 
87,591 
Other assets  
473,332 
490,322 
354,034 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale  
5,510 
7,488 
260,079 
TOTAL ASSETS  
26,568,005 
25,302,041 
24,980,600 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading  
21,282,81 
9,872 
5,216 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  
21,843,735 
20,810,313 
20,804,720 
Deposits  
21,256,409 
20,228,045 
20,467,449 
Debt securities issued  
561,888 
561,522 
301,171 
Other financial liabilities  
25,438 
20,745 
36,099 
Derivatives - Hedge accounting  
97,418 
97,297 
27,415 
Provisions  
43,590 
50,336 
41,143 
Tax liabilities  
34,655 
124,720 
51,961 
Share capital repayable on demand  
56 
60 
430 
Other liabilities  
1,751,002 
1,771,912 
1,942,499 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  
23,791,740 
22,864,509 
22,873,383 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
Capital  
1,656,599 
1,522,831 
1,443,427 
Other accumulated comprehensive income  
-50,637 
-47,538 
-77,366 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  
-27,924 
-27,924 
-27,234 
Actuarial gains or losses (-) on defined benefit pension plans  
-27,924 
-27,924 
-27,234 
Items that can be reclassified to profit or loss  
-22,713 
-19,614 
-50,132 
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
-64,575 
-79,504 
-120,320 
Reserves of the financial component of insurance contracts 
41,861 
59,890 
70,187 
Retained earnings  
21,722 
-1,931 
11,449 
Revaluation reserves  
-224 
-310 
-162 
Other reserves  
799,462 
665,059 
640,117 
Other  
793,370 
657,060 
625,456 
Reserves of the financial component of insurance contracts 
6,095 
8,106 
14,756 
Reserves of the financial component of reinsurance contracts 
-2 
-106 
-95 
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent company 
347,110 
297,224 
87,772 
Non-controlling interests  
2,234 
2,196 
1,980 
TOTAL EQUITY  
2,776,265 
2,437,532 
2,107,217 
TOTAL EQUITY AND TOTAL LIABILITIES  
26,568,005 
25,302,041 
24,980,600 
 
 
2 
The consolidated financial information of the Group for the financial period ended 31 December 2022 was extracted from the 
comparative period of the annual report for the period ended 31 December 2023. For more details, see section “Historical Financial 
Information” in the chapter “Presentation of financial and other information”.

--- Page 24 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
APPENDIX 
Local Banks and Companies of the Group 
 
30 September 2024 
In thousand euros, except for % 
Equity 
Net Assets 
Profit/(Loss) 
for the year 
Direct holding 
Effective 
holding 
Consolidation 
method 
Banks 
 
 
 
 
  
Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo (1) ...... 
2,323,845 
23,548,769 
262,525 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútuo ................................................. 
645,853 
14,097,176 
61,624 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
Asset management and brokerage 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crédito Agrícola Gest– SGOIC, S.A. de 
Investimento Mobiliário S.A. ............. 
1,818 
3,425 
245 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
Crédito Agrícola Imóveis, Unipessoal, 
Lda. .................................................... 
1,156 
7,079 
-759 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
Provision of Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FENACAM - Federação Nacional das 
Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
FCRL ................................................. 
8,756 
11,416 
1,299 
99.98% 
99.98% 
Full 
Crédito Agrícola Informática-Serviços 
de Informática S.A. ............................ 
9,428 
14,299 
308 
99.45% 
99.45% 
Full 
Investment Funds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FEIIA CA Imobiliário ............................. 
95,983 
98,911 
-1,988 
99.92% 
99.92% 
Full 
FEIIF ImoValorCA................................. 
7,293 
7,459 
-603 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
FIM Alternativo de Obrigações Fechado 
CA Institucionais ................................ 
19,834 
19,849 
486 
100.00% 
98.79% 
Full 
Insurance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crédito Agrícola Seguros ........................ 
68,899 
280,488 
7,206 
97.40% 
97.38% 
Full 
Crédito Agrícola Vida ............................. 
154,033 
848,154 
7,434 
99.95% 
99.93% 
Full 
Other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Associação – Fundo de Assistência do 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo...................... 
137,413 
137,848 
876 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
CA Serviços - Serviços Informáticos e 
de Gestão – ACE ................................ 
12,357 
111,043 
12,357 
100.00% 
99.82% 
Full 
Crédito Agrícola SGPS S.A. ................... 
66,922 
155,508 
5,270 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
Crédito Agrícola Seguros & Pensões 
SGPS S.A. .......................................... 
139,673 
156,769 
8,467 
99.98% 
99.98% 
Full 
CCCAM Gestão de Investimentos e 
Consultoria, Unipessoal Lda ............... 
851 
6,752 
-11 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Full 
RNA - Rede Nacional de Assistência, 
S.A. .................................................... 
15,510 
22,791 
2,735 
20.00% 
19.48% 
Eq. Method 
Note: Values as at 30 September 2024 (accounting balances before consolidation adjustments). 
(1) Values correspond to the algebraic sum of Associated Caixas balance sheets. 
 
 
30 September 2024 
Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
(in thousand euros, except for %) 
Equity 
Net Assets 
Profit / 
Loss) for the 
year 
Direct 
holding 
Effective 
holding 
Consolidation 
method 
AÇORES C.R.L. 
73,451 
612,006 
8,029 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALBUFEIRA C.R.L. 
28,590 
293,312 
3,957 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALCOBAÇA, CARTAXO, NZ, R. MAIOR E 
SANTARÉM C.R.L. 
50,305 
558,973 
4,914 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALENQUER C.R.L. 
26,677 
162,625 
1,825 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALENTEJO CENTRAL C.R.L. 
43,415 
435,054 
4,150 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALENTEJO SUL C.R.L. 
41,777 
312,087 
3,485 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALGARVE C.R.L. 
45,940 
931,756 
10,823 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALJUSTREL E ALMODÔVAR C.R.L. 
18,622 
185,026 
1,932 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALTO CÁVADO E BASTO C.R.L. 
59,438 
438,852 
5,329 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ALTO DOURO C.R.L. 
101,470 
719,319 
9,729 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ÁREA METROPOLITANA DO PORTO 
C.R.L. 
20,295 
225,991 
3,484 
100% 
100% 
Full 
AZAMBUJA C.R.L. 
10,241 
118,951 
913 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BAIRRADA E AGUIEIRA C.R.L. 
15,100 
316,025 
3,229 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BAIXO MONDEGO C.R.L. 
41,691 
313,720 
3,455 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BAIXO VOUGA C.R.L. 
19,705 
318,942 
2,274 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BATALHA C.R.L. 
69,207 
342,522 
3,687 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BEIRA BAIXA (SUL) C.R.L. 
26,604 
270,491 
3,027 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BEIRA CENTRO C.R.L. 
14,409 
180,220 
2,304 
100% 
100% 
Full 
BEIRA DOURO E LAFÕES C.R.L. 
52,328 
437,227 
7,474 
100% 
100% 
Full 
C. RAINHA, ÓBIDOS E PENICHE C.R.L. 
46,114 
494,253 
5,019 
100% 
100% 
Full 
CADAVAL C.R.L. 
25,553 
134,080 
1,523 
100% 
100% 
Full 
CANTANHEDE E MIRA C.R.L. 
30,900 
357,448 
3,771 
100% 
100% 
Full 
CENTRO LITORAL C.R.L. 
124,321 
1,032,336 
12,282 
100% 
100% 
Full 
COIMBRA C.R.L. 
16,780 
235,294 
2,100 
100% 
100% 
Full 
CORUCHE C.R.L. 
9,264 
94,915 
669 
100% 
100% 
Full 
COSTA AZUL C.R.L. 
121,398 
1,117,387 
14,541 
100% 
100% 
Full 
COSTA VERDE C.R.L. 
2,087 
235,022 
1,579 
100% 
100% 
Full 
DOURO E CÔA C.R.L. 
25,949 
164,283 
1,519 
100% 
100% 
Full 
DOURO E SABOR C.R.L. 
22,774 
178,836 
2,484 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ELVAS, CAMPO MAIOR E BORBA C.R.L. 
15,902 
139,489 
916 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ENTRE TEJO E SADO C.R.L. 
4,297 
355,072 
2,210 
100% 
100% 
Full

--- Page 25 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
30 September 2024 
Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
(in thousand euros, except for %) 
Equity 
Net Assets 
Profit / 
Loss) for the 
year 
Direct 
holding 
Effective 
holding 
Consolidation 
method 
ESTREMOZ, MONFORTE E ARRONCHES 
C.R.L 
21,383 
154,581 
1,901 
100% 
100% 
Full 
GUADIANA INTERIOR C.R.L. 
22,874 
415,170 
4,053 
100% 
100% 
Full 
LOURES, SINTRA E LITORAL C.R.L. 
17,414 
398,670 
2,477 
100% 
100% 
Full 
LOURINHÃ C.R.L. 
37,751 
343,262 
4,392 
100% 
100% 
Full 
MÉDIO AVE C.R.L. 
23,759 
337,675 
3,198 
100% 
100% 
Full 
MORAVIS C.R.L. 
4,397 
105,907 
505 
100% 
100% 
Full 
NORDESTE ALENTEJANO C.R.L. 
13,825 
134,897 
960 
100% 
100% 
Full 
NOROESTE C.R.L. 
80,848 
1,002,009 
9,884 
100% 
100% 
Full 
NORTE ALENTEJANO C.R.L. 
11,924 
147,095 
817 
100% 
100% 
Full 
OLIVEIRA DE AZEMEIS E ESTARREJA 
C.R.L. 
12,750 
160,380 
1,448 
100% 
100% 
Full 
OLIVEIRA DO BAIRRO, ALBERGARIA E 
SEVER C.R.L. 
19,253 
216,272 
1,685 
100% 
100% 
Full 
P. VARZIM, V. CONDE, ESPOSENDE 
C.R.L. 
49,505 
696,757 
6,661 
100% 
100% 
Full 
PAREDES C.R.L. 
20,310 
165,931 
1,670 
100% 
100% 
Full 
PERNES E ALCANHÕES C.R.L. 
21,322 
131,774 
1,425 
100% 
100% 
Full 
PORTO DE MÓS C.R.L. 
14,034 
210,164 
1,249 
100% 
100% 
Full 
REGIÃO DO FUNDÃO E SABUGAL 
C.R.L. 
30,955 
335,523 
4,001 
100% 
100% 
Full 
RIBATEJO NORTE E TRAMAGAL C.R.L. 
22,856 
283,900 
2,951 
100% 
100% 
Full 
RIBATEJO SUL C.R.L. 
12,674 
161,620 
665 
100% 
100% 
Full 
SALVATERRA DE MAGOS C.R.L. 
27,310 
253,647 
2,722 
100% 
100% 
Full 
SÃO TEOTÓNIO C.R.L. 
49,431 
367,515 
6,554 
100% 
100% 
Full 
SERRA DA ESTRELA C.R.L. 
63,860 
534,229 
7,152 
100% 
100% 
Full 
SOBRAL DE MONTE AGRAÇO C.R.L. 
9,958 
74,270 
753 
100% 
100% 
Full 
SOTAVENTO ALGARVIO C.R.L. 
31,726 
457,998 
4,150 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TERRAS DO ARADE C.R.L 
49,494 
451,108 
6,630 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TERRA QUENTE C.R.L. 
23,402 
199,484 
2,490 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TERRAS DE SANTA MARIA C.R.L. 
20,722 
232,225 
1,901 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TERRAS DO SOUSA, AVE, BASTO E 
TÂMEGA C.R.L. 
47,573 
330,321 
4,026 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TERRAS DE VIRIATO C.R.L. 
31,436 
326,259 
3,010 
100% 
100% 
Full 
TRÁS-OS-MONTES E ALTO DOURO 
C.R.L. 
38,280 
471,529 
4,857 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VAGOS C.R.L. 
13,216 
191,868 
1,179 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VALE DO DÃO E ALTO VOUGA C.R.L. 
29,767 
278,537 
3,248 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VALE DO SOUSA E BAIXO TÂMEGA 
C.R.L. 
101,178 
947,548 
12,444 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VALE DO TÁVORA E DOURO C.R.L. 
57,654 
439,373 
9,728 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VILA FRANCA DE XIRA C.R.L. 
24,805 
225,788 
1,307 
100% 
100% 
Full 
VILA VERDE E TERRAS DE BOURO 
C.R.L. 
25,269 
291,164 
3,355 
100% 
100% 
Full 
ZONA DO PINHAL C.R.L. 
36,327 
362,805 
4,443 
100% 
100% 
Full 
 
Note: Values as at 30 September 2024 (unaudited).

--- Page 26 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks, most of which are contingencies which may or 
may not occur, and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated 
with any investment in the Notes, the Issuer and the financial services industry in Portugal in general, 
together with all the other information contained, and incorporated, in this document. This section 
describes the risk factors which are considered by the Issuer to be material to the Issuer and an investment 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. However, these should not be regarded as a complete and 
comprehensive statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. There may be other risks and uncertainties 
which are currently not known to the Issuer or which it currently does not consider to be material. Should 
any of the risks described below, or any other risks or uncertainties, occur this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operation, financial condition or prospects which in turn 
would be likely to cause the price of the Notes to decline and, as a result, an investor in the Notes could 
lose some or all of its investment. In addition, many of these factors are correlated and may require changes 
to the Issuer's capital requirements, and events described therein could therefore have a compounding 
adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out, and incorporated, elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
A. 
Risks relating to the economic and financial environment 
Risks relating to the Portuguese economy 
As a financial group whose core business is banking (taking deposits and granting credit) operating 
predominantly in Portugal, the Group is dependent on the performance of the Portuguese economy. 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, 100 per cent. of the Group's consolidated net 
assets related to its business activities in Portugal. Consequently, the business of the Group is 
particularly exposed to macroeconomic conditions, which affect growth in the Portuguese market, 
which in turn are affected by both domestic and international economic and political events. 
Furthermore, because the Group has significant exposure to small business and small and medium-
sized enterprise ("SME") lending, the performance of which is closely linked to both trends in the 
economy and export activity, the Group could be heavily affected by macroeconomic conditions 
in Portugal. 
The gradual transition to lower interest rates and EU fund inflows are expected to support stronger 
investment growth. External demand for Portuguese goods and services will accelerate over the 
projection horizon (2024-2026), but developments in exports are projected to be constrained by 
the fading out of the post-pandemic recovery in services, in particular tourism-related services. 
Gross domestic product ("GDP") increased 6.2 per cent. in 2022 and 2.5 per cent. in 2023 (Source: 
Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, October 2024). In 2024, economic activity is sustained by 
private consumption and exports, which is expected to accelerate in 2025–26. The Bank of Portugal 
foresees annual GDP growth of 1.6 per cent. in 2024 and 2.1 per cent. in 2025 (Source: Bank of 
Portugal, Economic Bulletin, October 2024). 
The average annual unemployment rate fell from 6.6 per cent. in 2019 to 6.5 per cent. of the labour 
force in 2023 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, October 2024). The behaviour of 
economic activity in 2023 exceeded expectations and largely reflected the resilience of the labour 
market. Employment continued to increase, sustained by high new job creation, with gains in the 
higher-paid sectors. The unemployment rate remained low, close to 2019 levels, as did the number 
of households with unemployed members. Developments in the labour market are expected to 
remain favourable, with increases in employment and real wages (Source: Bank of Portugal, 
Economic Bulletin, October 2024).

--- Page 27 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
In Portugal, the annual average consumer price index ("CPI") inflation stood at 5.3 per cent. in 
2023 (with the energy component decreasing 8.9 per cent. significant uncertainties over the short 
and medium term remain. In the case of inflation, the upside risks associated with turmoil in energy 
markets are mitigated by the possibility of a larger disinflationary impact of past monetary policy 
decisions (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, October 2024). 
The stock of NPLs has consistently declined (from a peak of 17.9 per cent. of total loans in June 
2016 to 2.6 per cent. in the second quarter of 2024) (Source: Bank of Portugal, Portuguese Banking 
System Statistics).  
House prices year on year rate of change increased 7.8 per cent. in the second quarter of 2024 
(Source: Bank of Portugal, Portuguese Banking System Statistics). A scenario of protracted tight 
monetary policy and worsening economic conditions may lead to lower real estate market prices 
through impact on demand, however, the effects on the Portuguese banking system should be 
contained as the share of banks' housing loan portfolios with high loan-to-value ("LTV") ratios is 
small, lessening the impact of a potential drop in house prices. In the commercial segment, the 
banking sector's exposure is contained (Source: Bank of Portugal, Financial Stability Report, May 
2024). 
Activity growth expectations from 2024 until 2026 are based on the assumption of progress in the 
execution of investments under the Growth and Resilience Plan (the "Plan"). Higher inflation and 
a rise in construction costs, as well as shortages of materials and management problems, could lead 
to a less effective execution of the Plan and to a lower than expected increase in investment in 
2024, affecting GDP growth. 
The materialisation of these risks would lead to negative consequences to the labour market, 
banking sector and public finances. A further and significant increase in energy and non-energy 
commodity prices, and a sudden cut-off in Russian gas supplies to Europe could lead to energy 
rationing and to a contraction in economic activity in the euro area, with negative indirect effects 
on the Portuguese economy. Additionally, further escalation of tensions between Russia and 
Europe and in the Middle East or the US would heighten uncertainty and have negative impacts on 
financial markets, which could lead to negative economic effects and to a rise in risk premia in the 
euro area periphery sovereign debt. See also the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer – 
Risks relating to the economic and financial environment". 
Concerns relating to macroeconomic conditions in Portugal, including regarding Portuguese public 
finances and political and social stability, have affected and may continue to affect the business 
and results of operations of financial institutions in Portugal, including the Issuer and other 
members of the Group. For example, difficulties in achieving further structural fiscal consolidation 
could prevent further improvements in economic conditions. These factors could impair the 
implementation of certain economic policies, and in turn, could affect the long-term growth 
potential of the Portuguese economy, thereby reducing the prospective profitability of the Issuer's 
business. All of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Portugal's fragile demographics (projected declining and ageing population) and low productivity 
growth exacerbate the growth challenges of the Portuguese economy. Low productivity growth 
would likely stifle the economy's growth potential, without further improvements in the efficiency 
of the public administration, judiciary, and the business environment, including with respect to 
barriers in services markets. 
The macroeconomic factors described above, and their impact on the banking sector in Portugal, 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations 
of the Group. For further details, see the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer – Risks 
relating to the economic and financial environment – Portugal may be subject to rating 
downgrades" below.

--- Page 28 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Risks relating to international economic and financial conditions and geopolitical risks 
The Group's businesses and performance are being and may continue to be negatively affected by 
current local and global economic conditions and adverse perceptions of those conditions and 
future economic prospects. 
In February 2022, the global economy was negatively impacted by the start of a military conflict 
by the Russian Federation ("Russia") in Ukraine (the "Russia-Ukraine conflict"), which further 
contributed to disruptions in global supply chains that were already affected by the COVID-19 
pandemic, which in turn led to a significant and widespread increase in inflation rates, mainly 
through an acceleration in energy and food prices. The EU imposed economic sanctions on Russia 
and Belarus, which included, among others, a ban on all transactions with the Russian Central Bank 
and the freezing of its assets and the exclusion of major Russian banks from SWIFT. 
The International Monetary Fund expects the global economy to grow by 3.2 per cent. in 2024 and 
2025, at the same rate as in 2023 (Source: World Economic Outlook, April 2024). For the euro 
area, the ECB foresees GDP growth of 0.8 per cent. in 2024 and 1.4 per cent. in 2025. The ECB 
sees inflation falling in 2024, but still remaining above the ECB's target at 2.5 per cent., down from 
5.4 per cent. in 2023 (Source: EC European Economic Forecast, Spring 2024). In June 2024, the 
ECB lowered interest rates by 25 basis points, based on the assessment of improved inflation 
outlook, as underlying inflation eased and inflation expectations declined. However, uncertainty 
remains and inflation could be higher and more persistent than expected, forcing the ECB to pause 
the ongoing gradual easing of monetary tightening. Tighter than expected monetary and financial 
conditions could lead to an environment of restricted liquidity. This, in turn, could lead to 
downward asset revaluations in markets, with negative wealth effects and with adverse impacts on 
confidence and spending by households and firms. 
There is also a possibility that an extended Russia-Ukraine conflict contributes to more permanent 
increases in energy and food prices, with a negative impact on global economic activity. Natural 
gas prices could increase again significantly in 2025. Lower than expected temperatures could 
reinforce an upward pressure on global gas demand and on prices. Europe, in particular, also faces 
the risk of being cut off completely from the supply of Russian gas. All these could create a need-
to-ration energy, which would likely lead to a contraction in economic activity. An extended 
Russia-Ukraine conflict may further contribute to permanent increases in energy and food prices, 
with a negative impact on global economic activity. 
Uncertainty over persistent inflation and interest rate expectations resulting from the continued 
Russia-Ukraine conflict could lead to lower confidence levels, negative economic effects and a 
tightening in financing conditions. Higher interest rates and currency appreciations in the main 
developed economies could lead to capital outflows from emerging markets, particularly from 
those with more visible macroeconomic imbalances. Worsening economic conditions in emerging 
markets could have a negative impact on the Portuguese business sector. Investor confidence could 
deteriorate, affecting financing conditions faced by the Portuguese Government and by Portuguese 
businesses. Portuguese exports and business investments could also feel a negative impact. 
Global economic growth and, particularly, activity in Europe, could be severely affected by an 
escalation of the war in Ukraine and by an increase in political and military tensions between 
Western countries and Russia, including the risk of a nuclear accident. The rise in uncertainty could 
delay investment and consumption decisions, hurting economic growth. A rise in public defence 
spending could contribute to a further upward pressure on inflation and on interest rates. 
Confidence levels could also be constrained by a rise in political and trade tensions between China 
and the US, and by a rise in tensions between the US and Iran, related to the latter's nuclear 
programme. This could also translate into a significant increase in oil prices, with negative impacts 
on global growth. The US and European economies also face an increasing risk of cyber terrorism, 
which could disrupt economic activity. 
On 7 October 2023, Hamas launched an attack on Israel, marking a significant escalation in 
regional tensions. The resulting conflict and military actions in the region have increased 
geopolitical uncertainty. The Middle East is a key area for global energy production, and any 
disruptions to supply chains or infrastructure could lead to fluctuations in energy prices.

--- Page 29 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
These developments may contribute to broader geopolitical risks, including potential impacts on 
global economic activity, trade, and market stability. Changes in energy prices or prolonged 
instability in the region could indirectly influence inflationary pressures and economic confidence 
in various markets. 
Besides the geopolitical risks described above, external risks include changes in the framework of 
the EU, or uncertainties or consequences arising from the UK's exit from the EU, including the 
possibility that other member states of the EU (the "EU Member States") may seek to leave the 
EU in the future, or any other significant changes to the structure of the EU and/or European 
economic and monetary union, as well as the increased shift in the focus of some national 
governments toward more protectionist or restrictive economic and trade policies, which in some 
cases has led to the imposition of trade tariffs. 
Sustainable economic growth in the euro area continues to be a challenge in certain countries, 
including Portugal. Slow economic growth or recession in major EU economies, the restructuring 
or default by an EU Member State on its sovereign debt obligations or withdrawal from the euro 
area, could significantly increase volatility and uncertainty in financial and currency markets. 
Prolonged political instability in some European countries, rising populism and anti-integration 
movements in Europe could be reflected in a deterioration of market sentiment towards Portugal. 
Further adverse economic and market conditions resulting from international economic and 
financial conditions and geopolitical risks could pose various challenges and exert downward 
pressure on asset prices and on credit availability, increase funding costs, and impact credit 
recovery rates and the credit quality of the Group's businesses, customers and counterparties, 
including issuers of sovereign debt. Any significant deterioration in the global economy, including 
in the credit profiles of other EU member states or in the solvency of Portuguese or international 
banks, or other economic changes in the Eurozone could: 
• 
negatively affect the capacity of Portugal to satisfy its financing needs; 
• 
have a material adverse effect on the value of portfolios of sovereign debt securities of 
peripheral Eurozone countries; 
• 
have a significant adverse effect on the Group's capacity to raise and/or generate capital 
and comply with minimum regulatory capital requirements; 
• 
significantly restrict the Group's ability to obtain liquidity; and 
• 
negatively affect the Group's capital position, its operational results and its financial 
condition. 
Portugal may be subject to rating downgrades 
Economic growth, the improvement in public accounts and the stabilisation of the banking sector 
led to upgrades in the Portuguese sovereign rating in previous years. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Portuguese sovereign debt is rated A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), A- 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), A3 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
(Sociedad Unipersonal) ("Moody's") and A by DBRS. With these ratings, Portugal's sovereign 
debt is considered investment grade by all main rating agencies. 
However, rating agencies S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS have in the past downgraded the long 
and short-term ratings and outlook of Portugal on several occasions since 2010 due to the 
uncertainties and risks of a prolonged recession, the outlook for modest GDP growth, high levels 
of unemployment, limited fiscal flexibility, the high leverage of the private sector and the level of 
sustainability of Portugal's public debt. Portugal's small and open economy, with its high 
dependence on tourism, is exposed to downside risks from the severity of negative external shocks, 
including the war in Ukraine and in the Middle East area and a recession in Europe. 
The ability to use Portuguese and other (notably Italian and Spanish) public debt as an asset eligible 
for collateral for financing with the ECB will depend on the maintenance of an "investment grade" 
rating by at least one rating agency recognised by the ECB. The non-eligibility for the ECB could

--- Page 30 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
have a material and negative impact on the market value, cost of funding and overall demand for 
Portuguese public debt and debt issued from Portuguese companies. 
A credit rating downgrade may occur in the future due to a number of factors, such as lower than 
expected tax revenue, weaker than expected economic growth, increased public debt as a 
percentage of GDP, slowdown in corporate sector deleveraging, failure to reduce general public 
debt, failure to increase GDP ratios, limited access to international financial markets or the failure 
of structural reforms. Any downgrade in the ratings of Portugal's sovereign debt or other negative 
statements regarding its credit ratings could negatively impact funding conditions for the Issuer, 
and, as a result, materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
B. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business 
The Group is exposed to significant credit risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, meaning, by definition, the risk that the Group's borrowers 
and other counterparties are unable to fulfil their payment obligations and that the collateral 
securing payments of these obligations is insufficient is the most important risk of the Issuer's 
activity in view of its legal nature and the particularities of the Group's business strategy. Adverse 
changes in the credit quality of the Group's borrowers and counterparties, a general deterioration 
in Portuguese or global economic conditions or increased systemic risks in financial systems could 
affect the recovery and value of the Group's assets and require an increase in provisions for bad 
debts and other credit losses. 
In terms of the Group's credit risk exposure as at 30 September 2024 the ratio of non-performing 
loans ("NPL ratio") was 6.1 per cent., compared to 6.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and to 
5.1 per cent. as at December 2022, with a NPL coverage by NPL impairments non-performing 
impairment divided by non-performing loans of 38.7 per cent. (38.0 per cent. as at 31 December 
2023 and 41.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2022) and a NPL coverage by loan loss reserves of 52.6 
per cent. (53.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 61.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). 
The Group is exposed to many different counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its 
exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is also significant. This exposure can 
arise through trading, lending, deposit taking, clearance and settlement and numerous other 
activities and relationships. These counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks and investment banks. Many of these relationships expose the Group to credit 
risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, the Group's credit risk may be 
exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised at, or is liquidated at prices not sufficient 
to recover, the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure it is due to cover. Many of the hedging 
and other risk management strategies used by the Group also involve transactions with financial 
services counterparties. The insolvency of these counterparties may impair the effectiveness of the 
Group's hedging and other risk management strategies, which could in turn have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Macroeconomic conditions have a significant influence on credit risk, as in an economic downturn 
more customers tend to fall into default. In the context of continued weak economic conditions, 
especially considering the high inflation and interest rate environment, mainly as a consequence of 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict and high levels of unemployment, loans to corporates and individuals 
and the value of assets collateralising the Group's loans are expected to remain under pressure. 
Failure by the Group to adequately manage its credit risk could materially and adversely affect the 
Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or 
difficult to predict or detect. In addition, the collateral and security provided to the Group may be 
insufficient to cover the exposure, for example, as a result of sudden market declines that reduce 
the value of the collateral. Accordingly, if a major client or other significant counterparty were to 
default on its obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 31 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Expectations about future credit losses may be incorrect for a variety of reasons. A prolonged 
decline in general economic conditions, particularly of those in Portugal, unanticipated political 
events, a lack of liquidity in the economy or in the maintenance of high levels of interest or inflation 
rates for an extended period of time may result in losses which exceed the amount of the Group's 
provisions or the maximum probable losses envisaged by its risk management models. 
An increase in the Group's provisions for loan losses or any losses in excess of the provisions 
mentioned above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Risks related to the cooperative nature of the Group 
The Issuer forms part of Grupo Crédito Agrícola, a cooperative financial group composed of the 
Issuer, its Associated Caixas (each a local cooperative credit institution operating in a designated 
geographic area set according to applicable law) as well as its Affiliated Companies (certain life 
insurance, non-life insurance and asset management companies and ancillary service companies of 
the Group). 
The Group is governed both by the provisions in the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as amended (the 
"RGICSF") and the provisions in its own legal regime, the Legal Regime for Mutual Agricultural 
Credit and Agricultural Credit Cooperatives, enacted by Decree-Law no. 24/91, of 11 January, as 
amended (the "RJCAM"). Under the terms of the RJCAM, the Issuer and its Associated Caixas 
are referred to as the "Integrated System of Crédito Agrícola Mútuo" ("SICAM"), with the Issuer 
acting as the central body that, among other aspects, is empowered to guide, monitor, oversee and 
supervise its associates. The SICAM was incorporated in 1991 and allows the Associated Caixas 
with freedom of association to the Issuer. In case they do not choose to be associate members of 
the Issuer, caixas de crédito agrícola mútuo may pursue, under the rules of the RJCAM, separate 
businesses outside of the SICAM. The Associated Caixas hold the entirety of the share capital of 
the Issuer and, indirectly, hold the Affiliated Companies that are part of the Group. 
In October 2020, the Bank of Portugal submitted for public consultation a preliminary draft of a 
legislative proposal to replace the current RJCAM by a new regime, converging it, notably, with 
the CRR and Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (as amended, the "BRRD"). However, at present, no such new regime has been published. 
SICAM's mutual solidarity scheme 
The cooperative and mutualist nature of SICAM and the Group is based on a mechanism of 
reciprocal solidarity. As provided for in Article 78 of the RJCAM, the Issuer fully guarantees the 
obligations assumed by the Associated Caixas (even if such obligations derive from facts occurred 
before such entities having become associates of the Issuer), under the terms of a personal 
guarantee ("fiança"), and, notably, without the benefit of prior execution ("benefício da excussão") 
(i.e., the Issuer may not oppose foreclosure of its assets for payment of guaranteed obligations, 
even if the assets of the relevant Associated Caixa have not yet been fully foreclosed). 
In turn, under Article 80 of the RJCAM, the Issuer has the right to demand from its Associated 
Caixas, an increase of the Issuer's share capital up to an amount corresponding to the Issuer's then 
current share capital if it is in a situation of financial imbalance, translated, notably, in the reduction 
of own funds to a level below the legal minimum or in non-compliance with the ratios and 
prudential limits that apply to it. 
Apart from the SICAM's solidarity system, the Group also has separate autonomous assets under 
the Crédito Agrícola Mútuo Assistance Fund ("FACAM"), which is constituted to provide 
financial assistance to the Associated Caixas and to ensure SICAM's solidity and sustainability at 
all times. 
FACAM arises from the transformation into an association governed by private law of the formerly 
named Crédito Agrícola Mútuo Guarantee Fund ("FGCAM"), a legal person under public law, 
endowed with administrative and financial autonomy that, operating with the Bank of Portugal,

--- Page 32 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
provided a deposit guarantee to all of SICAM's depositor customers and, likewise, to the financial 
assistance of the credit institutions included therein. This transformation was determined by 
Decree-Law 106/2019 of 12 August, which entered into force on 1 January 2020, and was 
accomplished on 8 January 2021. 
With the enforcement of the legislation mentioned above and the transformation of FGCAM into 
the current FACAM, the deposit guarantee of SICAM was henceforth provided by the Deposit 
Guarantee Fund ("DGF"), of which the Issuer and its Associated Caixas became stakeholders 
under the same circumstances of the other entities of the banking system. In turn, the assistance 
sphere of the Credit Institutions included in SICAM was henceforth provided by FACAM, which 
is governed by its own Articles of Association and Internal Regulations. 
The Issuer interprets the mutual solidarity scheme in a restrictive manner. Considering that the 
Issuer's guarantee of the Associated Caixas' obligations established under the terms of the RJCAM 
is specifically framed within the rules that regulate the operation of SICAM, which provide for the 
centralisation of the surplus liquidity of the Associated Caixas in the Issuer (Article 72 of the 
RJCAM) and for the obligation of the Issuer to ensure compliance with the solvency and liquidity 
rules of the SICAM and the Associated Caixas (Article 74(3) of RJCAM), the Issuer considers that 
Article 78 of the RJCAM applies only in situations of lack of solvency or insolvency of an 
Associated Caixa, and does not imply the existence of an open ended guarantee over all the activity 
and all and any pecuniary obligations of the Associated Caixas. 
In the Issuer's understanding, this guarantee only covers obligations assumed, freely and 
voluntarily contracted by the Associated Caixas, notably the granting of credit and collection of 
deposits, and does not cover indemnities that an Associated Caixa has to pay, e.g. on the basis of 
extra-contractual civil liability or as a result of a fine. It is therefore a guarantee covering the 
liability of the Associated Caixas towards depositors/customers contracted in the course of their 
banking business, providing SICAM with the means to ensure the effectiveness of the common 
management of its liquidity and solvency, safeguarding its integrity and allowing it to come to the 
aid of its members who find themselves in difficulty, as, in the Issuer's views, this guarantee is 
intended to ensure that the depositors of the Associated Caixas have the protection of their deposits 
in the event that the respective depositaries are unable to repay them, namely as a result of their 
insolvency, in the part that is not guaranteed by the DGF. 
The Issuer also considers that this guarantee cannot be directly invoked by creditors, since in a 
situation of normal operation of the Associated Caixas, they will have to fulfil their own 
obligations, in first instance. In the Issuer's view, the guarantee in question does not give creditors 
of the Associated Caixas an indiscriminate right to demand the performance of the Associated 
Caixas' obligations from the Issuer, but only the right to request the performance of the contractual 
obligations of the Associated Caixas as part of their banking activity in circumstances of lack of 
solvency or insolvency. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer's interpretation of the SICAM's mutual solidarity scheme 
would be held in a court of law. In the event that a court decision does not hold this restrictive 
interpretation, the Issuer may be called to meet, as guarantor, the Associated Caixas' general 
obligations, in a wider context, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the Group's net interest margin and results of 
operations 
Interest rate risk reflects the probability of occurrence of negative impacts on profit or loss or 
capital, due to adverse movements in interest rates, as a result of mismatches of maturities or 
interest rate refixing periods (repricing), alterations of the slope of interest rate curves (curve risk), 
the lack of a perfect correlation between the rates received and paid in the different instruments 
(base risk) of the balance sheet, or the existence of embedded options in financial instruments of 
the balance sheet or off-balance sheet items (optional risk). 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk. As is the case with other banks in Portugal, the Issuer and 
the Group are particularly exposed to differentials between the interest rates payable by it on 
deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to customers, bond portfolio and

--- Page 33 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
other banks exposures. This exposure is increased by the fact that, in the Portuguese market, loans 
typically have floating interest rates, whereas the interest rates applicable to deposits are usually 
fixed for periods that may vary, usually between three months and three years. Interest rates 
applicable to bonds on the Group portfolios are usually fixed for long periods that may go above 
20 years. The Group manages the duration of the bond portfolio using derivatives such as interest 
rate swaps and futures, but significant differentials in the repricing profiles of the bond portfolio 
and of the Group's deposits remain open. Banks, including the Issuer, may experience difficulties 
in adjusting the interest rates that they pay for deposits in line with market interest rate changes. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the Group's control, including tax and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
and economic conditions. Changes in market interest rates can affect the interest rates that the 
Group receives on its interest-earning assets in a different way when compared to the rates that the 
Group pays for its interest-bearing liabilities. This difference may reduce the net interest margin, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. Changes of interest rate 
also constrain profit or loss by affecting not only net interest income, but also other items of 
operating income that are sensitive to interest rates. The latter includes, for example, the value of 
public debt securities subject to revaluation at market value. The underlying value of the assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items, and consequently, equity, are likewise affected in view of the 
necessary review of the present value of the future cash flows generated by these components (and 
in many cases the review of the actual cash flows). 
In addition, various factors could require the Group to lower the rates that it charges on loans or to 
increase the rates that it pays on deposits, including reputational risks, changing demand for fixed 
rate and floating-rate loans, increased inflation, and changes in the EURIBOR interest rate, changes 
on international interbank markets or increased competition. Any of the factors described may 
reduce the rate that the Group may charge on loans and other interest earning assets and, to the 
extent that the Group is unable to achieve corresponding reductions in the rates it pays on deposits 
and other interest-bearing liabilities, including if the Group's monitoring procedures are unable to 
manage adequately interest rate risk, could negatively impact the Group's net interest margin as 
well as the Group's net interest income. Lower rates and reduced margins may also result from 
changes in the composition of the Group's loan portfolio, such as increases in the proportion of 
lower-rate loan products, or a preference from depositors for savings and term accounts which 
usually pay a higher interest rate than on-site deposits which bear low or no interest rate. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 with the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict. In this context, the major central banks, including the ECB, have 
accelerated the removal of monetary policy stimuli and have significantly increased interest rates. 
Despite the fact that rates usually improve interest margin and therefore have a positive impact on 
the Group's financial condition, a rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, 
which in turn could reduce the Group's ability to originate credit for its customers, as well as 
contribute to an increase in the default rate of its customers. 
While interest rates are still expected to decrease in 2025, expectations on the level of interest rates 
in the coming years are still uncertain, which translates into significant volatility in the market. In 
addition to the high volatility in the interest rate markets and in financial markets globally, a 
reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely affect the Group through, among other things, 
a lower interest margin, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit 
taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in 
interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results 
of operations of the Group. 
Financial problems faced by the Issuer's customers could adversely affect the Issuer 
Macroeconomic risks such as an increase in inflation followed by a deceleration of GDP, 
particularly in Portugal and in other European countries (see "Risks relating to the economic and 
financial environment"), could have an adverse effect on the liquidity, the activity and/or the 
financial conditions of the Group's customers, which could in turn further impair the Issuer's loan 
portfolio.

--- Page 34 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The Group's customers' levels of savings and credit demand are dependent on consumer 
confidence, employment trends, the state of the economies in countries where the Group operates, 
and the availability and cost of funding. In addition, customers may further significantly decrease 
their risk tolerance to non-deposit-based investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds. This 
would adversely affect the Group's fee and commission income. Any of the conditions described 
above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects. 
The Group is subject to liquidity risk, including that arising from its dependence on customer 
deposits as a principal source of funding 
Liquidity risk arises from the present or future inability to draw on the cash balances required, at 
any given time, to comply with its financial obligations liabilities as they become due, taking into 
consideration the existing capacity to manage a settlement of assets under reasonable conditions in 
terms of price and period of time. The Issuer, principally by virtue of its business of providing 
long-term loans and receiving short-term deposits, is subject to liquidity risk. 
The ongoing availability of customer deposits to fund the Group business is subject to a variety of 
factors, such as depositors' concerns relating to the Portuguese economy in general, the financial 
services industry or the Group specifically, economic conditions in Portugal impacting the 
availability of funds for deposits, the availability and extent of deposit guarantees and the existence 
of alternative and competitive savings products. Customer deposits, consisting of repayable on 
demand deposits, time deposits and savings accounts are the principal source of funding for the 
Group, and accounted for 89.2 per cent., 87.5 per cent. and 89.2 per cent. of total liabilities as at 
30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively. 
If the Group's depositors withdraw their funds at a rate faster than borrowers repay their loans, or 
if the Group is unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by other means, the Group may be unable 
to maintain its current levels of liquidity. If additional liquidity were needed, the Group might be 
required to obtain additional funding at, inter alia, significantly higher funding costs, liquidate 
certain of its assets or increase its central bank funding through monetary policy operations of the 
ECB. 
The Issuer may experience pressure on its customer deposits. Unusually high levels of withdrawals 
could result in the Issuer or another member of the Group not being in a position to continue 
operations without additional funding support, which may be more costly or ultimately unavailable 
to the Issuer. 
The Group's inability to attract customer deposits may impact the Group's ability to fund its 
operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group's liquidity could also be impaired by other limitations on its ability to raise liquidity 
when required, such as an inability to access wholesale funding, an inability to sell assets or redeem 
its investments, or to do so at an acceptable value, and other unexpected outflows of cash or 
collateral deterioration. These situations may arise due to factors such as a deterioration of risk 
perception of the Group or to circumstances that the Group is unable to control, such as continued 
general market disruption, loss of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation 
regarding the solvency of market participants, credit rating downgrades or operational problems 
that affect third parties. 
A perception among market participants that a financial institution is experiencing constrained 
liquidity risk can adversely impact the institution. Circumstances in which the Group could find its 
liquidity further impaired include the following: 
• 
Increased difficulty in selling the Group's assets, particularly if other participants in 
distressed situations are seeking to sell similar assets or because the market value of assets, 
including financial instruments underlying derivative transactions, has become difficult to 
ascertain, which has occurred in the past and may occur again.

--- Page 35 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
• 
Financial institutions with which the Group interacts may exercise set-off rights or the 
right to require additional collateral. 
• 
Customers with whom the Group has outstanding but undrawn lending commitments may 
draw down an amount on these credit lines that is higher than the Group is anticipating. 
• 
In a stress scenario, the Group's liquidity position may rely on its ability to raise funds on 
open market operations with the ECB. If the ECB were to suspend or materially change 
the terms under which it provides such funding, and if no similar source of financing were 
to exist in the market, this could severely impede the Group's ability to manage a period 
of liquidity stress. 
• 
An increase in interest rates and/or credit spreads, including as a result of concerns relating 
to the Group, such as the need to raise additional capital, as well as any restriction on the 
availability of funding, including, but not limited to, inter-bank funding, could impact the 
Group's ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's liquidity and results of operations. 
Any or all of these events could cause the Group to curtail its business activities and could increase 
its cost of funding, both of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and 
results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the 
procedures in place to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity risk. 
As at 30 September 2024, the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and net stable funding ratio 
("NSFR") stood at 400.6 per cent. and 180.5 per cent., respectively (388.5 per cent. and 166.2 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 500 per cent. and 168 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 
respectively). There is no assurance that the Issuer will always be able to comply with these 
requirements, particularly in relation to the regulatory liquidity ratios LCR and NSFR, or any other 
requirements that may be introduced in the future. 
The Group is exposed to concentration risk, including concentration risk in its credit 
exposure 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, including risks arising from the high 
concentration of individual or economic group exposures in its loan portfolio. The 10 largest loan 
exposures of the Group as at 30 September 2024 represented 4.5 per cent. of the total loan portfolio 
(4.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 4.8 per cent. as at December 2022) and the top 50 largest 
loan exposures as at 30 September 2024 represented 10.9 per cent. of the total loan portfolio (11.2 
per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 10.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). 
As at 30 September 2024, the composition of the portfolio of guarantees received to cover loans 
and advances to customers continued to show a reliance on real estate and financial collateral, 
which represented approximately 73.1 per cent. of the volume of credit. Other collateral 
represented 7.1 per cent. and non-collateralised loans represented 19.8 per cent. 
Portuguese banks have historically faced concentration risks, particularly in loans to major 
economic groups, given the small size of the Portuguese market, and has been noted by the rating 
agencies as a fundamental challenge facing the Portuguese banking system and it is not possible to 
guarantee that the exposure to these groups will not be increased or that exposure will fall in the 
future. If exposure increases in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the value of Portuguese real estate 
Real estate risk consists of loss derived from an unfavourable variation of the price of real estate 
assets stated in the balance sheet, in particular relative to properties acquired as repayment of own 
credit. Real estate risk represents an intrinsic risk of credit risk. The Group is exposed to 
fluctuations in the value of Portuguese real estate, both directly through assets related to its 
operations or obtained in lieu of payment, or indirectly, through real estate that secures loans or by 
financing real estate projects. A decrease in the value of Portuguese real estate market prices will

--- Page 36 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
decrease the value of the real estate assets held by the Issuer, directly or indirectly, as well as of 
the collateral provided with respect to such loans, thus adversely affecting the financial condition 
and results of the operations of the Group. 
Pursuant to the General Framework for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral 
das Instituções de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras), established by Decree-Law No. 298/92 of 
December 1992, as amended ("RGICSF"), banks are prevented, unless authorised by the Bank of 
Portugal, from acquiring real estate that is not essential to their daily operations or their corporate 
purpose. However, a bank may acquire real estate in the context of credit recovery and for 
repayment of its own credit, provided that such real estate is disposed of within two years from 
its acquisition date. This two-year period may be extended by the Bank of Portugal. Despite the 
intention to sell real estate acquired in repayment of its own credit, the Group regularly requests 
the Bank of Portugal's authorisation, under article 114 of RGICSF, to extend the time period the 
Group has to hold foreclosed assets. However, there is no assurance that the Bank of Portugal will 
continue to grant such extensions, and any failure to do so could result in the Group being required 
to dispose of assets at a potentially significant discount in relation to their respective book values. 
Furthermore, any significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate market prices while these assets 
are held by the Group may result in impairment losses on such assets. As a result of any or all of 
these factors, the financial condition and results of operations of the Group could be adversely 
impacted. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group's gross exposure to real estate was of 1.3 per cent. of its gross 
assets (net exposure 0.7 per cent. of its total net assets) and, as at 30 September 2024, such exposure 
was of 1.2 per cent. (net exposure 0.2 per cent. of total net assets). Furthermore, as at 30 September 
2024, 27.4 per cent. of the Group's loans and advances to customers consisted of mortgage loans 
(28.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 29.3 per cent as 31 December 2022). While the Group 
has experienced a relatively low level of defaults in these types of loans (with a NPL ratio of 4.6 
per cent. in the "households of which loans collateralised by residential immovable property" 
segment) as at 30 September 2024 and of 5.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, a decrease in house 
prices could negatively affect the recovery value of the loans and/or increase the Group's 
impairment charges or capital requirements, as they depend, among others, on the loan to value 
ratio. 
The risk of a significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate prices has increased as a result of the 
economic crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including, without limitation, through 
decrease in occupancy rates that were reported at the time in the tourism sector, and more recently 
with the conflicts around the world and the significant increase in interest rates and inflation rates 
which may significantly reduce demand and thus apply pressure on or cause volatility in house 
prices. Tighter financing conditions and lower real income growth (given high inflation) could 
translate into lower demand for housing, from residents and non-residents. A fall in tourism 
activity, given a slowdown or contraction in global and European economic activity, could 
exacerbate this movement in demand. A decrease in the value of Portuguese real estate market 
prices will reduce the value of the real estate assets held by the Issuer, directly or indirectly, as well 
as of the collateral provided with respect to such loans, thus adversely affecting the financial 
condition and results of the operations of the Group. 
Changes in government policies are out of the Group’s control and given its exposure to the 
fluctuations of the real estate market this uncertainty could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
operational results. 
The Group faces potential negative impacts arising from Sustainability Risks 
The Group faces potential negative impacts arising from the current or future effects of 
environmental, social and governance risk factors ("Sustainability Risks") affecting its 
customers and counterparts or its assets and liabilities. This risk can be better understood through 
the following set of components: 
• 
Climate and environmental component (C&E risk): related to the quality of the 
environment and ecosystems and the use of natural resources, including elements relative 
to climate change (climate mitigation and adaptation); use and protection of marine 
resources; transition to a circular economy, waste management and recycling; pollution

--- Page 37 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
prevention and control; and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems, as 
these elements may affect the performance or financial value of the Group’s counterparties, 
customers and assets; 
• 
Social component: relative to decent work (job creation, social protection, employment 
rights, social dialogue); appropriate living standards for the users of the products/services 
(safety and quality of products and services; protection of the personal data of the 
consumer, responsible marketing practices); promotion of sustainable and inclusive 
communities (inclusive growth, impact on ecosystems, security, defence of human rights, 
civic space and promotion of diversity); reversal of the trend of worsening social 
inequalities; 
• 
Governance component: relative to aspects of internal governance, including the 
necessary decisions of the Group’s governing bodies to incorporate the provisions in this 
policy, adapting the governance model, in accordance with the principle of proportionality, 
to the particularities of the structure, to the management and supervisory bodies, executive 
and advisory forums, Departments and Offices, and respective principles, methodologies 
and processes, namely on matters of internal reorganisation, remuneration policies, 
internal control system (including internal audit), tax practices, conduct and transparency. 
Considering C&E risk, Group assets and liabilities are subject to transition, physical and 
environmental risks. Considering geographical distribution of assets and clients, the Group faces 
significant exposure to physical events like floods, fires, droughts, heat waves and landslides. 
The Group is, still, at an early stage of Sustainability Risks management and faces the challenges 
of i) data scarcity (both current and historical), ii) methodologies heavily reliant on expert 
judgement and qualitative factors and iii) prospective assumptions for long term scenarios, 
increasing potential model risk and uncertainty. 
Those challenges could potentially lead to incorrect scenario identification and assessment, 
difficulties in the alignment of the portfolio with transition goals, use of inadequate 
methodologies for risk assessment, ineffective sustainability assessment regarding granting of 
loans and investment decisions, lack or poor integration of sustainability risk factors with the 
other existing risk categories (credit, liquidity, market, operational, sovereign, reputational, etc) 
and ineffective Sustainability Risks monitoring. Failure to comply with supervisory expectations 
in these matters may lead to fines or additional supervisory measures. 
Pursuant to Article 449-A of CRR (as defined below), the Group complied with the first annual 
disclosure on Sustainability Risks. This disclosure was prepared according to the Commission 
Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022. As of December 2023, the 
Group’s Green Asset Ratio was 0.50 per cent. This figure shows a reduced alignment with EU 
Taxonomy which may mean that a significant portion of Group’s assets does not comply with 
sustainable criteria. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets could have a material effect on 
the Group 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (including as amended by the Capital Requirements 
Regulation II (Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the "CRR II")) (the "CRR") requires that deferred tax 
assets ("DTAs") be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital. 
However, the CRR contains an exception for DTAs that are not contingent on future profitability, 
foreseeing that such DTAs are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTAs are 
deemed to not be contingent on future profitability when: 
(i) 
they are automatically and mandatorily replaced with a tax credit, in the event that the 
institution reports a loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in 
the event of its liquidation or insolvency; 
(ii) 
the abovementioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax 
liability of the institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as

--- Page 38 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
the institution for tax purposes under tax law or any other undertaking subject to 
supervision on a consolidated basis; and 
(iii) 
where the amount of tax credits referred to in point b) above exceeds the tax liabilities 
referred to in that same point, any such excess is replaced with a direct claim on the central 
government of the member state in which the institution is incorporated. 
The deduction of DTAs from CET1 capital would thus have an impact on credit institutions 
established in EU member states where national tax law imposes a time mismatch between the 
accounting and tax recognition of certain gains and losses. 
In this regard, the Portuguese Government, through the Law No. 61/2014 of 26 August 2014 (as 
amended from time to time, "Law No. 61/2014"), enacted amendments to national tax law that 
allow for the conversion of DTAs into tax credits, with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for 
non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of resident credit institutions. 
The Issuer has not adhered to the special regime applicable to DTAs approved by Law No. 61/2014 
(neither any of the entities of the Group), which applies to DTAs related to the non-deduction, for 
corporate income tax purposes, of costs and negative equity changes recorded up to 31 December 
2015 for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers and with employee post-
employment or long-term benefits. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group held €80 million of Deferred tax assets in its accounts of which 
€3 million related to tax losses carried forward and €77 million related to temporary differences. 
None of these are protected under the Special Regime of Deferred Tax Assets approved by Law 
No. 61/2014. If DTAs are not recovered, this could have an adverse impact on the profitability and 
equity of the Issuer and the Group. 
DTAs related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, whereas DTAs related to 
temporary differences that depend on future profitability are partially deducted to capital (the 
portion that exceeds the thresholds of 10 per cent. and 15 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed 
at 250 per cent. DTAs related to temporary differences protected by the Special Regime of Deferred 
Tax Assets approved are weighed at 100 per cent. Any future changes to the way in which the 
Portuguese tax regime operates could result in previously protected DTAs no longer being 
protected. 
Law No. 24-D/2022, of December 30 (2023 Portuguese State Budget) introduces changes in tax 
losses carry forward. Tax losses assessed in tax years starting on or after 1 January 2023 can be 
deducted against taxable profit generated in future taxable years for an unlimited time period. The 
new rule also applies to tax losses assessed in tax years prior to 1 January 2023, for which the carry 
forward period has not yet elapsed as of that date. 
The deduction of tax losses is capped at 65 per cent. of the taxable profit. Tax losses exceeding 
this threshold can be deducted, under the same conditions, in the following fiscal years. 
The estimation of DTAs requires the application of a complex set of judgements, considering the 
uncertainties regarding the future. Changes in the assumptions used in the estimation of future 
results or in the interpretation of tax legislation may have a material impact on the recoverability 
of DTAs originated by tax losses. Any change to the base assumptions can have a significant 
impact on the estimated recoverable amount of DTA and as a result the Group's financial condition 
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
Changes to accounting standards may materially adversely affect the Group's statutory 
financial results. 
The Group's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted 
by the EU. Changes to IFRS, as applicable to the Group, have been proposed and/or approved for 
adoption and further changes may be proposed in the future. 
The Group is exposed to the specific risk of the insurance sector

--- Page 39 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The Group is exposed to the specific risk of the life and non-life insurance sector, through its 
subsidiaries CA Vida (3.07 per cent. of the Group's Net Assets and 4.24 per cent. of Group’s Net 
Operating Revenues, as of 30 September 2024) and CA Seguros (1.02 per cent. of the Group's Net 
Assets and 6.33 per cent. of Group’s Net Operating Revenues, as of 30 September 2024). The 
specific insurance risk consists of the risk of loss, which may result in the unfavourable evolution 
of the Group's financial situation, resulting from unexpected growth in claims or adverse changes 
in the value of liabilities related to insurance contracts due to the use of inappropriate assumptions, 
in fixing prices (insurance premiums), provisioning or in interest rates. 
The Group is exposed to actuarial and financial risks related to its pension obligations 
The Group has entered into a Collective Labour Agreement (the "ACT") for the Issuer, entitling 
its employees and families to pensions due to retirement, disability, early retirement, preretirement, 
and survival. However, as the Issuer's employees are concurrently enrolled in social security, the 
Group's liabilities related to employee pensions chiefly consist of payments of supplementary 
pensions in accordance with the ACT. The plan also foresees the payment of contributions for 
medical and social support after retirement. 
Hence, the benefits of the plan entails certain risks, notably, the risk of dependency on the benefits 
provided by the public Social Security schemes, the risk of mortality during the period of formation 
of the benefit and risk of longevity during the retirement period, the risk of disability of the 
participants as well as risks relative to early retirement. 
An actuarial evaluation is calculated annually (with a reference date of 31 December) for the 
calculation of liabilities to be financed by the Group pursuant to the terms of the ACT. The Group's 
expected return on the assets in its pension fund is based on certain assumptions. Similarly, 
demographic factors, such as an increase in life expectancy among active employees and 
pensioners, can result in changes in mortality tables used by insurance companies and thus 
negatively affect the Group's defined-benefit obligations, generating actuarial losses that require 
recognition and contribution to the Group's ACT in order to guarantee that its liabilities are fully 
funded, as required by regulation. 
In addition to such losses requiring contribution to the Group's ACT, these actuarial losses may 
have the effect of reducing the Issuer's CET1, undermining the Issuer's capital ratios and negatively 
impacting the Issuer's shareholders' equity. Until 1 January 2018, the Issuer was required to deduct 
from its CET1 the portion of actuarial losses exceeding 10 per cent. of its pension liabilities or the 
value of its pension assets, adjusted by a phase-in factor (20 per cent. per year). After 1 January 
2018, actuarial losses are deducted from CET1 in full.  
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk, which may lead to claims of non compliance with 
regulations and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. 
As the Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry, it may be subject to claims of non-compliance 
with regulations and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. The Issuer's 
regulators frequently conduct inspections and request information in respect of the Issuer or its 
clients' activities and transactions. Any inspections or other proceedings that are unfavourable to 
the Issuer may result in sanctions, limitations on its business opportunities, or a reduction of its 
growth potential, and may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to comply with certain 
contractual obligations or retain certain commercial relationships. 
Among other's the Issuer is subject: 
• 
to provisioning requirements, minimum cash level, credit qualification, record keeping, 
privacy, liquidity, permitted investments, contingency, and other prudential and 
behavioural requirements which have associated costs; any increase or change in the 
criteria of these requirements could have an impact on the Issuer's operations and results; 
• 
to rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and 
terrorism financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter 
terrorist financing rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these 
rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational

--- Page 40 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
consequences and consequences in the Issuer's relationship with its clients, partners, 
service providers and other third parties. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti 
money laundering, anti-bribery and counter terrorism financing policies and procedures 
are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the Issuer cannot guarantee 
that it has in the past or will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that its 
regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing as extended to 
the whole Group are applied by its employees under all circumstances; 
• 
to competition regulations. In particular, the Issuer is subject to laws prohibiting the abuse 
of a dominant market position and prohibiting agreements and/or concerted practices 
between business entities that aim to prevent, restrict or distort competition, or have the 
effect of preventing, restricting or distorting competition. In cases where the Issuer is 
found to have infringed the relevant rules of Portuguese and/or European Union 
competition law, the Issuer is subject to the risk of fines of up to 10 per cent. of its 
consolidated annual turnover in addition to a public announcement of any sanctions issued; 
and 
• 
in addition to penalties imposed by the European Commission and/or the competent 
competition authorities, the Issuer may be ordered by these entities or by national courts, 
as applicable, to discontinue certain practices, comply with behavioural or structural 
remedies, or pay damages to third parties that demonstrate that they have been harmed by 
the Issuer's infringement of the competition rules, whether based on an earlier 
infringement decision by the relevant authority or independent of any such decision. The 
Issuer may also be subject to similar consequences in other jurisdictions where it is active, 
as imposed by competition authorities or national courts of such jurisdictions. This can 
lead to material adverse effects on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to market risks 
Market risk also reflects any losses derived from an adverse change in the market value of a 
financial instrument because of variations in interest rates, exchange rates, share prices, commodity 
prices, credit spreads or other equivalent variables. The Group engages in various activities for its 
own account, including entering into interest rate, credit, equity and exchange rate derivative 
transactions, as well as taking positions in fixed income and equity in the domestic and 
international markets and trading in the primary and secondary securities markets, including for 
government securities. The Group also offers these types of products and services to its customers. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group's securities portfolio amounted to €10,944 million (€10,261 
million, as of 31 December 2023), of which 75.0 per cent. were public debt instruments and 25.0 
per cent. were classified as other debt securities (80.4 per cent. and 19.6 per cent., respectively, as 
of 31 December 2023). 
Additionally, as of 30 September 2024, 100 per cent. of such assets were classified as Level 1 
(those that are valued based on quotes on a recognized market as of such date). 
As at 30 September 2024, the Group had a value at risk ("VaR") of €1.9 million in its trading 
positions in respect of equities, interest rate instruments and foreign exchange positions, compared 
to €3.6 million as of 31 December 2023. The Group’s VaR is calculated using the "Monte Carlo" 
simulation method, with a 99 per cent. confidence level and a holding period of twenty-two days. 
Additionally, the Issuer has, in its portfolio, investments in equity instruments in an amount of 
€88.5 million, of which €10.7 million are restructuring funds (corresponding to a 1.41% 
participation on the Discovery Portugal Real Estate Fund (not fully consolidated) as at 30 
September 2024. These equity instruments are Level 3 assets according to the fair value hierarchy 
of IFRS13 (quotations provided by third parties whose inputs used are unobservable in the market, 
as mentioned above). 
The Issuer’s securities portfolio is highly concentrated on sovereign exposure and its trading 
activities are mainly concentrated on the provision of these services and product offerings to its 
customers and risk management of the balance sheet. Nevertheless, these activities involve a

--- Page 41 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
certain degree of risk. Protracted adverse market movements, particularly price declines, can 
reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These developments can lead 
to losses if the Group cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of public debt securities within the investment portfolio 
The Group is exposed to public debt securities of euro area countries. As at 30 September 2024, 
the Group's exposure to sovereign debt represented 75.0 per cent. of the Group's consolidated bond 
portfolio (80.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2023).  
In extreme situations of economic, political and social crises, governments may be reluctant or 
may not have access to funding in order to refinance or repay capital or pay interest on their debt 
securities. In a default scenario, security holders' recourse to legal mechanisms may be limited. In 
addition, there could be an increase in default risk in a scenario in which an EU member state enters 
into default thereby exacerbating the negative sentiment toward other euro area members through 
a contagion effect. 
Following a prolonged period when public debt yields have remained low and market conditions 
favourable, mainly due to the favourable monetary policies, the extreme volatility felt in 2022 and 
the rise in inflation and interest rates, has led to a considerable increase in public debt yields. With 
uncertainty remaining high, the conditions for public debt can significantly deteriorate, including, 
but not limited, to the possibility of faster interest rate rise scenarios. 
Depreciations in the public debt portfolio can have the effect of reducing the Issuer's CET1 used 
to determine its capital ratios and could adversely affect its results of operations. Any decrease of 
the Issuer's solvency ratios could hinder its ability to operate its business in accordance with its 
strategy. 
The Group faces significant competition 
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment and will continue to experience intense 
competition from local and global financial institutions, as well as new entrants. The Group's 
competitors are mainly commercial banks. In addition, the Group and other traditional financial 
institutions are facing new sources of competition from new market entrants, including alternative 
providers of payment services and of financial services in the so-called fin-tech space, as well as 
from non-financial operators (e.g. large retailers), who are increasingly promoting their own credit 
cards and credit lines. These alternative providers may have lower cost bases than those of the 
Group. The introduction of disruptive technology may impede the Group's ability to grow or retain 
its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. Furthermore, competitors might be better 
positioned to compete in the fin-tech space and less constrained than the Issuer. 
The Group's competitors may also have access to cheaper sources of funding or with better terms, 
including deposits. Accordingly, these banks may be able to maintain or increase their market share 
by offering credit products with lower interest rates, enabling them to expand lending more easily. 
The Group may not be able to compete effectively in these markets in the future. If the Group is 
unable to offer attractive products and services, it may lose market share or incur losses on some 
or all of its activities, which could adversely affect its financial condition and its results of 
operations. 
A reduction in the Issuer's credit ratings would increase its cost of funding and adversely 
affect the Group's financial condition and results of operations 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding, 
including the availability of certain funding instruments. Rating agencies regularly evaluate the 
Issuer, and its long-term credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including its financial 
strength, the credit rating of Portugal and the conditions affecting the financial services industry 
generally and the Portuguese banking system in particular. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer has been assigned a rating of Baa2 BCA (Baseline Credit Assessment) and deposits 
ratings of Baa1 /P2), Counterparty Risk Rating (CRR) of A3 / Prime-2 and Long-Term Senior 
Unsecured Debt of Baa3 by Moody's. The last rating action occurred in November 2024. There 
can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks.

--- Page 42 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Downgrades of the Issuer's ratings, or the perceived likelihood of such a downgrade, could increase 
its cost and/or availability of funding or, in a scenario that combines a sharp ratings drop with a 
further deterioration of the credit environment, could result in increasing difficulties or the total 
inability of the Group to access funding in the financial markets. Additionally, this could have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer's contractual obligations that depend on rating triggers or the risk 
perception of the public in general, leading to deposit outflows. 
Any such downgrade to the Issuer's credit ratings could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
liquidity position, cost of funding and net interest margin, which could adversely affect the Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's business is subject to operational risks 
The Group is subject to certain operational risks, including interruption of service, errors, 
negligence or fraud by third parties (including large-scale organised fraud, as a result of the Group's 
financial operations), fraud by the Group's own employees or management, breach or delays in the 
provision of services, breach of confidentiality obligations with regards to customer information 
and compliance with risk management requirements. 
The Group may be unable to successfully monitor or prevent all or part of these risks in the future. 
Any failure to successfully execute the Group's operational risk management and control policies 
could result in reputational damage and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer's risk management and internal control policies and procedures may not be 
effective in completely managing and avoiding all of its risks 
As the Issuer's business continues to develop, the Issuer's risk management and internal control 
policies may not be able to effectively reduce and mitigate all types of risks, including unexpected 
risks and those of which the Issuer is unaware of. In addition, the Issuer's risk management methods 
are based on a combination of human and technical controls and supervision, which are subject to 
errors and defects and the Issuer's risk management capabilities are limited by the information, 
tools and technologies available to the Issuer. These methods might not adequately predict future 
losses, in particular when related to relevant market fluctuations, which could be considerably 
higher than those observed in other periods. These methods might also be ineffective in protecting 
against losses caused by technical errors, if the implemented testing and control systems are not 
effective in the prevention of software and hardware technical defects. If the Issuer is unable to 
effectively implement the enhanced risk management and internal control policies and procedures, 
or if the intended results of such policies and procedures are not achieved in a timely manner, its 
asset quality, business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, 
which in turn may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to service the Notes and to satisfy its other 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer's activity is subject to reputational risks 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risks understood as the probability of negative impacts for 
the Issuer resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, 
among customers, suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with 
which the Issuer may be related, or even public opinion in general. The Issuer's reputation may 
also be adversely affected by the conduct of third parties over whom it has no control, including 
entities to which it has advanced financing. For example, if one of the Issuer's borrowers becomes 
associated with financial scandals or widely publicised improper behaviour, the Issuer's own 
reputation may be affected. 
The Group is also exposed to adverse publicity relating to the financial services industry as a whole. 
Financial scandals unrelated to the Group or questionable ethical conduct by a competitor may 
taint the reputation of the industry and affect the perception of investors, public opinion and the 
attitude of regulators. In addition, there is a risk of employees, brokers or suppliers conducting 
activities that violate the Group's values, breach its code of conduct, fail to properly address 
potential conflicts of interest, could be perceived as unethical, treat customers unfairly involve 
corruption or breach legal and regulatory requirements (including money laundering and

--- Page 43 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
antiterrorism financing requirements). There is also a risk that employees or brokers will commit 
such violations in their interactions with colleagues, customers and other actors. Such 
shortcomings in ethical standards and/or regulatory compliance could result in financial losses, 
sanctions from supervisory authorities and tarnished reputation. The realisation of such risks could 
adversely affect the Group's results and financial position. 
Any damage to the Group's reputation could cause existing customers to withdraw their business 
and lead potential customers to be reluctant to do business with the Group which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's highly liquid assets may not cover liabilities to its customer base. 
The Group 's main source of funding is its customer deposits (87.5 per cent. of the Group's funding 
as at 31 December 2023). However, the persistence of interest rates at historically low levels over 
the past few years has resulted in the Group investing deposits into instruments with higher 
potential yield. The Group's other possible funding sources include money market instruments, 
medium and long-term bonds, covered bonds, commercial paper, medium term structured products 
and the securitisation of its loan portfolio. 
As at 30 September 2024, the LCR and NSFR stood at 400.6 per cent. and 180.5 per cent., 
respectively (388.5 per cent. and 166.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 500 per cent. and 
168 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, respectively). 
In case the Group is unable to maintain its buffer of liquid assets, its ability to repay its liabilities 
will be limited, which may represent a substantial adverse effect in its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to IT and cybercrime risks 
The Group's businesses and its ability to remain competitive depend on the ability to process a 
large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, and on the Group's ability to rely on its 
digital technologies, computer and email services, software and networks, as well as on the secure 
processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in the Group's computer 
systems and networks. Losses can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal 
control processes and systems, or from external events that interrupt normal business operations. 
The Group cannot guarantee that its systems, software and networks are invulnerable to 
unauthorised access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events that could 
have an impact on security levels. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential 
or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty 
or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. There can be 
no assurances that the Group will not suffer material losses from operational risk in the future, 
including that relating to cyber-attacks or other such security breaches. Furthermore, as 
cyberattacks continue to evolve, the Group may incur significant costs in its attempt to modify or 
enhance its protective measures or to investigate or remediate any vulnerabilities. There is a risk 
that cyber-security risk is not adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a cyber-attack 
can take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and 
administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities in claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings. 
Any future occurrence of natural disasters, outbreaks of contagious diseases, terrorist 
attacks or national security threats in Portugal may have a material adverse effect on banks', 
and thus the Issuer's, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any occurrence of natural disasters or outbreaks of health epidemics and contagious diseases, 
including avian influenza, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ("SARS"), Ebola virus disease 
("Ebola"), Middle East Respiratory Syndrome corona virus ("MERS"), H5N1 influenza, H1N1 
influenza, H7N9 influenza or COVID-19, may adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. An outbreak of a health epidemic or contagious disease could 
result in a widespread health crisis and restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which 
may in turn adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 44 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Moreover, Portugal has experienced natural disasters such as forest fires, earthquakes and floods 
in the past few years. Any future occurrence of severe natural disasters in Portugal may adversely 
affect its economy and in turn the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, threats of terrorist attacks, national security threats, military initiatives, such as the 
invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East, and political unrest in, inter alia, various 
countries and regions including Ukraine, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and others, have had and may 
continue to have a material adverse effect on general economic, market and political conditions, 
increasing many of the risks relating to the business of non-life insurance companies. The Issuer 
cannot predict the effects of terrorist attacks, threats to national security, military initiatives and 
political unrest on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
There is no guarantee that any future occurrence of natural disasters, terrorist attacks or outbreak 
of avian influenza, Ebola, SARS, MERS, H5N1 influenza, H1N1 influenza, H7N9 influenza, 
COVID-19 or other epidemics, or the measures taken by the Portuguese government or other 
countries in response to a future outbreak of these epidemics, will not seriously interrupt the 
Issuer's and the Group's operations or those of the Issuer's customers, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's and the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks relating to legal proceedings 
As regulated entities, the Issuer and the Group are, from time to time, the subject of supervisory 
and administrative inquiries, inspections and investigations by regulators in the jurisdictions in 
which they operate. So far as the Issuer is aware, and except as disclosed below, none of the Issuer 
or other Group entities is, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any such inquiries, 
inspections or investigations that may have a significant effect on the Group's financial position or 
profitability. See also the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer – Legal and regulatory 
risks – Risks relating to regulatory requirements" below. Furthermore, as a large financial 
institution, the Group is the subject of actual and threatened litigation and other proceedings in the 
ordinary course of its banking and financial intermediary business. Should any or all of such 
proceedings be successful, the resulting costs and/or damages could materially and adversely affect 
the Group's financial position, results of operations and reputation. Ultimately, if a court were to 
declare the relevant financial pledge agreement invalid, it could have a material adverse financial 
effect on the Issuer and the Group or cause significant reputational harm, which, in turn, could 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group. It is not possible to determine 
when the relevant courts will issue final awards regarding any of the proceedings mentioned in this 
risk factor or any future legal proceedings, or to determine or make a full assessment of the impact 
or likely outcomes of any such legal proceedings or of future legal proceedings or the consequences 
arising therefrom for the Issuer or the Notes. 
Holders of Notes should be aware that the legal proceedings and consequences arising therefrom 
may adversely affect the incorporation, financial condition and/or the capacity of the Issuer to carry 
out its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to regulatory requirements 
Banking and insurance activities in Portugal and in the EU are subject to extensive and detailed 
regulation and supervision by supervisory authorities, which have broad administrative power over 
many aspects of the financial and banking services business, which include liquidity, capital 
adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, securities 
(including debt instruments) issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, 
record-keeping, marketing and selling practices, among others, as well as those relating to 
insurance services, which include insurance, reinsurance, pension funds and their management 
companies and insurance mediation. For further information on banking regulations applicable to 
the Group, please see "Description of the Issuer and of the Group – Legislation regulating the 
activity of the Group" and "Description of the Issuer and of the Group – Developments in Banking 
Regulation". The resources dedicated to ensure compliance with these various regulations can

--- Page 45 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
significantly increase the costs of the Group's structure and limit its possibilities for increasing its 
income. 
The Issuer is subject to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") review on an 
annual basis. Where the SREP review identifies risks or elements of risk that are not adequately 
covered by pillar 1 capital requirements or the combined buffer requirement the ECB can determine 
the appropriate level of the institution's own funds under Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended 
(including as amended by the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the 
"CRD V")) (the "CRD IV Directive") and the CRR (the CRR and the CRD IV Directive together 
the "CRD IV") and assess whether additional own funds shall be required. 
Based on the 2024 SREP, in force from 1 July 2024, the Group is required to have a minimum 
CET1 ratio of 9.16 per cent. (4.50 per cent. Pillar 1, 1.41 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement, 2.75 per 
cent. Combined Buffer Requirement ("CBR") and 0.50 per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance), a Tier 1 ratio 
of 11.13 per cent. (6.00 per cent. Pillar 1, 1.88 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement, 2.75 per cent. CBR 
and 0.50 per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance) and a total capital ratio of 13.75 per cent. (8.00 per cent. Pillar 
1, 2.50 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement, 2.75 per cent. CBR and 0.50 per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance). As 
of December 2023, and excluding results from the period, the Group reported a 19.4 per cent. ratio 
for CET1, Tier 1 and total capital. As of December 2023, including results from the period, the 
Group reported a 22.3 per cent. ratio for CET1, Tier 1 and total capital. There can be no assurance 
that the SREP review to be conducted in the following years will not increase the minimum own 
funds requirement. 
If the Group does not satisfy these or other minimum capital ratio requirements in the future, it 
may be required to raise additional capital or be subject to measures or sanctions by the Bank of 
Portugal, the ECB or the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"). If the Issuer is required to raise 
further capital in the future after failing to satisfy the minimum capital ratio requirements, but is 
unable to do so or to do so on acceptable terms, the Issuer may be required to further reduce the 
amount of the Issuer's risk-weighted assets and engage in the disposition of core and other noncore 
businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or achieve prices which would otherwise be 
attractive to the Issuer. Any failure to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios could result in 
administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's operating results, financial condition and prospects. The regulatory laws governing 
banking activity may change at any time in ways which may have an adverse effect on the business 
of the Group. It is not possible to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. 
Changes in existing regulatory laws may materially affect the way in which the Group conducts its 
business, the products and services it can offer and the value of its assets. 
Additionally, national and international regulators, including the IMF, the ECB and the EBA have 
been conducting stress tests on the banking sector. The disclosure of the results of these stress tests 
may also result in a reduction in confidence in a particular bank or the banking system as a whole. 
The Issuer cannot exclude the need for additional provisions for impairments. Consequently, new 
stress tests could adversely affect the cost of funding for the Issuer and have a materially adverse 
impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
On 14 May 2019, the European Council announced that it had adopted the Reforms, with most of 
the new rules applying in mid-2021, such as CRR II which applied from 28 June 2021. The 
implementation of BRRD II and CRD V into Portuguese law took place at the end of 2022 through 
Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9n December. The Reforms include the following key measures: 
• 
a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions as well as a leverage ratio buffer for all 
global systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs"); 
• 
a net stable funding requirement; 
• 
a new market risk framework for reporting purposes, including measures reducing 
reporting and disclosure requirements and simplifying market risk and liquidity rules for 
small non-complex banks in order to ensure a proportionate framework for all banks 
within the EU;

--- Page 46 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
• 
a requirement for third-country institutions with significant activities in the EU to have an 
EU intermediate parent undertaking; 
• 
a new total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirement for G-SIIs; 
• 
enhanced minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
subordination rules for G-SIIs and other large banks; and 
• 
a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. 
In addition, on 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee and the Group of Central Bank Governors 
and Heads of Supervision presented reforms to the Basel III regulatory framework also known as 
"Basel IV". The final Basel III reforms include several policy and supervisory measures that aim 
to enhance the reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and to reduce the 
potential for undue variation in capital requirements for banks across the globe. The measures 
comprise revisions to the standardised approach for credit risk, internal ratings-based approaches 
for credit risk, the credit valuation adjustment ("CVA") risk framework, the operational risk 
framework, the leverage ratio framework and a revised output floor. The proposals contained in 
the Basel III reforms were intended to apply from 2023 with a transitional period for the output 
floor until 2027, although these timelines remain unclear until such rules are implemented into 
European and Portuguese legislation and therefore become applicable to and effective upon the 
Issuer. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission (EC) publishes the banking package comprising 
the Capital Requirements Regulation ("CRR III"), the Capital Requirements Directive ("CRD 
VI") and a separate legislative proposal to amend the CRR in the area of resolution. 
The European Council (Council) reached its position on said Package on 8 November 2022, and 
the European Parliament's (EP) Economics and Monetary Affairs Committee adopted the proposed 
CRD VI and CRR III on 24 January 2023. Discussion with the Council and the Commission have 
started in March 2023. 
New regulations may increase capital, liquidity and other requirements and can result in additional 
requirements of capital and/or other type of financial instruments, preparatory work, disclosure 
needs, restrictions on certain types of transactions, limitations or changes to the Issuer's strategy. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and other future bank crisis 
management and deposit insurance regulation or framework 
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a directive establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD). The aim of 
the BRRD is to equip national authorities with harmonised tools and powers to tackle crises at 
banks and certain investment firms at the earliest possible moment and to minimise costs for 
taxpayers. For further details see the section "Description of the Issuer and of the Group –
Developments in Banking Regulation". 
Under an early intervention, the authorities are notably entitled to replace managers or directors 
and require that the institution draws up and submits for consultation a plan for debt restructuring 
with its creditors according to a recovery plan. 
The BRRD's resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are met, namely, if an institution is 
failing or likely to fail, that no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, would 
prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and that the taking of a 
resolution action is necessary to the public interest. The resolution tools include the power to sell 
or transfer assets (or ownership thereof) to another institution or to an asset management vehicle 
and the general bail-in tool, as mentioned above, which provides for the write-down or conversion 
of any liabilities of the institution that meet relevant conditions.

--- Page 47 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, the relevant resolution authority may 
exercise, among others, the following powers, under certain conditions: (i) suspension of payment 
or delivery obligations of the institution under existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement 
rights benefiting holders of any security over assets of the institution; (iii) suspension of the rights 
to accelerate, terminate, or otherwise decide the termination under existing agreements; (iv) closing 
of agencies of the institution; (v) exercise of rights and powers attached to shares and other 
instruments representing share capital of the affected institution and of rights and powers of its 
management body and manage or dispose of the affected institution's assets; (vi) amendment of 
terms applicable to debt instruments and other eligible claims held vis-à-vis the institution, such as 
clauses on maturity dates and payable interest; (vii) liquidation and termination of financial 
agreements and derivative agreements; (viii) suspension of the negotiation of a financial instrument 
(Article 145-AB of RGICSF). 
The implementation of any resolution measure is not subject to the prior consent of the credit 
institution's shareholders nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet 
items and assets under management to be sold or transferred. The relevant authorities are also not 
required to provide any advance notice to Holders of Notes of their decision to exercise any 
resolution power. Therefore, Holders of Notes may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of 
any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the Notes. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 
(regarding the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended the 
BRRD, was implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, creating a new 
asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt that ranks in insolvency above own-funds instruments 
and subordinated liabilities that do not qualify as own funds, but below other senior liabilities. 
Further, it confers a preferential claim to generally all deposits vis-à-vis senior debt. 
Holders of the Notes will have an unsecured claim over the Issuer, thus being subject to bail-in. In 
addition, the determination of which securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to write-down, 
conversion or bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Issuer's control. There may be many factors, including factors not 
directly related to the Issuer, which could result in such a determination. Because of this inherent 
uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur 
which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other securities, including equity. 
Moreover, as the criteria that the relevant resolution authority will be obliged to consider in 
exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued 
by the Issuer may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential 
exercise of any such power and consequently its potential effect on the Issuer and the securities 
issued by the Issuer. Potential investors in the securities issued by the Issuer should consider the 
risk that its holders may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
Other powers contained in Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 1093/2010 (as amended, notably by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the 
"SRM Regulation") (which is directly applicable in the Portuguese legal order) and in the RGICSF 
and required by the BRRD may affect the value of an investment in the Notes. The exercise of 
these powers may impact how the Issuer is managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights 
of creditors. There can be no assurance that actions taken under the SRM Regulation and the 
RGICSF will not adversely affect the holders of the Notes. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust and further strengthen 
the EU's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework, with a 
focus on medium-sized and smaller banks. The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM 
Regulation frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the EU Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme Directive, all of which aim at further preserving financial stability, protecting 
taxpayers and depositors, and supporting the real economy and its competitiveness. The proposals 
include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a general depositor preference within the EU and 
changes to further enable the use of Deposit Guarantee Schemes ("DGS") funds and where needed

--- Page 48 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
resolution funds in measures other than the payout of covered deposits in case of insolvency or 
resolution of a failing bank. The changes to the creditor hierarchy could potentially negatively 
impact the relative ranking of the Notes and the credit ratings assigned thereto. Moreover, an 
expanded use of DGS and resolution funds could potentially result in an increase of contribution 
requirements for banks. However, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regard to the proposed 
adjustments to the CMDI framework and when they will be finally implemented in the EU. 
Therefore, the exact impact of these adjustments and the potential effects on the Issuer cannot yet 
be assessed. 
The Group may become subject to regimes governing the recovery, resolution or 
restructuring of insurance companies 
The Group may become subject to regimes governing the recovery, resolution or restructuring of 
insurance companies and, as the scope and implications of these regimes are still evolving, it is 
unclear how in future this might affect the Group. 
As part of the global regulatory response to the risk that systemically important financial 
institutions could fail, banks, and more recently insurance companies, have been the focus of new 
recovery and resolution planning requirements developed by regulators and policy makers 
nationally and internationally. Recovery and resolution reforms for banks in the EEA now provide 
regulators with the power, as part of wider resolution tools, to write down indebtedness or to 
convert that indebtedness to capital (known as "bail-in"), as well as other resolution powers. 
Similar regimes may be introduced in the EEA for insurance groups. 
On 22 September 2021, the European Commission published its proposed directive on the recovery 
and resolution of insurance undertakings (proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and 
of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings and amending Directives 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2009/138/EC, (EU) 
2017/1132 and Regulations (EU) No 1094/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012) ("IRRD"). If adopted in 
its current form, the proposed IRRD would provide for (i) a variety of preventive measures to 
reduce the likelihood of insurance undertakings requiring public financial support and (ii) the 
commencement of resolution procedures when insurance or reinsurance undertakings are failing 
or likely to fail, where there is no prospect that private sector alternatives or supervisory measures 
would prevent such failure. The proposed IRRD provides, in case of resolution, for the application 
of a number of resolution tools, such as write-down and conversion, which would allow resolution 
authorities to write down or convert capital instruments, debt instruments and other eligible 
liabilities of insurance undertakings, generally in inverse order of their ranking in liquidation, so 
that the tool would apply first to equity instruments, then tier 1 instruments, then tier 2 instruments 
and then to other instruments with a higher ranking in liquidation. If the resolution tools, including 
the bail-in tool, within the proposed IRRD are adopted in their current form, Noteholders could be 
affected and lose all or part of their investment in the Notes if the entities within the Group that are 
in scope of such tools were to experience financial difficulty and be failing or likely to fail. In 
addition, if the financial condition of such entities deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the 
existence of these powers could cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes to decline 
more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities could have a material effect on 
the Issuer 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the BRRD ("BRRD II") was implemented in the EU together with the formal adoption of 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, which entered into force 
on 27 June 2019. Under BRRD II, banks, such as the Issuer, shall be subject to an entity specific 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL") regime, under which 
they will be required to issue a sufficient number of eligible instruments to absorb expected losses 
in resolution and to recapitalise the institution or the surviving part thereof. Together with CRD V, 
the implementation of BRRD II into Portuguese law has been completed through Law No. 23-
A/2022, of 9 December, which amended the RGICSF and Law No. 63-A/2008, of 24 November, 
which establishes measures to reinforce the financial soundness of credit institutions to reinforce 
financial stability and the availability of liquidity in the financial markets.

--- Page 49 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Sep.2024 
Δ 23/Sep.2024 
MREL COMPLIANCE - GRUPO CRÉDITO 
AGRÍCOLA 
Million euros 
Abs. Δ 
% Δ 
Total Own Funds1 ...........................................................................  
1 950 
2 359 
2 605 
246 
10.4% 
Preferred Senior Debt ..........................................  
300 
550 
550 
0 
0.0% 
Instruments eligible for MREL ........................  
2 250 
2 909 
3 155 
246 
8.5% 
MREL TREA ratio % ..........................................  
22,97% 
27,52% 
29,36% 
1,85 p.p. 
MREL TREA + CBR requirement % ..................  
19,09% 
22,01%2,3 
25,79%4 
3,78 p.p. 
Difference to the requirement ..............................  
-3,88 p.p. 
5,51 p.p. 
3,57 p.p. 
 
MREL LRE ratio % .............................................  
8,78% 
11,95% 
12,23% 
0,28 p.p. 
MREL requirement LRE % .................................  
5,91% 
5,92%2,3 
5,90%4 
-0,02 p.p. 
Difference to the requirement ..............................  
2,87 p.p. 
6,03 p.p. 
6,33 p.p. 
 
 _______________  
1 
Total Own Funds includes net income of the period. 
2 
In April 2022, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2021 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements 
MREL TREA and LRE in force since 1 January 2023 and 1 January 2024. MREL TREA + CBR indicative requirement 
of 21.76 per cent since 1 January 2023 and binding requirement of 24.68 per cent since 1 January 2024. In September 
2022, the Resolution Authority disclosed, the MREL TREA + CBR indicative requirement to 22.01 per cent to reflect 
an O-SII buffer of own funds reserve of 0.25 per cent (in force since 1 June 2023). 
3 
In August 2023, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2022 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements 
MREL TREA and LRE in force since 1 January 2024. MREL TREA + CBR binding requirement of 25.28 per cent in 
force since 1 January 2024. 
4 
In August 2024, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2023 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements 
MREL TREA and LRE in force since 30 September 2024. 
As of September 2024, the Group shall be required to hold a value of own funds and eligible 
liabilities equivalent to 25.79 per cent. of the amount of risk-weighted assets ("TREA") and 5.90 
per cent. of the total exposure measurement ("LRE"). The Group held MREL TREA equivalent to 
29.36 per cent. and 12.23 per cent. of LRE. However, these MREL requirements, the resolution 
strategy and the current lack of a subordinated MREL requirement may change over time. 
If, until the applicable deadlines, the Issuer is unable to issue or can only issue on unfavourable 
conditions own funds and additional liabilities which will be eligible to count toward the MREL 
requirement or to reduce its risk-weighted assets, this may result in regulatory sanctions and may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
its prospects and activities in terms which cannot be predicted at this stage, including changes to 
the Issuer's strategy. 
The Issuer will be affected by the strategic decisions made by it or its direct and indirect 
shareholders and, in making such decisions, the interests of the Issuer, its shareholders and 
the Holders may not be aligned 
The Issuer and its direct and indirect shareholders will make strategic decisions which may 
(directly or indirectly) affect the business and operations of the Issuer and of the Group. Neither 
the Issuer nor its shareholders will have any obligation to consider the interests of the Holders in 
connection with any such strategic decisions, including in respect of the capital management of the 
Issuer or the Group. Holders will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other entity relating 
to decisions that affect the business and operations of the Issuer or the Group, including in relation 
to the capital position of the Issuer or the Group. 
The Group is required to make contributions to the Resolution Fund 
The Group is required to make contributions to finance the Resolution Fund, which was created in 
2012 for the purpose of providing financial support in case of the application of any resolution 
tools by the Bank of Portugal. 
Since 2016, the Resolution Fund has been funded through: (i) contributions paid by the entities 
that fall outside the scope of the SRM; (ii) additional contributions required to fulfil its obligations 
regarding the financing of the resolution measures applied by the Bank of Portugal before 
December 2014 and paid by all participating institutions, including credit institutions established 
in Portugal, which can either take the form of periodic contributions or special contributions 
(Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended); and (iii) other sources, 
including proceeds of the bank levy, also due by credit institutions established in Portugal, pursuant 
to Law No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December 2010, as amended (contribuição sobre o setor bancário). 
The periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a

--- Page 50 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and 
deposits already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal's 
Instruction (Instrução) 22/2021 for 2022, the rate has been set at 0.057 per cent. 
The Group's contribution will vary from time to time depending on the liabilities and own funds 
of the Issuer and applicable members of the Group. Contributions to the Single Resolution Fund 
(the "SRF") are also adjusted to the risk profile and systemic relevance of each participating 
institution, in consideration of its solvency profile. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the 
Group paid €1.8 million in contributions to the Resolution Fund and €5.0 million in contributions 
to the Single Resolution Fund (compared to €3.3 million and €6.2 million, respectively, for the 
year ended 31 December 2022). 
With regard to additional periodic contributions, credit institutions established in Portugal, such as 
the Issuer and certain other members of the Group, are required to pay such contributions to the 
Resolution Fund in accordance with the provisions of Decree-Law No. 24/2013 of 19 February 
2013 (ex vi Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended). Following the 
agreement from the Portuguese Government and the Resolution Fund to change the terms of the 
financing granted to the Resolution Fund, the Resolution Fund considered that the full payment of 
its liabilities, as well as its respective remuneration, was assured without the need for recourse to 
special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions by the banking sector. 
Despite this public announcement, there cannot be any assurance that the Group will not be 
required to make special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions to finance 
the Resolution Fund. Any requirement for the Issuer or the Group to make special contributions or 
an increase in required levels of periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund would have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the adoption of a harmonised deposit guarantee scheme throughout the EU 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/49/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of deposit 
guarantee schemes (the "Recast DGSD") entered into force. The recast DGSD introduces 
harmonised funding requirements (including risk-based levies), protection for certain types of 
temporary high balances, a reduction in pay-out deadlines, harmonisation of eligibility categories 
(including an extension of scope to cover deposits by most companies regardless of size) and new 
disclosure requirements. The Recast DGSD was implemented in Portugal by Law 23A/2015, of 26 
March 2015, as amended, which amended the RGICSF. 
Furthermore, a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council, amending 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 to establish a European Deposit Insurance Scheme, is currently under 
discussion at an EU level. 
As a result of these developments, the Group may incur additional costs and liabilities which may 
adversely affect the Group's results of operations and its financial condition. The additional indirect 
costs of the deposit guarantee systems may also be significant, even if they are much lower than 
the direct contributions to the fund, as in the case of the costs associated with the provision of 
detailed information to clients about products, as well as compliance with specific regulations on 
advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits, thus affecting the activity of the 
relevant banks and consequently their business activities, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks relating to data protection and privacy 
The processing of personal data by the Issuer and the Group is subject, notably, to: (i) Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, as amended ("GDPR"); (ii) Law No. 58/2019, of 8 August 2019; 
(iii) any law approved for the adaptation of specific rules of the GDPR to the Portuguese 
jurisdiction; (iv) Directive 2002/58/EC of 12 July 2002, as amended, on privacy and electronic 
communications; and (v) Law No. 41/2004, of 18 August 2004, as amended. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the 
measures adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to data 
subjects may prove to be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in 
force from time to time and/or may not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and

--- Page 51 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
associates. Thus, the data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for 
purposes other than those authorised by the data subjects, or even use by unauthorised parties 
(whether third parties or employees of the Group). If any of these circumstances occur, there could 
be a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, financial condition, results of 
operation or prospects. 
Risks associated with the disposal of non-performing assets 
In recent years, the supervisory authorities have focused on the value of non-performing assets 
("NPAs") and the effectiveness and organisational structures of banks' recovery processes. The 
importance of reducing the ratio of NPAs to total loans has been stressed on several occasions by 
the supervisory authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
amending Regulation (EU)) No. 575/2013) establishes a requirement for credit institutions to build 
their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred and expected losses on 
newly originated loans that become non-performing. Where the minimum coverage requirement is 
not met, the difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement should be deducted 
from a bank's own funds. The new rules should not be applied in relation to exposures originated 
prior to 26 April 2019. A proposal for a directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and recovery 
of collateral was also included in the comprehensive package of measures to be tackled by the 
European Commission. For further details see the section "Description of the Issuer and of the 
Group – Developments in Banking Regulation – Prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset 
quality". 
Other risks exist in relation to further requirements that may be imposed by the ECB, through 
guidelines or legislation, to accelerate the reduction of NPAs, such as the following: (i) reforms of 
insolvency and debt recovery frameworks, (ii) development of secondary markets for distressed 
assets, (iii) accelerated loss recognition with backstop provision limits, and (iv) requirements on 
the use of templates for information on NPLs. 
Furthermore, an increase in the entry levels of new NPLs may hinder the Issuer's ability to reduce 
its NPL stock. 
Any of the above could have negative effects on the business, results of operations, capital and 
financial position of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
The use of standardised contracts and forms carries certain risks 
The Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of clients. In all of the Group's 
business areas and departments, the management of such a large number of legal relationships 
involves the use of general terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms. 
This standardisation implies that for subjects that need clarification, contain drafting errors or 
require individual terms and conditions, the use of standard contracts and forms may pose a 
significant risk due to the large number of contracts entered into under these conditions. In light of 
amendments to the applicable legal frameworks as a result of new laws or judicial decisions, it is 
possible that not all standard contracts and forms used by the Issuer comply with every applicable 
legal requirement at all times. 
If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the contracts 
are invalid in their entirety or in part, a large number of client relationships may be affected 
negatively. Any resulting claims for compensation or other legal consequences may have an 
adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the Issuer. 
Changes to tax legislation, regulations, higher taxes or lower tax benefits could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's activity 
The Issuer might be adversely affected by recent and future changes in the tax legislation and other 
regulations applicable in Portugal, the EU and other countries in which it operates, as well as by 
changes of interpretation by the competent tax authorities of legislation and regulation.

--- Page 52 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer might be adversely affected by difficulties in the interpretation of or 
compliance with new tax laws and regulations. The materialisation of these risks may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's strategy, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes are subject to resolution measures, including the 
general bail-in tool 
Holders are subject to the provisions of the BRRD relating to, inter alia, the bail-in of liabilities. As such, 
Holders will have an unsecured claim over the Issuer, thus being subject to bail-in. 
Bail-in is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating 
to the resolution of credit institutions and investment firms incorporated in the Republic of Portugal, in 
effect and applicable to the Issuer. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss 
absorption"). 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, 
for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State of the EEA and to 
preserve financial stability. 
See "—Risks relating to the Issuer—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks relating to the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive and other future bank crisis management and deposit insurance regulation or 
framework" for a further description. 
The remedies available to Holders under the Notes are limited 
Holders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of their Notes, although in a Winding-Up 
the Holders will have a claim for an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes together with any 
accrued interest and any Additional Amounts thereon. 
The sole remedy in the event of any non-payment of principal or interest under the Notes, subject to certain 
conditions as described in Condition 6 (Default), is that a Holder may, subject to applicable laws, institute 
proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or prove for any payment obligations of the Issuer arising 
under the Notes in any Winding-Up or other insolvency proceedings in respect of such non-payment. 
The remedies under the Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Issuer's senior (non-
MREL) or unsubordinated creditors. For further details regarding the limited remedies of Holders, see 
Condition 6 (Default). 
If the EU Commission's CMDI proposal is adopted, the Senior Preferred Notes would rank junior to 
all of the Issuer's depositors 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in 
respect of preferred and covered deposits). In April 2023, the EU Commission announced the CMDI 
framework. See "—Risks relating to the Issuer—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks relating to the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive and other future bank crisis management and deposit insurance 
regulation or framework" for a further description. If implemented as proposed, one element of the proposal 
would mean that Senior Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; 
instead, the Senior Preferred Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As 
such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing all or some of their

--- Page 53 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
investment. The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior Preferred Notes. 
The proposal will be subject to Trialogue negotiation and then national implementation. See "- Risks 
Relating to the Notes - Risks Relating to the Market - Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" for further 
information on credit ratings. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are unsecured and rank below 
certain other liabilities of the Issuer in a winding up 
On a Winding-Up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer that do not have the ranking foreseen in Article 8-
A. If, on a liquidation of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, Holders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Holders will lose all or some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Holders shall, in a liquidation of the Issuer, have no claim in respect of the 
surplus assets (if any) of the Issuer remaining in any liquidation following payment of all amounts due in 
respect of the liabilities of the Issuer. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The obligation under Condition 7 (Taxation) to pay Additional Amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of 
interest and not to payments of principal or any such other amount. As such, the Issuer would not be required 
to pay any Additional Amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction 
applied to payments of principal or any such other amount. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal or any such other amount under the Notes, Holders 
may receive less than the full amount of principal or any such other such amount due under the Notes upon 
redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Further, the obligation under Condition 7 (Taxation) to pay Additional Amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any interest payments is subject to certain exceptions, 
including where a Holder fails to comply with certain documentary and/or information obligations as 
foreseen under the special tax regime applicable to income arising from debt securities ("STRIDS"), which 
was approved by Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended ("Decree-law 193/2005") (as 
described in the section "Taxation") regime, in which case the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
Additional Amounts and the Holders would potentially receive less than the full amount of interest due 
under the Notes. Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers and to closely monitor any applicable 
documentary and information requirements. 
Risks relating to withholding tax 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Notes integrated in and held through a centralised system 
managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the CVM), by other EU or EEA entities that manage 
international clearing systems (in the latter case if there is administrative cooperation for tax purposes with 
the relevant country which is equivalent to that in place within the EU), or, when authorised by the member 
of the government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems held 
by non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the STRIDS, may benefit from 
withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements are complied 
with. 
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others, will result in the application of the 
relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation to gross 
up by the Issuer. 
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Notes is paid or made available 
("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed entities (e.g. typically "jumbo" accounts) such income will be subject to withholding tax in

--- Page 54 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Portugal at a rate of 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed. Failure by the 
investors to comply with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the said Portuguese 
withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. and the Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect 
of any withheld accounts in accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or 
legal persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that are 
domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime and listed in the 
Ministerial Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 (as amended from time to time) (a "Blacklisted 
Jurisdiction") is subject to withholding tax at 35 per cent., which is the final tax on that income, unless 
Decree-law 193/2005 applies and the beneficial owners are central banks and government agencies, 
international organisations recognised by the Portuguese State, residents in a country or jurisdiction with 
which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force. 
The Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any such non-resident holders, in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in the section "Taxation—Portugal". 
The terms of the Notes may be modified, or the Notes may be substituted, by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Holders in certain circumstances 
If "Substitution and Variation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if a Tax 
Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 13(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers), the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) at any time substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes without the consent of the Holders. 
Loss Absorption Compliant Notes must have terms which are not materially less favourable to Holders than 
the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, save where the governing law of Condition 
13(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) is changed in order to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 13(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers). However, there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of a Holder, such 
Loss Absorption Compliant Notes will be as favourable to each investor in all respects or that, if it were 
entitled to do so, a particular investor would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the 
terms of the Loss Absorption Compliant Notes are not materially less favourable to Holders than the terms 
of the Notes. 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk, which means that the Issuer may fail to meet its 
obligations arising from the Notes duly and in a timely manner. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Notes and the ability of the holders of the Notes to receive payments arising from the Notes 
depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Group, which are subject to other risks 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
There is no limit on the amount or type of further notes, bonds or indebtedness that the Issuer may 
issue, incur or guarantee 
There is no restriction on the amount of notes, bonds or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue, incurrence or guaranteeing of 
any such notes, bonds or other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Holders during a 
winding-up or administration or resolution of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Holders will have to rely on Interbolsa procedures 
Form and transfer of the Notes 
The Notes will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form and registered in Interbolsa, 
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Legal title to the Notes 
will be evidenced by book entries in individual Securities Accounts established by Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa. Transfers of title to the Notes will take place in accordance with Portuguese law and the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Interbolsa. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in individual Securities Accounts established by an Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa as the Holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the Holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes. 
Payment Procedures of the Notes 
Whilst the Notes are registered with Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current account which the Paying Agents have indicated 
to, and has been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent's behalf for payments in respect of 
the Notes to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of 
Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with the CVM are credited with 
such Notes and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current accounts to the accounts of the Holders of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Holders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. The Issuer will 
have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of beneficial interests 
in the Notes. 
Holders may not require the redemption of the Notes prior to their maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will mature on the Maturity Date. The 
Issuer is under no obligation to redeem Notes at any time prior thereto and Holders have no right to require 
the Issuer to redeem or purchase any Notes at any time. Prior to the Maturity Date, any redemption of the 
Notes and the purchase of any Notes by the Issuer will be subject always to receiving Regulatory Permission 
from the Relevant Resolution Authority (both as defined in the Conditions), and Holders may not be able 
to sell their Notes in the secondary market (if at all) at a price equal to or higher than the price at which 
they purchased their Notes. Accordingly, investors in the Notes should be prepared to hold their Notes for 
a significant period of time, or even until maturity. 
The Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer and upon the occurrence of 
certain tax and regulatory events, subject to certain conditions being met 
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of the Notes), redeem all or (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes 
at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its 
option, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation 
and Purchase of the Notes), as applicable, and where the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased and 
subsequently cancelled, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Clean-up Call Option Amount, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, as applicable, 
the Issuer may, at its option, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase of the Notes), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their

--- Page 56 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of the Notes) provides that 
any redemption of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption following the occurrence of 
a Tax Event), 4(d) (Redemption following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), 4(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 4(f) (Clean-up Call Option), 4(g) (Substitution or Variation) and 
4(h) (Purchases) is subject to the Issuer obtaining prior Regulatory Permission from the Relevant 
Resolution Authority therefor, save that, if at the time of any redemption the prevailing Loss Absorption 
Regulations permit the redemption only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-
condition(s). As such redemption is subject to the Issuer obtaining Regulatory Permission from the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, the outcome may not necessarily reflect the commercial intention of the Issuer or the 
commercial expectations of Holders and this may have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during periods when there is an increased 
likelihood, or perceived increased likelihood, that the Notes will be redeemed early, the market value of the 
Notes may be adversely affected. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes 
may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes 
or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Holders may only be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The events referred to above may occur and lead to circumstances in which the Issuer may elect to redeem 
the Notes, but even then, the Issuer may not satisfy the conditions or may not elect to redeem the Notes. 
The Issuer may be more likely to exercise its option to redeem the Notes if the Issuer's funding costs would 
be lower than the prevailing interest rate payable in respect of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed the 
Holders may not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the 
same rate of return as their investment in the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as a Reference Rate or the component 
part of a Mid-Swap Rate), are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The BMR was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK BMR") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 57 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
The BMR and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark" (such as Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR and/or the UK 
BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner 
of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark", (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark". 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates) and including 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service), becomes unavailable or 
a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
be adjusted (if required). If a Benchmark Event occurs, in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The 
use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for 
Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes 
linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of Holders. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, Reset Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined using the Original Reference Rate last 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes. 
Meetings of Holders and modification 
The Conditions of the Notes and the Instrument will contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all

--- Page 58 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The quorum requirements for such meetings does not require all Holders to vote or be present. The quorum 
at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing 
more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
Conditions (including, inter alia, the provisions regarding ranking referred to in Condition 2 (Status; No 
Set-Off), the terms concerning currency and due dates for payment of principal or interest payments in 
respect of the Notes and reducing or cancelling the principal amount of, or interest on, any Notes, or the 
Rate of Interest or varying the method of calculating the Rate of Interest) the quorum will be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than 
one-third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
In addition, the Agents and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, make any modification of 
the Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms which (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Holders, (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (iii) is made to correct a manifest error, or (iv) is to 
comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the Holders as soon as practicable. 
Each investor in the Notes must act independently as they do not have the benefit of a trustee 
Because the Notes will not be issued pursuant to an indenture or a trust deed, the Holders will not have the 
benefit of a trustee to act upon their behalf and each investor will be responsible for acting independently 
with respect to certain matters affecting their interests in the Notes including instituting proceedings, 
following an event described in Condition 6(b) (Enforcement), and responding to any requests for consents, 
waivers or amendments. 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes will be governed by the laws of England save that the provisions of (i) 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer) relating to the form (representação formal) and 
transfer of the Notes, creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of 
rights under the Notes; (ii) Condition 2(a) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) and Condition 2(b) (Status of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) relating to the ranking of the Notes and (iii) Condition 13(d) 
(Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of Portugal. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws of England or Portugal or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition 
of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. Prospective investors should inform 
themselves about the lawfulness of their acquisition of the Notes under any applicable laws. 
A Holder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a 
rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional - domestic or foreign - parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign 
markets, Holders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions 
and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), Holders must also take into 
account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform themselves about

--- Page 59 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing 
in the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can be 
no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned 
to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. Credit ratings may 
also change due to changes in law and regulation; see "-Risks Relating to Notes – If the EU Commission's 
CMDI proposal is adopted, the Senior Preferred Notes would rank junior to all of the Issuer's depositors". 
Any such change could adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Similarly, investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
The use of proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes may not correspond to 
investor sustainability criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series or Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes 
will be "Green Notes", "Social Notes" and/or "Sustainability Notes" meaning that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the offer of such Notes specifically for Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) that promote green purposes 
and/or social purposes and that the Notes issued hereunder are to be referred to as "Green Notes", "Social 
Notes" and/or "Sustainability Notes" as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of the 
Notes nor any amount equal to such net proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between the Notes and any Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable 
Final Terms regarding such use of an amount equal to such net proceeds and must determine for themselves

--- Page 60 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes, Social Notes 
and/or Sustainability Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of an amount equal to such net 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" 
or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated legislation containing technical screening criteria for economic activities that make a 
substantial contribution to climate change mitigation or adaptation. Accordingly, until all the technical 
screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have been finalised, no 
assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for any 
projects related to the Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will satisfy any requisite criteria 
determined under the Taxonomy Regulation or the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time. 
Specifically, for the banking sector, the EBA was given several mandates to assess how environmental, 
social and governance risks can be incorporated into the three pillars of prudential supervision. Based on 
this, the EBA published an Action Plan on sustainable finance and a Discussion Paper on the integration of 
environmental, social and governance risks into the regulatory and supervisory framework. ESMA has 
recently stated that external reviewers conducting assessments of the European Union Green Bond 
Standards should be subject to EU-wide registration and supervision and that the European Union Green 
Bond Standards should be aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. However, there is no assurance that the 
two will in fact be aligned. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will meet any or 
all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives (including under the Taxonomy Regulation or the Taxonomy Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse green, social, sustainable and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "Green Bond Regulation") 
has been published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Green Bond Regulation applies from 21 December 
2024. The Green Bond Regulation establishes a European Green Bond Standard, which is a voluntary label 
for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as certain Green Notes) where the proceeds will be invested 
in economic activities aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Any Green Notes issued under 
this programme will not be aligned with such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply 
with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework only. It is 
not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand 
for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green Notes) that do not meet such standard. It 
could reduce demand and liquidity for Green Notes and their price. 
The Issuer has published a framework relating to an investment in Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible 
Social 
Assets 
dated 
December 
2024 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-en/debt-issuances/green-social-and-sustainable-
framework) and which may be amended or updated from time to time (the "Green, Social and 
Sustainability Framework"). The Group's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework is available on the 
Issuer's website and each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Framework and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other

--- Page 61 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
professional adviser the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use 
of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings (an 
independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to determine their 
environmental robustness) has evaluated the Group's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework and 
issued a second party opinion dated December 2024 (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Group's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with Green Bond 
Principles as administered by the International Capital Market Association. The Second Party Opinion is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-en/debt-
issuances/second-party-opinion. Neither the Group's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework nor the 
Second Party Opinion are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in 
connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible 
Social Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. The Second Party 
Opinion and the Green, Social and Sustainability Framework may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Green, Social and Sustainability 
Framework is a recommendation by the Issuer, the Sole Bookrunner or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
securities and the Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date that it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Party Opinion and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. The withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion, or any 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
There may be insufficient assets for investment proceeds of Green Notes, Social Notes and/or 
Sustainability Notes 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Notes, Social 
Notes and/or Sustainability Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Group's Green, Social 
and Sustainability Framework and this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms. However, whilst 
(in line with the Green, Social and Sustainability Framework) the Issuer aims to ensure timely allocation 
of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Notes to Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets there 
can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will be capable of being implemented in a similar manner and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the amount equal to such net proceeds will be 
totally disbursed for Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that 
such Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all 
or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the green, social and/or sustainable aspect) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Notes, 
Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes for any Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets, as 
aforesaid, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, or the fact 
that the maturity of a Eligible Green Asset and/or Eligible Social Assets may not match the minimum 
duration of such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes or the failure by the Issuer to meet 
any other environmental, social or sustainability targets, will not (i) constitute an event of default under 
such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes; (ii) give rise to any claim by a Holder against 
the Issuer; (iii) create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or 
Sustainability Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes; (iv) give 
Holders an option to redeem such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes or accelerate any 
scheduled payments under such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes; (v) constitute an 
incentive to redeem; or (vi) prejudice such Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes' 
qualification as eligible liabilities.

--- Page 62 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
The Notes are first and foremost bail-in notes and then only Green Notes, Social Notes and/or 
Sustainability Notes 
The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of, and in accordance with the 
eligibility criteria and requirements of the CRR II and BRRD. Therefore, the Notes may also be subject, as 
applicable, to any of the other risks highlighted in the "Risks relating to the Notes", including any bail-in 
and resolution measures available under BRRD, notably as described in the risk factors entitled "The 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes are subject to resolution measures, including the general 
bail-in tool" above, as well as in the risk factors entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer – Legal and regulatory 
risks – Risks relating to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and other future bank crisis 
management and deposit insurance regulation or framework " and "Risks relating to the Issuer – Legal and 
regulatory risks – Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities could have a material effect 
on the Issuer" above. Further, the Notes will be fully subject to the bail-in tool and to write down and 
conversion powers, as the case may be, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other equivalent instruments of 
the Issuer which are not labelled "green", "social" or "sustainable", pursuant to the application of CRR II 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements. As such, the net proceeds from the Notes will be fully available 
to cover any and all losses arising in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" 
and/or "sustainable" label, if any. Additionally, such labelling as Green Notes, Social Notes and/or 
Sustainability Notes will not (i) affect the regulatory treatment of the Notes as eligible liabilities or (ii) have 
any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 3 (Ranking). 
The payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Notes shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or any other environmental, 
social or sustainability targets of the Issuer, nor will any investors in the same have any preferred right or 
priority against such assets nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Group's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework 
(as further described in "Use of Proceeds" below) for further information. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the relevant 
First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the Rate of Interest will be reset to the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate and the relevant margin as determined by the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Rate of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the relevant Initial Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Rate of 
Interest for the prior Reset Period, which could adversely affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Reset Notes. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk and 
interest rate risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or 
a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and

--- Page 63 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
If a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations 
in response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market 
fluctuations and general economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Publicly traded bonds from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be 
unrelated to the operating performance of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be 
increased in an illiquid market, including in circumstances where a significant proportion of the Notes are 
held by a limited number of initial investor(s). If any market in the Notes does develop, it may become 
severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial condition of the Issuer deteriorates such that there is 
an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the Issuer being unable to pay interest on the Notes in full, 
or of the Notes being subject to loss absorption under an applicable statutory loss absorption regime. In 
addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some 
of which are beyond the Issuer's control. 
Any or all of such events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to 
investors losing some or all of their investment. 
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and 
there can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid 
for them, or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that 
have a developed secondary market. 
Moreover, although the Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer can (subject to regulatory approval and 
compliance with prevailing prudential and/or regulatory requirements) purchase Notes at any time, they 
have no obligation to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the secondary market 
of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the 
secondary market. 
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing credit market conditions (which continue at the date 
of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market which may 
result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the 
performance of the Notes or the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances 
will change and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and 
instruments similar to the Notes at that time. 
Although application has been made for Notes issued under this Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active 
trading market in any Notes issued under the Programme (whether listed on Euronext Dublin or not) will 
develop. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor's Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information which has previously been published and has been submitted to and filed with 
the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023, which can be found on pages 180 – 406 and pages 407 – 
420 
of 
the 
Group's 
2023 
Annual 
Report 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/-/media/2f915eb29c2e4063b12cf4fe4367e170.pdf); 
(2) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022, which can be found on pages 145 – 353 and pages 354 – 
366 
of 
the 
Group's 
2022 
Annual 
Report 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/-/media/460727af51324bc48f3a7328b057da5c.pdf); and 
(3) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the nine months ended 30 
September 
2024 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/-
/media/1e77013e52ca4b49a8c5b8de637f9aa2.pdf) and the related limited review audit report and 
notes thereon for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.creditoagricola.pt/-/media/b243b58a60b543919663d1977892f096.pdf). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained, upon request and 
free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer. Other than the documents referred to above, none of 
the contents of the Issuer's website, any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus nor any website directly 
or indirectly linked to these websites form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the 
Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves 
incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (other than any paragraphs in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to 
completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable 
to the Notes. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are governed by these terms and conditions (the "Conditions" and references to a numbered 
"Condition" shall be construed accordingly) and a deed poll given by Caixa Central - Caixa Central de 
Crédito Agricola Mútuo, C.R.L. (the "Issuer") in favour of the Holders dated 13 January 2025 (the 
"Instrument"). The Notes also have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 13 January 2025 (such 
agency agreement as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, Citibank Europe plc, with its specified 
office at 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin, as initial principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor thereto), initial agent bank (the "Agent Bank") and paying agent 
(the "Portuguese Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor thereto, and together with 
the Principal Paying Agent and any other paying agent as may be nominated under the Agency Agreement 
from time to time, the "Paying Agents", each a "Paying Agent"). The Holders are entitled to the benefits 
of, bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Instrument and the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Instrument and the Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. The Principal 
Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the Portuguese Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and their respective 
successors, assigns and replacements shall be referred to as the "Agents". 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part 
A of the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Instrument or the Agency Agreement 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the Instrument, the Instrument will prevail and that in the event of any inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement or the Instrument and the Conditions, the Conditions will prevail. For the 
avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) 
form in the Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by registration in individual securities accounts ("Securities Accounts") 
and are registered with the Central de Valores Mobiliários (the "CVM"), a Portuguese Securities 
Centralised System managed and operated by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"). Each person 
shown in the individual Securities Accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having 
an interest in the Notes shall be considered the Holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded 
therein. 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual Securities Accounts held with 
an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Any Holder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the 
Holder. 
This Note is a senior preferred Note (a "Senior Preferred Note") or a senior non-preferred Note 
(a "Senior Non-Preferred Note"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, "Holder" means the person in whose name a Note is registered in the relevant 
individual Securities Accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa.

--- Page 66 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
2. 
Status; No Set-Off 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 2(a) only applies to Notes which are specified as Senior Preferred 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Note or any beneficial interest 
therein, each Holder and any beneficial owner of each Note acknowledge and 
agree that if a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Note shall be for (in lieu of any 
other payment by the Issuer) an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
of the relevant Note, together with, to the extent not otherwise included within 
the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such Note, including any accrued 
and unpaid interest thereon, Additional Amounts and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations in respect of such Note, provided however that such 
rights and claims shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities, save for those Senior Higher Priority Liabilities that have 
been accorded by law preferential rights; and 
(B) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and 
future subordinated obligations and all classes of share capital of the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 2(b) only applies to Notes which are specified as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Note or any beneficial interest 
therein, each Holder and any beneficial owner of each Note acknowledge and 
agree that if a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Note shall be for (in lieu of any 
other payment by the Issuer) an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
of the relevant Note, together with, to the extent not otherwise included within 
the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such Note, including any accrued 
and unpaid interest thereon, Additional Amounts and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations in respect of such Note, provided however that such 
rights and claims shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities; 
(B) 
junior to unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer that do 
not have the ranking foreseen in Article 8-A; and 
(C) 
senior to all present and future claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank subordinated to claims in 
respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
including all classes of share capital of the Issuer, in accordance with 
Article 8-A.

--- Page 67 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(c) 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, no Holder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation, netting or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes or the Instrument and each 
Holder shall, by virtue of their holding of any Note, be deemed, to the extent permitted 
under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, netting or 
retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any 
Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is 
discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its Winding-
Up, the liquidator, special liquidator or other relevant insolvency official, as the case may 
be, of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator, special liquidator or other relevant 
insolvency official, as the case may be, of the Issuer) and accordingly any such discharge 
shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
3. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Reset Note Interest Payment Dates 
Subject to Condition 3(k), each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date, at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Reset Note Interest Payment Date and 
on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on a Reset Note Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(g). 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
shall apply to Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Fallback Provisions 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to 
Condition 3(k), the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Agent Bank with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately

--- Page 68 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent Bank with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with such 
sum converted as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by the Agent 
Bank. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent Bank with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with such sum converted as set out 
in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable), all as determined by the Agent Bank. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent Bank with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii), the Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation shall 
be deemed to be the quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate which was last displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page prior to the Reset Determination Date and the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the sum of such 
quotation and the First Margin or the Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with 
such sum converted as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by the Agent 
Bank. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, 
and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either as specified in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls 
the number of months or other period specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 69 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(B) 
the Modified Following Adjusted Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Preceding Adjusted Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to 
Condition 3(k) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Agent Bank. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Agent Bank for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(B) 
If, subject to Condition 3(k), the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
if sub-paragraph (A)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided 
below, the Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Agent Bank with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent Bank with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Agent Bank. 
(C) 
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Issuer determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the 
Agent Bank, at the request of the Issuer by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-

--- Page 70 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent Bank with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent Bank it is quoting to leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (and subject 
to Condition 3(k), the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Agent Bank by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however, that if there is no rate available for the period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent 
Bank shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon Notes is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 4(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note from (and including) the due date for 
redemption thereof or the date of substitution thereof unless payment of all amounts is not 
properly and duly made, in which event interest shall continue to accrue on the Notes (both 
before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
3 to the Relevant Date. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance

--- Page 71 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
with Condition 3(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the (if 
a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure 
is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country or 
countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for 
such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and 
Clean-up Call Option Amounts 
The Agent Bank shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable) or such other time on such date as the Agent Bank may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call 
Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period or Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Reset Note 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option 
Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent (if a different entity to the 
Agent Bank) and the Portuguese Paying Agent, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
in accordance with Condition 10, the Holders, in each case as soon as practicable after its 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 6, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the

--- Page 72 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
Agent Bank in accordance with this Condition 3 but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
(i) 
Reference Banks 
Whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Reference 
Banks falls to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so long as such function is 
required to be performed) maintain (if required) the number of Reference Banks provided 
in these Conditions where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated by reference to them (or 
any quotations provided by them). 
The Issuer may from time to time replace any Reference Bank with another leading 
investment, merchant or commercial bank or financial institution. A Reference Bank may 
not be the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
(j) 
Determinations of Agent Bank Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 3 by the 
Agent Bank, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent 
Bank, the Paying Agents and all Holders and (in the absence of wilful default or 
negligence) no liability to the Holders or the Issuer shall attach to the Agent Bank in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and 
discretions. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(k) only, in respect of any Reset Notes, references in 
this Condition 3(k) to (i) "Interest Determination Date" shall be read as references to 
"Reset Determination Date", (ii) "Interest Accrual Period" shall be read as references to 
"Reset Period", (iii) "Interest Payment Date" shall be read as references to "Reset Date" 
and (iv) "Margin" shall be read as references to the "First Margin" or the "Subsequent 
Margin", as applicable. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall notify the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents of the occurrence 
of such Benchmark Event and use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(k)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 3(k)(iv)), provided that such appointment need not 
be made earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is to be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 3(k) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent Bank, any Paying Agent 
or the Holders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 3(k). 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (b) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(k)(i) prior 
to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined using

--- Page 73 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin, the Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 3(k)(i). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(k)(i), if in the Agent 
Bank's or the Paying Agents' (as applicable) opinion there is any uncertainty 
between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination 
or calculation under this Condition 3, the Agent Bank or the relevant Paying 
Agent (as applicable) shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct the Agent Bank or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in writing as 
to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent Bank or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent Bank or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Agent Bank remains uncertain 
of the application of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 3 will continue to apply. 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(in respect of periods beginning after the end of the then current Interest 
Accrual Period or, if the Issuer determines on or prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, in respect of 
periods beginning from the next occurring Interest Determination Date 
onwards), subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(k); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (in respect of periods 
beginning after the end of the then current Interest Accrual Period or, if 
the Issuer determines on or prior to the first Interest Determination Date 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, in respect of periods beginning 
from the next occurring Interest Determination Date onwards), subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(k). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate

--- Page 74 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(k) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the 
Instrument or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3(k)(v), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions, the Instrument or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(k)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(k), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments for the purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations or (ii) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or the 
Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the maturity date of the Notes for the purposes of qualification of the Notes as 
eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the 
Loss Absorption Regulations. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(k), none of the Agent 
Bank, the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, in the 
sole opinion of the Agent Bank, the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent Bank, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
None of the Principal Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or the Agent 
Bank shall be responsible or liable for any action or inaction of the Independent 
Adviser or in respect of the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, or any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(k) will be 
notified at least 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date by the Issuer to Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Portuguese 
Paying Agent) and the Agent Bank. In accordance with Condition 10, notice shall 
be provided to the Holders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Holders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Portuguese Paying Agent) and the

--- Page 75 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Agent Bank to make available at its registered office to the Holders a certificate 
signed by two members of the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 3(k); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent Bank and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the ability of the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Paying 
Agents and the Holders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3(k)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 3(b)(ii) or 3(c)(iv) (as applicable) will continue to apply unless 
and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
4. 
Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 4(g)) 
substituted, each Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, is its principal amount) on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Conditions. Notes may not be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with this Condition 4. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) to 4(d) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 6 shall be 
the amortised face amount (calculated as provided below) (the 
"Amortised Face Amount") of such Note unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to the issue price of the first 
tranche of Notes on the Issue Date of such tranche) compounded annually.

--- Page 76 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) to 4(d) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 6 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 3(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) 
to 4(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 6, shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Tax Event 
If, prior to the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 4(c), a Tax Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(j), and having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 and the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these 
Conditions on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
If, prior to the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 4(d), a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to 
Condition 4(j), and having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to 
redeem in accordance with these Conditions on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, subject to Condition 4(j), and having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Holders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 10 and the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), elect to redeem all or (if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption

--- Page 77 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Holders shall also contain the information 
required for compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (ii) the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased and 
subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 4, the Issuer may, from (and 
including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date (subject to Condition 4(j)), and having given 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 10, the Holders, at any time redeem all (but not some only) of 
the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if applicable, with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) such 
date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(f), any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 
11 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time 
will be deemed to have been originally issued. 
(g) 
Substitution or Variation 
If "Substitution and Variation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then with respect to: 
(i) 
any series of Notes, if at any time a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing; or 
(ii) 
any series of Notes, if at any time a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
(iii) 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 13(d), 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(j), and having given not less than 10 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and the Agent Bank and 
the Paying Agents (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
substitution or, as the case may be, variation of the Notes) but without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Holders, at any time either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, and may make any consequential 
amendments to the Instrument and the Agency Agreement. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or substitute the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 4(g), as the case may be and make any consequential amendments to the 
Instrument and the Agency Agreement. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 4(g), 
the Issuer shall comply with all securities and other laws and the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The exercise of such substitution or variation rights may have adverse tax and other 
consequences for Holders and Holders should consult their own tax and other advisers in 
connection therewith. The Issuer is not required to take into account the consequences to 
Holders if it exercises its rights of substitution or variation hereunder.

--- Page 78 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(j) purchase (or otherwise acquire), or procure 
others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) beneficially for its account, Notes in any manner 
and at any price. The Notes so purchased (or acquired), while held by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, shall not entitle the Holder to vote at any meetings of the Holders and shall not be 
deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the 
Holders. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4 will forthwith 
be cancelled in accordance with the applicable regulations of Interbolsa. All Notes 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, subject to obtaining any Regulatory 
Permission therefor, be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled in 
accordance with the applicable regulations of Interbolsa. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of the Notes 
Any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 4(c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining prior Regulatory Permission from the Relevant Resolution 
Authority therefor; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, such substitution or variation being 
permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, any other applicable requirement 
of the Relevant Regulator or under the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption, substitution, 
variation or purchase, the prevailing Loss Absorption Regulations permit the redemption, 
substitution, variation or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(j), the Issuer shall 
comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any failure by the Issuer to obtain Regulatory Permission from 
the Relevant Resolution Authority as contemplated above shall not constitute a default of 
the Issuer under the Notes or for any purpose. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution, variation or redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 4 (other than a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(e)), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents to make available at its registered office 
to the Holders a copy of a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Board of 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to 
the right to redeem, substitute or, as appropriate, vary is satisfied and, in the case of a 
substitution or variation, that the terms of the relevant Loss Absorption Compliant Notes 
comply with the definition thereof in Condition 15 and, in the case of a redemption 
pursuant to Condition 4(c) only, an opinion from a nationally recognised law firm or other 
tax adviser in Portugal, experienced in such matters to the effect that the relevant 
requirement or circumstance referred to in any of paragraphs (i) to (iii) (inclusive) of the 
definition of "Tax Event" applies. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer to the account of the Holder 
maintained by or on its behalf in the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa, details of 
which appear in the records of the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa at close of 
business on the Business Day before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest.

--- Page 79 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Laws 
Save as provided in Condition 7, payments will be subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws or 
regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, 
regulations, directives or agreements. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Holders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the 
applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
6. 
Default 
(a) 
Default 
(i) 
If the Issuer does not make payment in respect of the Notes for a period of 14 
days or more after the date on which such payment is due, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to be in default under the Instrument and the Notes and a Holder may 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(b), institute proceedings for the 
winding-up of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
In the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer (whether or not instituted by a Holder 
pursuant to the foregoing), a Holder may prove and/or claim in such Winding-Up 
of the Issuer, such claim being as contemplated in Condition 2. If a Winding-Up 
occurs, then any Holder may give notice to the Issuer and to the Agent Bank and 
the Paying Agents at their respective registered offices, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer, that the Notes held by such Holder(s) are, and they 
shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at an 
amount equal to their Early Redemption Amount, together with, to the extent not 
otherwise included within the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such 
Note, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any Additional 
Amounts and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations in respect of 
such Note. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
Without prejudice and subject to Condition 6(a), and in accordance with and to the extent 
permitted by then applicable law, a Holder may at its discretion and without notice institute 
such steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term 
or condition binding on the Issuer under the Instrument or the Notes (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Instrument or the Notes, 
including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) provided that in no event 
shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such steps, actions or proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it pursuant to these Conditions or the Instrument. Nothing 
in this Condition 6(b) shall, however, prevent a Holder from instituting proceedings for 
the winding-up of the Issuer (in accordance with and to the extent permitted by applicable

--- Page 80 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
law at the relevant time) and/or proving and/or claiming in any Winding-Up of the Issuer 
in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer arising from the Notes and the 
Instrument (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) in the 
circumstances provided in Conditions 2 and 6(a). 
(c) 
Extent of Holders' Remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 6, shall be 
available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
Instrument, the Notes or in respect of the Agency Agreement or any breach by the Issuer 
of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Instrument, the Notes or under the 
Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt a resolution of the Issuer or any moratorium in respect of the Issuer or 
any exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority will 
not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations or duties in respect of the 
Notes, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer's obligations or duties in respect of the Notes in 
any manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders to petition for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or by any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, in respect of payments of interest (but 
not principal or any other amount) the Issuer will pay such additional amounts ("Additional 
Amounts") as will result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them in respect of payments of interest had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(a) 
held by a recipient which is not the ultimate beneficial owner of the income arising from 
such Note or presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed 
beneficial owners where such beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment; 
or 
(b) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of their having some connection 
with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of such Note; or 
(c) 
held by, or by a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully prevent (but has not 
so prevented) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third 
party complied with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third 
party made a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any 
applicable tax authority; or 
(d) 
held by, or by a third party on behalf of, an entity resident for income tax purposes in a 
country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime, as listed in the 
Ministerial Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, issued by the Portuguese Minister 
of Finance and Public Administration (as amended), or legislation replacing it, unless a 
Double Tax Convention or a Tax Information Exchange Agreement entered into between 
such country, territory or region and Portugal is in force on the date interest becomes due; 
or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whom the information 
and documentation (which may include certificates) required in order to comply with the 
special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended 
from time to time, and any implementing legislation, is not received prior to the date 
interest becomes due.

--- Page 81 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
References in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed also to refer to any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under this Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or any intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). 
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any Additional Amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders (including by way 
of conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Instrument. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Holders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Holders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain of these Conditions (including, inter alia, the provisions regarding ranking referred 
to in Condition 2, the terms concerning currency and due dates for payment of principal 
or interest payments in respect of the Notes and reducing or cancelling the principal 
amount of, or interest on, any Notes or the Rate of Interest or varying the method of 
calculating the Rate of Interest), the quorum will be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-
third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required (i) in the case of any 
substitution or variation of the Notes required to be made in the circumstances described 
in Condition 4(g) in connection with the substitution of the Notes for, or variation of the 
terms of the Notes so that they remain, or as appropriate become, Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes, as applicable, or (ii) in the case of any variation of these Conditions, the 
Instrument or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described 
in Condition 3(k). 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Holders will be binding on all 
Holders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Instrument provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Holders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Holders.

--- Page 82 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(b) 
Modification of the Notes 
The Agents and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, make any modification 
of these Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Agreement which (i) is not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Holders, (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (iii) is made 
to correct a manifest error, or (iv) is to comply with mandatory provisions of any 
applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the Holders 
as soon as practicable. No modification to these Conditions or any provisions of the 
Instrument shall become effective unless (if and to the extent required at the relevant time 
by the Relevant Regulator) the Issuer shall have given such period of prior written notice 
thereof required by the Relevant Regulator, to, and received Regulatory Permission, 
therefor from, the Relevant Regulator (provided that there is a requirement to give such 
notice and obtain such Regulatory Permission). 
(c) 
Notices 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Holders and shall be notified to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
10. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the Holders pursuant to these Conditions shall be valid if published 
in such manner as the stock exchange on which Notes are listed or its rules and regulations may 
prescribe or accept. The Issuer shall also ensure that all such notices are duly published (if such 
publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or 
admitted to trading. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
The Issuer shall also comply with the requirements of Interbolsa and of Portuguese law generally 
in respect of notices relating to the Notes. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders, but subject to Regulatory 
Permission, create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that 
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of 
any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 11 and forming a single series with the Notes. 
12. 
Agents 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any change in the registered offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent, Agent Bank or Portuguese Paying Agent will be given to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10. All calculations and determinations made by the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Agent Bank or the Portuguese Paying Agent in relation to the Notes shall (save in the 
case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent 
Bank, the Portuguese Paying Agent and the Holders. 
The names of the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent Bank and the Portuguese Paying Agent and 
their specified offices are set out in the preamble to these Conditions. Any Principal Paying Agent, 
Agent Bank or Portuguese Paying Agent does not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent Bank or the Portuguese Paying Agent and 
to appoint successor, additional or other agents, provided that it will at all times maintain a

--- Page 83 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Portuguese Paying Agent capable of making payment in respect of the Notes as contemplated by 
these terms and conditions of the Notes, the Agency Agreement and applicable Portuguese laws 
and regulations. 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of England, save that the provisions of: 
(i) 
Condition 1 relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, 
creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise 
of rights under the Notes; 
(ii) 
Condition 2(a) and Condition 2(b) relating to the ranking of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
Condition 13(d) 
(together, the "Excluded Matters"), 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Portugal. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with the Instrument, the Agency Agreement or the Notes (other than the 
provisions of the Excluded Matters, in respect of which the courts of Portugal shall have 
jurisdiction) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) ("Proceedings") may 
be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of England in respect of any such Proceedings (other than in 
respect of Excluded Matters) and to the jurisdiction of the courts of Portugal in respect of 
any Proceedings relating to Excluded Matters. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably appointed TMF Global Services (UK) 
Limited of 13th Floor, One Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ as agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
(d) 
Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 13(d), includes each Holder of a beneficial interest in 
the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any 
liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(1) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result 
in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or

--- Page 84 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the 
Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date 
on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(2) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due 
and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
None of the events referred to above with respect to the Notes will be an event of default. 
Upon the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers but any failure to provide such notice shall not affect 
the validity or enforceability of such exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. 
Each Holder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive with respects 
to any Holder's rights under the Notes on the matters described herein to the exclusion of 
any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the application of any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers to the Notes. 
14. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
15. 
Definitions and Interpretations 
In these Conditions, references to "principal" shall be deemed to include any Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Clean-up Call Option Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, premium or other amounts (other than amounts of interest) payable in respect of the Notes 
and references to payment of "interest" shall be deemed to include Additional Amounts (if 
applicable). 
In these Conditions: 
"Additional Amounts" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which is 
notified by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Portuguese Paying Agent) 
and the Agent Bank:

--- Page 85 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Affiliate Member" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with the CVM and includes any banks or financial intermediaries appointed by Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the 
purpose of holding individual Securities Accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
"Agency Agreement" has the meaning given to it in the preamble of these Conditions; 
"Agent Bank" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 3(j)(ii), and which is notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent (with a copy to the Portuguese Paying Agent) and the Agent Bank, that is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and 
of a comparable duration to: (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period(s); or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the relevant Reset Period(s); 
"Applicable Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; 
"Article 8-A" means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or 
superseded (including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, and by Law 23-
A/2022, of 9 December 2022, which implemented Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(k)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 86 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the Issuer or any other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference 
Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of (v) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified 
in the relevant public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Paying Agents and the Agent Bank. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Paying Agents or 
the Agent Bank shall have any responsibility for making such determination; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 and by Directive (EU) 
2019/879); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres; 
"Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage" means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clean-up Call Effective Date" means the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes; 
"Conditions" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 87 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [360 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [360 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [360 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 88 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or, as applicable, Reset Note Interest Payment 
Date(s); 
"euro" means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty of Rome establishing the European Communities as 
amended; 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
"Excluded Matters" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(a); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to it in the Instrument; 
"First Par Call Notes Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Par Call Notes, the first 
Optional Redemption Date on which the Notes may be redeemed at the Par Call Amount;

--- Page 89 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined 
by the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset 
Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Agent Bank)); 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Holder" has the meaning given to it in Condition 1; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
3(k)(i); 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, Reset Notes Interest Payment Date relating to 
(and immediately following) the last day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for that period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro, (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is sterling and (iii) the day falling two business days in London prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling nor euro; 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) Reset Notes Interest 
Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Compliant Notes" means securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
have terms which are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an investment bank or 
financial adviser of international standing (which in either case is independent of the 
Issuer)) prior to the issue of the relevant securities or, as appropriate, variation of the 
Notes, and, subject thereto, which: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then current Loss Absorption Regulations 
in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments;

--- Page 90 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(B) 
provide for the same Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates or (as applicable) 
Reset Notes Interest Payment Dates from time to time applying to the Notes; 
(C) 
rank pari passu with the Notes; 
(D) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of 
any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the Notes, including (without 
limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; 
(E) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest or 
other amounts which have not been paid; 
(F) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral (provided 
that this paragraph (F) shall not preclude the inclusion of any provision analogous 
to Condition 13(d)); and 
(G) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down 
or conversion to ordinary shares (provided that this paragraph (G) shall not 
preclude the inclusion of any provision analogous to Condition 13(d)); 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange commonly used in debt capital 
markets transactions in the international capital markets if the Notes were listed on such a 
stock exchange immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
(iii) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from a 
Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation and such rating was 
solicited by or on behalf of the Issuer, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or 
announced its intention to ascribe, a published rating to the relevant Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes equal to or higher than (A) the solicited published rating of the Notes 
from the Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (B) where 
the solicited published rating of the Notes was, as a result of Condition 13(d) becoming 
ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the 
solicited published rating of the Notes from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
amendment, save that this proviso shall not prevent any changes being made to the 
governing law of Condition 13(d) where such changes are needed to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 13(d). 
Any change to the governing law of Condition 13(d) in order to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 13(d) shall, of itself, be deemed for the purposes of (i) above not to be 
materially less favourable to an investor. 
a "Loss Absorption Disqualification Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of 
any amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application 
or interpretation of any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or 
after the Reference Date and not being reasonably foreseeable at the Reference Date, the entire 
principal amount of the Notes or any part thereof, is (as determined by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Regulator), or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) is likely to be, excluded from 
the Issuer's and/or the Group's minimum requirements for (i) own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the 
relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
shall not occur (a) where the relevant exclusion is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum 
requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer 
and/or the Group on the Reference Date; or (b) where the relevant exclusion is as a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of liabilities of the Issuer that may qualify as (i) own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments, of the Issuer or the Group; 
"Loss Absorption Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of Portugal, the Relevant Regulator

--- Page 91 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in 
Portugal and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any applicable delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory 
technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by any Relevant Regulator 
from time to time (whether such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the 
applicable Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent Bank) of 
a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based 
on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent Bank); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, where the Specified Currency is euro, 
EURIBOR; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination 
Date, all as determined by the Agent Bank; 
"Notes" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or, 
if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) determined 
and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of Condition 3(k); 
"Par Call Notes" means any Notes in respect of which: (i) Issuer Call is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) any Optional Redemption Amount is specified as

--- Page 92 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
being an amount per Specified Denomination equal to the Specified Denomination (such Optional 
Redemption Amount, the "Par Call Amount"); 
"Par Call Notes Redemption Date" means an Optional Redemption Date on which the Notes may 
be redeemed at the Par Call Amount; 
"Paying Agents" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Portuguese Paying Agent" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Principal Paying Agent" has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) and its 
successors and any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to 
time by the Issuer; 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall 
be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(B) if the Issuer obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Rate will be 
determined by the Issuer; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond 
Price; 
"Reference Date" means the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the latest date (if any) on which any 
further Notes have been issued pursuant to Condition 11; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Agent Bank, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Agent Bank by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer; 
"Regulatory Permission" means, in relation to any action, such notice, regulatory permission 
(and/or, as appropriate, consent, approval or waiver) as is required therefor under prevailing Loss 
Absorption Regulations (if any);

--- Page 93 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and Additional Amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
"Relevant Date" means (i) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer in 
a Winding-Up of the Issuer, the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full 
of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is 
duly given to the Holders that such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made, 
and (ii) in respect of a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a Winding-Up of the Issuer, the date which 
is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the Winding-
Up; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments 
made by it of principal and/or interest on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Regulator" means the Bank of Portugal, the Single Resolution Board, the European 
Central Bank or such other authority having primary supervisory authority with respect to 
prudential and/or resolution matters concerning the Issuer and/or the Group, as may be relevant in 
the context and circumstances; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Maturity Date or, in the case of 
any Par Call Notes, the next occurring Par Call Notes Redemption Date, determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset Date 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(b) if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate;

--- Page 94 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer other than Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any unsecured senior non-preferred obligations of the 
Issuer with the ranking foreseen under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by 
Portuguese law, rank pari passu with unsecured senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer with 
the ranking foreseen under Article 8-A; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) 
the implementation of the BRRD (including but not limited to the General Framework for Credit 
Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral das Instituções de Crédito e Sociedades 
Financeiras), established by Decree-Law No. 298/92 of December 1992, as amended or 
superseded (including by any banking activity code that may enter into force)) into Portuguese law 
and Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 1093/2010 (as amended, notably by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period); 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Agent Bank on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) 
from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such 
calculation to be made by the Agent Bank)); 
"Subsidiary" means any entity of which the Issuer, from time to time (i) owns, directly or 
indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of ownership, or (ii) owns or 
is able to exercise, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights, or (iii) has the 
right to appoint the majority of the members of the board of directors; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which T2 is operating; 
"Tax Event" is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(i) 
in making any payments on the Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next 
payment date be required to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in respect 
of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of such deduction is 
materially reduced; or

--- Page 95 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not able to have losses or deductions set against the profits or gains, or profits 
or gains offset by the losses or deductions, of companies with which it is or would 
otherwise be so grouped for applicable Portuguese tax purposes (whether under the tax 
grouping system current as at the date of issue of the Notes or any similar system or 
systems having like effect as may from time to time exist), 
and, in any such case, the Issuer could not avoid the foregoing by taking measures reasonably 
available to it; 
"Tax Law Change" means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which such Relevant Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws, including a decision of any court or tribunal, 
or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for a position 
with respect to such laws or regulations that differs from the previously generally accepted position 
in relation to similar transactions or which differs from any specific written statements made by a 
tax authority regarding the anticipated tax treatment of the Notes, which change or amendment 
becomes public or becomes effective on or after the Reference Date and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Reference Date; 
"Winding-Up" means: 
(i) 
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation have previously been approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution 
and do not provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance 
with these Conditions); or 
(ii) 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in 
paragraph (i) of this definition is commenced in respect of the Issuer, including any bank 
insolvency procedure or bank administration procedure pursuant to the General 
Framework for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral das Instituções 
de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras), established by Decree-Law No. 298/92 of 
December 1992, as amended or superseded (including by any banking activity code that 
may enter into force). 
For the avoidance of doubt, Winding-Up does not include a resolution or a moratorium of the Issuer under 
any instrument implementing the BRRD in Portugal.

--- Page 96 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM 
General 
Interbolsa registers securities through a centralised system ('sistema centralizado') composed of 
interconnected Securities Accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held 
and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held 
and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the 
controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The CVM, managed and operated by Interbolsa, provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
rights carried by the Notes, except for information and voting rights. 
The CVM will comprise, inter alia, (i) the issue account, opened by the Issuer in the CVM and which 
reflects the full amount of issued securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the Affiliate 
Members (as defined below) of Interbolsa, and which reflect the securities held by such Affiliate Member 
by or on behalf of holders in individual Securities Accounts. 
The Notes will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") through the 
codification system of Interbolsa. The Notes will be accepted and registered with CVM and settled by 
Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form and title thereto will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese securities code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted 
by Decree-Law No. 486/99 of 13 November 1999 (as amended and restated from time to time) (the 
"Portuguese Securities Code") and the applicable CMVM and Interbolsa regulations. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with the CVM 
and will be also recorded in control accounts by each Affiliate Member (as defined below) of Interbolsa. 
Such control accounts reflect at all times the outstanding amount of the Notes held in the individual 
Securities Accounts opened with each of the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Where used in this Base 
Prospectus, the expression "Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary 
entitled to hold control accounts with the CVM and includes any banks or financial intermediaries 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding individual Securities 
Accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the Securities Accounts established in an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having 
title to the Notes shall be treated as the Holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be subject to Portuguese laws and regulations, 
notably the regulations from time to time issued and applied by the CMVM and by Interbolsa. 
The Issuer must give Interbolsa advance notice of all payments and provide all necessary information for 
that purpose. 
Prior to any payment, the Portuguese Paying Agent shall provide Interbolsa with a statement of acceptance 
of its role of Portuguese Paying Agent. 
Interbolsa must notify the Portuguese Paying Agent of the amounts to be settled, which will be determined 
by Interbolsa on the basis of the account balances of the control accounts of each relevant Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa. 
Whilst the Notes are recorded at the CVM, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
(a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese Paying Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current account which the Portuguese Paying Agent has 
indicated to, and has been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Portuguese Paying Agent's behalf for 
payments in respect of the Notes to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable

--- Page 97 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts 
with the CVM are credited with such Notes and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the Holders of those Notes 
or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Notes 
The Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa 
and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. No Holder will be able to 
transfer the Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 98 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Group or 
in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, an amount 
equal to the net proceeds is intended to be used to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets in accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes 
In relation to any issuance of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, the Issuer's Green, Social 
and Sustainability Framework and the Second Party Opinion provided by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings 
will be available on the Issuer's website at: https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-en/debt-
issuances/green-social-and-sustainable-framework and https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-
en/debt-issuances/second-party-opinion respectively. 
Where a series of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will 
annually publish on its website allocation and impact reports that provide, among other things, the total 
amount of Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes issued, the total amount of the net proceeds 
allocated to the portfolio by eligible category and the balance (if any) of unallocated proceeds, as well as 
impact reporting on, where feasible, information on the environmental and social impacts of the Eligible 
Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Framework and the Second Party Opinion are subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced or withdrawn from time to time.  Potential 
investors in Notes issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes should access the latest 
version of the relevant document on the Issuer's website.  
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green, Social and Sustainability Framework or the Second Party 
Opinion are, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Assets 
The Issuer intends that Eligible Green Assets financed or refinanced by any Green Notes or Sustainability 
Notes will belong to the following categories: 
(i) 
Renewable energy - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at enablers 
manufacturing, electricity generation and/or transmission, distribution and storage of 
renewable energy and hydrogen. 
(ii) 
Green buildings - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at construction 
of new buildings or renovation of existing, enablers manufacturing and/or installation, 
maintenance and repair of equipments, instruments and devices. 
(iii) 
Clean mobility - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at enablers 
manufacturing, passengers transport, Freight transport, Personal mobility and/or 
infrastructure for mobility.  
(iv) 
Energy efficiency - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at enablers 
 
manufacturing and services. 
(v) 
Forest - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at afforestation, 
rehabilitation and restoration of forests as well as forest management. 
(vi) 
Productive land use - loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at climate-
smart agriculture, regenerative agriculture and/or adoption of innovation and technologies.

--- Page 99 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Eligible Social Assets 
The Issuer intends that Eligible Social Assets financed or refinanced by any Social Notes or Sustainability 
Notes will belong to the following categories: 
(i) 
Access to Essential Services -   loans and/or investments to (re)finance activities aimed at 
healthcare, education, social and affordable housing; 
(ii)  
Territorial socioeconomic development and protection - loans and/or investments to 
(re)finance activities aimed at underprivileged regions and regions impacted by crises; 
and/or 
(iii) 
Socioeconomic Advancement and Empowerment -  loans and/or investments to (re)finance 
activities aimed at microfinance, promoting equality and inclusion and/or non-profit 
organizations. 
Management of Proceeds 
The Issuer's Financial and Treasury team will manage the net proceeds of the Green Notes, Social Notes 
and/or Sustainability Notes issued under the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework in a 
portfolio approach. An amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be deposited in the Issuer's general 
account and allocated to the portfolio in alignment with the eligibility criteria set out in the Use of Proceeds 
section and the selection process described in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework. 
On best effort basis, the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of its Green 
Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes within 36 months following the issuance of such Notes. It 
is the Issuer's intention to maintain a portfolio that matches or exceeds the balance of the net proceeds from 
the outstanding Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes issued. An internal tracking system 
will be established to help with such monitoring. The Issuer will publish an annual Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond report on its corporate website, detailing the allocation of the net proceeds of the Notes. 
The Issuer will replace any loan that no longer aligns with the eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Framework or, in case of asset divestment, with other projects that are compliant 
with the eligibility criteria expressed in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Framework. The 
unallocated proceeds (if any) will be held in the bank’s treasury and invested according to its internal 
policies, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments and whenever possible meeting the Issuer's 
Sustainable Development Goals criteria. 
Reporting 
The Issuer will provide investors allocation and impact reports on an annual basis until the net proceeds of 
the relevant Green Notes, Social Notes and/or Sustainability Notes have been fully allocated. Such reporting 
will be publicly available on the Investor Relations section of the Issuer's website.

--- Page 100 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The Issuer, a limited liability cooperative ("cooperativa de responsabilidade limitada") operating under the 
commercial name Caixa Central, was incorporated on 20 June 1984 (and registered in the Lisbon 
Commercial Office on 10 September 1984) and forms part of the Group. The Group is a cooperative 
financial group composed of the Issuer, its Associated Caixas (67 associated Caixas de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútuo, each a local cooperative credit institution operating in a designated geographic area set according 
to applicable law), as well as its Affiliated Companies (certain life insurance, non-life insurance and asset 
management companies and ancillary service companies of the Group). 
The Group is governed both by the provisions in the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial 
Companies enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as amended (the "RGICSF") and the 
provisions in its own legal regime, the Legal Regime for Mutual Agricultural Credit and Agricultural Credit 
Cooperatives, enacted by Decree-Law no. 24/91, of 11 January, as amended (the "RJCAM"), as well as 
the Portuguese Cooperative Code, enacted by Law 119/2015, of 31 August, as amended (the "Cooperative 
Code"). See "Legislation regulating the activity of the Group" below for further details. Under the terms of 
the RJCAM, the combination of the Issuer and its Associated Caixas is referred to, under the terms of the 
RJCAM, as the Integrated System of Crédito Agrícola Mútuo (the "SICAM"), with the Issuer acting as the 
central body that, among other aspects, is empowered to guide, monitor, oversee and supervise its 
associates. 
As an integral part of the Group, the SICAM is the lynchpin, being recognised in the market through the 
registered trademark "Crédito Agrícola", under which the products and services it provides are advertised 
and marketed, and through which the Issuer and the Associated Caixas are known to their depositors and 
customers. 
The current 67 Associated Caixas hold the entirety of the share capital of the Issuer and indirectly hold the 
Affiliated Companies that are part of the Group. 
The Affiliated Companies are engaged in activities that are supplementary or ancillary to those of the Issuer 
and its Associated Caixas, notably insurance activities in the life business and non-life business, asset 
management, investment in venture capital, holding and management of the Group's assets, provision of 
information technology and other shared services, amongst others (please see "Description of the Issuer 
and of the Group – Group Companies"). 
Overall, the Group is a financial group with cooperative roots in the local banks (Associated Caixas). By 
virtue of having nation-wide coverage and being fully owned by national capital, the Group has, as of 30 
September 2024, more than 406,000 members (associates of the Associated Caixas), more than 1.6 million 
customers and 614 branches distributed throughout the national territory (comprising the largest banking 
branch network in Portugal). The legal framework for "Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo" was first 
established in 1911, with an initial focus on supporting the financing of farmers in Portugal and, over the 
years, has expanded its scope to support other economic sectors and extended its activities. 
The Group is focused on the retail market with a universal offer providing a full range of financial products 
and services. These include solutions for the day-to-day management of customers through digital channels, 
financing products for the different needs of individual and corporate customers, as well as savings or 
investment products such as deposits, mutual funds and capitalisation insurance or insurance to protect 
customers and their assets. 
The Group's strategic intent is to promote long-term sustainable development within local communities and 
enhance its cooperative values. To fulfil its mission and to enhance sustainable growth, the Group defined 
its six strategic priorities, namely to: (i) become a benchmark for sustainability, resilience and Portugality; 
(ii) enhance the focus on the customers and their needs; (iii) evolve in personal and digital proximity to the 
customers; (iv) drive efficiency and productivity accelerating digital transformation; (v) promote a culture 
of talent attraction, development and retention; and (vi) maintain the Group capitalised and financially 
sustainable. 
The Group has committed to promoting the sustainable development of the communities in which it 
operates with the formalisation of its Sustainability Policy, which reflects its social and environmental

--- Page 101 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
concerns and presents a set of commitments on sustainable finance. In 2020, the Group formalised its 
Sustainability Policy based on five primary Sustainable Development Goals (the "SDGs"), namely: (i) 
decent work and economic growth; (ii) reduce inequalities; (iii) sustainable cities and communities; (iv) 
responsible consumption and production; and (v) climate action. 
On 30 September 2024, the Group's total assets reached €26,568 million. Its total loans and advances 
portfolio (gross) to customers amounted to €12,235 million and customer deposits totaled €21,232 million. 
According to CRD IV/CRR rules, as of 30 September 2024, the Group's common equity tier 1 ("CET1") 
and total capital ratio were 24.2 per cent. (including net income for the period), the leverage ratio was 10.1 
per cent. and the liquidity coverage level ("LCR") was 400.6 per cent., all above the recommended 
minimum thresholds. 
The Issuer is registered with the Commercial Registry Office under the sole commercial registration and 
tax identification number 501 464 301, and its registered offices are located at Rua Castilho, no. 233 – 
233A, 1099-004 Lisbon, Portugal, with telephone number +351 213 809 900 and website 
www.creditoagricola.pt. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 529900H2MBEC07BLTB26. 
The Group operates notably under the Portuguese Companies Code enacted by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 
September, as amended (the "Portuguese Companies Code"), the RGICSF, the RJCAM, as well as the 
Cooperative Code. See "Legislation regulating the activity of the Group" below for further details. 
MAIN CONSOLIDATED INDICATORS OF THE GROUP 
 
As at and for the year or nine months 
ended 
 
 
Consolidated indicators of the Group 
31 
December 
2023 
30 
September 
2023 
30 
September 
2024 
∆ Abs. 
Sep-
24/Sep-23 
∆% 
Sep-
24/Sep-23 
Amounts in million euros, except for percentages 
(audited) 
(unaudited 
and not 
reviewed) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited and not 
reviewed) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Assets ......................................................  
25,302 
25,315 
26,568 
1,253 
4.9% 
Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to 
customers .........................................................  
12,059 
12,000 
12,235 
235 
2.0% 
of which: Loans to companies and public 
administration (gross) ...................................  
7,132 
6,999 
7,376 
377 
5.4% 
Loans and advances to customers (net) ............  
11,669 
11,578 
11,856 
278 
2.4% 
Total customer’ funds .......................................  
22,165 
22,043 
23,463 
1,420 
6.4% 
Customer funds on the balance sheet ............  
20,004 
19,889 
21,232 
1,343 
6.8% 
Off-balance sheet funds ................................  
2,161 
2,154 
2,230 
77 
3.6% 
Accumulated impairment and provisions .........  
596 
618 
575 
-42 
-6.8% 
of which: Accumulated impairment of credit  
389 
422 
379 
-43 
-10.2% 
Total Equity......................................................  
2,438 
2,347 
2,776 
429 
18.3% 
Profit and loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income...........................................  
749 
537 
593 
56 
10.5% 
Income from insurance contracts ..................  
91 
70 
72 
2 
2.5% 
Net fees and commissions ................................  
153 
109 
113 
4 
3.9% 
Net trading income ...........................................  
29 
13 
25 
12 
93.1% 
Other net operating income ..............................  
-13 
-6 
-1 
6 
-87.5% 
Operating income .............................................  
1,008 
722 
802 
80 
11.0% 
Operating costs .................................................  
-421 
-311 
-331 
-21 
6.7% 
Impairment and provisions for the period .........  
-129 
-72 
-8 
63 
-88.4% 
Consolidated net income ..................................  
297 
225 
347 
122 
54.4% 
Profitability ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost-to-income .................................................  
41.8% 
43.0% 
41.3% 
-1.7 p.p. 
Return on assets (ROA) ....................................  
1.2% 
1.2% 
1.8% 
0.6 p.p. 
Return on equity (ROE) ...................................  
13.1% 
13.5% 
17.8% 
4.3p.p. 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
RWA density ....................................................  
43.4% 
41.3% 
41.6% 
0.3 p.p. 
CET 1 capital ratio l ..........................................  
22.3% 
21.6% 
24.2% 
2.6 p.p. 
Total capital ratio 1 ...........................................  
22.3% 
21.6% 
24.2% 
2.6 p.p. 
Leverage ratio 1 ................................................  
9.7% 
8.9% 
10.1% 
1.2 p.p. 
Loan to deposit ratio 2 ......................................  
58.3% 
58.2% 
55.8% 
-2.4 p.p. 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) 3 ...................  
388.5% 
n.a. 
400.6% 
n.a. 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 3 ...............  
166.2% 
n.a. 
180.5% 
n.a.

--- Page 102 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
As at and for the year or nine months 
ended 
 
 
Consolidated indicators of the Group 
31 
December 
2023 
30 
September 
2023 
30 
September 
2024 
∆ Abs. 
Sep-
24/Sep-23 
∆% 
Sep-
24/Sep-23 
Amounts in million euros, except for percentages 
(audited) 
(unaudited 
and not 
reviewed) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited and not 
reviewed) 
MREL TREA Ratio 1 .....................................  
27.5% 
27.1% 
29.4% 
2.3 p.p. 
Quality of assets ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
NPL stock .........................................................  
729 
731 
720 
-10 
-1.4% 
NPL ratio 4 ........................................................  
6.2% 
6.3% 
6.1% 
-0.2 p.p. 
NPL coverage by NPL impairments .................  
38.0% 
40.5% 
38.7% 
-1.8 p.p. 
NPL coverage by NPL impairments and 
collaterals .........................................................  
140.1% 
139.2% 
144.3% 
5.1 p.p. 
NPL coverage by NPL impairments and 
collaterals (FINREP) 5 ......................................  
89.4% 
89:6% 
89.1% 
-0.5 p.p. 
Texas ratio6 ......................................................  
29.9% 
30.9% 
27.2% 
-3.7 p.p. 
Cost of risk7 ................................................  
0.77% 
0.63% 
0.05% 
-0.58 p.p. 
Other Indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
# of employees .................................................  
4 136 
4 129 
4 283 
154 
3.7% 
# of bank branches............................................  
618 
618 
614 
-4 
-0.6% 
 ________________  
(1) The ratio incorporates the net income for the period. 
(2) Ratio calculated pursuant to the Bank of Portugal Instruction No. 23/2012. Determined by the ratio between net credit to customers 
and customers deposits. 
(3) In 2H24, the need for adjusting criteria for the classification of enterprise customers, operations and cash flow calculations was 
identified, which resulted in a material reduction of the LCR ratio with reference to September 2024. Therefore, the recalculated 
ratio for the period of December 2023 is also presented. 
(4) Ratio calculated pursuant to the Bank of Portugal Instruction No. 20/2019. 
(5) Applying haircuts and recovery costs, limited by the exposure of the contract. 
(6) Determined by the ratio: NPL/ (Tangible common equity + Stock of impairments). 
(7) The numerator refers to the cost of the period; the denominator refers to the balance at the end of the period (Total Loans and 
advances portfolio (gross) to customers in the period). 
 
Note: Information based on reported values. 
RATINGS 
The Issuer's current baseline credit assessment rating ("BCA") is Baa2, reflecting Moody's view on the 
creditworthiness of the Group and its cooperative model enshrined in law. The BCA rating is complemented 
by deposits ratings of Baa1/P2, Counterparty Risk Rating (CRR) of A3/Prime-2 and Long-Term Senior 
Unsecured of Baa3. 
Moody´s 
November 2024 (last rating action) 
Intrinsic  
 
Outlook 
Stable 
Counterparty Risk Rating (CRR) 
A3/P-2 
Bank Deposits 
Baa1/P-2 
Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) 
Baa2 
Adjusted Baseline Credit Assessment 
Baa2 
Counterparty Risk Assessment (CR) 
A2(cr)/Prime-1(cr) 
Senior Unsecured Notes 
Baa3 
 
COOPERATIVE MODEL OF THE GROUP AND SICAM 
The cooperative and mutualist nature of the relationship between the SICAM and the Group is based on a 
mechanism of reciprocal solidarity. 
As provided for in Article 78 of the RJCAM, the Issuer fully guarantees the obligations assumed by the 
Associated Caixas (even if such obligations derive from facts which occurred before such entities became 
associates of the Issuer), under the terms of which the guarantor ("fiador") guarantees the bondsman's

--- Page 103 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
obligations ("afiançado"), and, notably, without the benefit of prior execution ("benefício da excusão") 
(i.e., the Issuer may not oppose foreclosure of its assets for payment of guaranteed obligations, even if the 
assets of the relevant Associated Caixa have not yet been fully foreclosed). 
In turn, under Article 80 of the RJCAM, the Issuer has the right to demand from its Associated Caixas an 
increase of the Issuer's share capital up to an amount corresponding to the Issuer's then-current share capital 
if it is in a situation of "financial imbalance, translated, notably, in the reduction of own funds to a level 
below the legal minimum or in non-compliance with the ratios and prudential limits that apply to it". 
For further details on the cooperative model of the Group and the reciprocal solidarity mechanism, see the 
risk factor entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer's business – Risks related to the cooperative nature of the 
Group" in the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. 
Notwithstanding the SICAM's solidarity system, the Group also has separate autonomous assets under the 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo Assistance Fund (the "FACAM"), which provides financial assistance to the 
Associated Caixas and ensures the SICAM's robustness and sustainability at all times. FACAM is an 
association, membership of which is strictly limited to the Issuer and its Associated Caixas. FACAM's 
assets, mainly cash, are to be used exclusively for the purposes of providing financial aid to any of its 
members that may require it in order to restore its liquidity and/or solvency, essentially by means of loans. 
Should the FACAM be dissolved and its assets liquidated, such assets shall revert to its members. 
The FACAM arose from the transformation into an association governed by private law of the former 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo Guarantee Fund (the "FGCAM"), a legal person under public law, endowed with 
administrative and financial autonomy that, operating together with the Bank of Portugal, provided a 
deposit guarantee to all of the SICAM's depositor customers and, likewise, in relation to the financial 
assistance of the credit institutions included therein. This transformation was determined by Decree-Law 
106/2019 of 12 August, which entered into force on 1 January 2020, and was executed on 8 January 2021. 
With the enforcement of the legislation mentioned above and the transformation of the FGCAM into the 
current FACAM, the deposit guarantee of the SICAM was henceforth provided by the DGF, of which the 
Issuer and its Associated Caixas henceforth became stakeholders under the same circumstances as the 
entities in the rest of the banking system. 
In turn, the range of assistance of the credit institutions included in the SICAM was henceforth provided 
by the FACAM, which is governed by its own Articles of Association and Internal Regulations. 
The Articles of Association and Internal Regulations of the FACAM establish, in terms of its governance, 
the existence of (i) a General Meeting composed of all the members (all the Credit Institutions that are part 
of SICAM (the Associated Caixas)), (ii) the corresponding Board of the General Meeting, composed of 
three members (which elect natural persons as representatives), (iii) a Steering Board ("Conselho 
Diretivo"), also composed of three independent members with adequate qualifications, and (iv) an Audit 
Board ("Comissão de Fiscalização") composed of three members, the majority of which must be 
independent, and one of which must have adequate qualifications and knowledge in accounting and/or 
auditing. All of the FACAM's governing and statutory bodies are supported by the structures and services 
of the Issuer, where its registered office is located. 
GROUP COMPANIES 
The following entities, all of which are Affiliated Companies, are also part of the Group: 
• 
Federação Nacional das Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo, FCRL ("FENACAM"), whose 
corporate object consists of the representation and development of the Associated Caixas, 
strengthening the spirit of solidarity and cooperation between the associates, as well as the 
promotion, coordination and conduct of activities of common interest to them, and especially: (i) 
representation of the Associated Caixas and regional unions of their associates before any national, 
foreign or international entities in the exercise and defence of the rights and interests of the 
associates; and (ii) promotion of cooperativism within the Group; 
• 
Crédito Agrícola S.G.P.S., S.A. and Crédito Agrícola Seguros e Pensões S.G.P.S., whose object is 
the management of equity holdings in other Group companies;

--- Page 104 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
• 
The insurance companies Crédito Agrícola Seguros, S.A. and Crédito Agrícola Vida, S.A., 
dedicated to insurance activity in all non-life technical segments (except for the air, credit and 
surety segments) and in the life segment, respectively; 
• 
Crédito Agrícola Serviços – Centro de Serviços Partilhados – ACE, whose object is the provision 
of information technology, operational, technical and management services in a manner 
complementing the individual and group activities of its Group members; 
• 
Crédito Agrícola Informática – Serviços de Informática, S.A., essentially dedicated to the provision 
of information technology services, including consulting on matters such as selection of software 
and hardware, developing and supporting the development of applications, data processing, staff 
training and provision of consulting services in organisation and management, as well as the 
marketing and management of information technology equipment and products; 
• 
Crédito Agrícola GEST – SGOIC, S.A. ("CA Gest"), whose main activity is the management of 
collective investment undertakings. It also carries out the activity of discretionary and 
individualised management of portfolios on behalf of others and consultancy for investments in 
securities. In 2019, it took up the management of Real Estate Investment Funds; 
• 
Crédito Agrícola Imóveis Unipessoal, Lda., whose object is the holding, management and 
administration of real estate properties and the purchase of real estate properties for resale; 
• 
CCCAM - Gestão de Investimentos e Consultoria, Unipessoal, Lda. (CCCAM GI) is a company 
fully owned by Group Crédito Agrícola, whose mission is to invest and manage equity ownerships 
and participations in funds, in accordance with the Group's strategy and guidelines, including 
startups that contribute to technological innovation and transformation in the industries of financial 
services, agribusiness and sustainability, providing also strategic and financial advisory services to 
the CA Group. 
• 
Associação – Fundo de Assistência do Crédito Agrícola Mútuo ("FACAM"), whose object is to 
adopt and implement recovery and assistance measures for associates experiencing financial 
difficulties in terms of liquidity or solvency, as well as the other procedures set out in its internal 
regulations. 
The Group also includes the real estate investment funds "FEIIF Imovalor CA" and "FEIIA CA Imobiliário" 
and the bond investment fund "FIMF CA Institucionais", managed by CA Gest.

--- Page 105 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Group 
The following diagram summarises the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December 2023 and as at 30 September 2024: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SICAM 
Caixa Central CRL 
(Head of the Group) 
FACAM 
3 
CA SGPS 
4 
100% 
100% 
CA Seguros e Pensões 
SGPS 
CA Gest SGOIC 
3 
20,13% 
4 
79,85% 
3 
1,77% 
0,03% 
97,37% 
98,18% 
100% 
CA Imóveis Lda 
3 
100% 
CCCAM Gestão de 
Investimentos Lda 
3 
100% 
CA Informática 
3 
79,20% 
20,25% 
CA Serviços 
4,05% 
3,98% 
18,93% 
73,04% 
FENACAM
1
2,53% 
FIAI Aberto 
CA Imobiliário 
99,92% 
FIAI Fechado 
ImovalorCA 
32,26% 
67,74% 
Insurance Business 
Asset Management 
REO & Recovery Funds 
IT/IS & Shared Services 
CA Vida 
3 
RNA SA
2; 3
CA Seguros 
3 
20% 
FIM AOFSP 
CA Institucionais 
3 
45% 
45% 
10% 
(1) FENACAM holds 97,45% of its share capital. (2) Statutory consolidation through the equity method. (3) Excluded from the prudential perimeter. (4) Consolidation for prudential purposes 
through the equity method. 
Date: 30/09/2024 
Caixas Associadas 
(67 local cooperative banks)

--- Page 106 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
General information 
So far as the Group is aware, there are no arrangements in place, the operation of which may result in a 
change of control of the Group. 
The Group has made no material investments since the date of the last published financial statements and 
the Group has not made relevant firm commitments on future investments. 
There have been no recent events particular to the Group which are, to a material extent, relevant to the 
evaluation of the Group's solvency. 
The Issuer is not aware of any contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of its business which 
could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations to Holders of the Notes. 
The current 67 Associated Caixas hold the entirety of the share capital of the Issuer and indirectly hold the 
Affiliated Companies that are part of the Group. The Group, where the Issuer acts as the central body, is 
not dependent upon Affiliated Companies; however, activities developed by the Affiliated Companies have 
an impact on the Group. 
Legislation regulating the activity of the Group 
The Group is governed by European Union rules, banking and commercial Portuguese laws on limited 
liability companies (sociedades anónimas) – notably by the Portuguese Companies Code – and, in 
particular, by the RGICSF, the RJCAM and the Cooperative Code, by the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) and other complementary legislation. 
In general terms, the activity of credit institutions within the Group is subject to the supervision of Bank of 
Portugal. Group entities are subject to the supervision of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission 
(Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) as financial intermediaries and, if applicable, as issuers. 
The members of the SICAM are also subject to the supervision of the Portuguese Insurance and Pension 
Funds Supervisory Authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões (ASF)), where 
acting as insurance agents for the insurance companies within the Group.

--- Page 107 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
STRATEGY 
Historic milestones 
In Portugal, cooperative banking is represented by the Group with its secular history of contributing to society and the national economy. The Group continuously strives to 
achieve its mission, fostering the development of local communities and the Portuguese diaspora. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
cooperative credit law is 
created 
1896 
The first agricultural 
1911 
Creation of 
Co-operative 
Model 
1929 
Loans to farming activities 
under 
control of 
1976  
After the April Revolution 
in 1974 
Cooperative sector was enshrined in the 
Portuguese Constitution. All private 
Portuguese financial institutions were 
nationalized, except for: 
1978 
to support and represent the 
interests of its members 
Creation of 
1982 
Autonomy 
    +  
Creation of new local 
banks 
1984 
to become the financial 
head of the Group 
Caixa Central is founded 
1991 
Caixa Central 
acts with the mission of 
supervision. guidance and 
financial representation of 
SICAM 
The international 
business activity 
1992 
Beginning of 
(…)-1994 
Caixa Central 
broadens its scope of activities 
(universal bank) and invests in 
other businesses to provide 
universal financial services 
2011 
Crédito Agrícola 
celebrates its 
100th anniversary  
2013-2015 
Reorganization of Crédito 
Agrícola  
As part of a corporate strategy 
to reinforce the Group’s 
business and positioning in 
Portugal and abroad 
2016-2019 
Opening of 1
st CA branch in 
Madeira (2016)  
Digital strategy: Launch of moey! 
2020-2021 
2021-2024 
New governance model (EBA GL 
11 & 12) 
Response to COVID crisis (2020) 
Sustainability, Circular Economy and ESG 
principles assumed as Mission critical (2020) 
Establishment of the Group’s Green. Social 
and Sustainable Bond Framework (2021) 
1
st  MREL binding requirements 
communication (2021) 
1
st rating by Moody’s (2021) upgrade 
investment grade (2023) 
1
st debt issuance in international markets  
(2021) 
ESG Rating by nalytic (20 GCA has one of the 
lowest ESG Risk rating in Portugal (ESG Risk: 
20)

--- Page 108 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Mission, vision and values of the Group 
The Group's core values include: 
• 
community development; 
• 
cooperative values; 
• 
customer centricity; 
• 
innovation and sustainability; and 
• 
simplicity, trust, proximity and soundness. 
The Group's mission is to be the driver for the economic and social development of local communities, 
through purposeful, proximity and sustainable banking, promoting long-term relationships with customers 
and contributing to the fulfilment of their financial and protection needs and expectations. 
The Group's vision is to be recognised as a benchmark in inclusion, sustainability and innovation in the 
Portuguese financial market among members, customers, regulatory bodies, partners, employees and other 
stakeholders. The Group has further updated its vision to include the aim of being recognised as the 
benchmark financial group in sustainability issues in the domestic market. 
In an environment of constant change and increasing exposure to risks, fragilities and social and 
environmental challenges, the Group has reinvented itself and mobilised to strengthen its role in society as 
a driver of economic growth and employment and as a source of technology and innovation. 
Strategic pillars for 2023-2025 
In order to realise the ambition and purpose of the Group regarding sustainability matters, the strategic 
pillars for the three-year period 2023-2025 were revisited. This resulted in a list of six strategic pillars that 
are mobilising, differentiating, forward-looking and in line with the Group's vision and mission: 
• 
to become a benchmark for sustainability and resilience in Portugal; 
• 
enhance the focus on the customers and their needs; 
• 
evolve in personal and digital proximity to customers; 
• 
drive efficiency and productivity, accelerating digital transformation; 
• 
promote a culture of talent attraction, promotion and retention; and 
• 
maintain the Group capitalised and financially sustainable. 
Strategic Goals 
Strategic goals 
2022 
2023 
Sep.2024 
Mid-Long 
Term Target  
Sustainability 
% Green and social loans in total customers loans (gross)  
13.1% 
15.2% 
15.4% 
> 20.0% 
# Hours of Training per Employee ....................................  
64 
40 
44 
75 
Underrepresented gender in leadership roles .....................  
26.7% 
29.4% 
30.4% 
50.0% 
Business Growth  
 
 
 
 
Loans Market Share ..........................................................  
5,65% 
5,79% 
5,82% 
> 6.00% 
Position in Net Promoter Score (NPS) Ranking1 ........................  
n.a. 
#2 
n.a. 
Top 3 
Loyal Customers2 ..............................................................  
n.a. 
14.0% 
14.8% 
16.5% 
% Digital Financial Transactions3 .....................................  
n.a. 
85.6% 
87.7% 
> 90.0% 
% Digital Customers4 ........................................................  
n.a. 
51.2% 
52.8% 
> 57.5% 
Profitability & Soundness  
 
 
 
 
ROE ..................................................................................  
4.3% 
13.1% 
17.8% 
> 8.0% 
Cost-to-Income ..................................................................  
70.0% 
41.8% 
41.3% 
< 55.0%

--- Page 109 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Strategic goals 
2022 
2023 
Sep.2024 
Mid-Long 
Term Target  
CET15 ................................................................................  
19.9% 
22.3% 
24.2% 
> 20.0% 
NPL Ratio .........................................................................  
5.1% 
6.2% 
6.1% 
< 4.0% 
# Local Banks ....................................................................  
71 
68 
67 
< 60 
 ________________  
(1) Source: BASEF Banca. NPS calculated as: (promoters - detractors)/total repçies. Promoters (>=9) and Detractors (<=6) on a scale 
of 0 to 10. In 2023, The CA Group ranked #2 out of a total of 12 banks, with 37.4%. 
(2) A loyal customer corresponds to an individual customer with salary domiciliation at the end of each period and with product 
ownership of at least 3 out of 21 other product families: sight deposits, term deposits and savings, mortgages, consumer loans, 
credit card accounts, corporate accounts, liquidity loans, investment loans, other loans, leasing, investment funds, real estate 
investment funds, capitalization insurance, risk insurance, non-life insurance, debit cards, share capital, online, mobile, direct 
debits, pension funds. 
(3) Calculated as the number of financial transactions in the CA Online, CA Mobile, B24 and moey! digital channels / financial 
transactions in branches and in the CA Online, CA Mobile, B24 and moey! digital channels, both including individual and 
enterprise channels. 
(4) Digital customers refers to individual and enterprise customers with active subscriptions of digital channels, including moey!. 
(5) Incorporates Net Income for the period. 
Sustainable finance 
The Group's vision is to "become a reference for inclusion, sustainability and innovation, maintaining its 
recognition as the Financial Group trusted by the Portuguese". In order to achieve this recognition, its 
mission is to "contribute to the economic and social progress of the regions, practising proximity banking, 
with purpose and sustainability". 
This relationship is established on the basis of the Group's four cooperative values: 
• 
Solidity: the Group shall be a highly financially sound Group 
• 
Proximity: the Group fosters a close relationship with customers and local communities 
• 
Trust: the Group guarantees a professional and personalised service based on trust and transparency, 
with high ethical standards 
• 
Simplicity: the Group values simplicity and efficiency in its processes in order to continuously 
improve the customer experience 
Sustainability 
In 2020, the Group formalised its Sustainability Policy, recognising that "Sustainability for the Group 
means promoting the sustainable development of local communities, through a set of financial products 
that support Clients to reduce their negative environmental and social impacts, as well as to identify new 
business opportunities that are greener, more circular and more respectful of human dignity". 
This policy was created on the basis of the five Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) which were 
identified as priorities for the Group, and so all the commitments made, and activities undertaken are 
designed to make a positive contribution to these five SDGs: 
• 
decent work and economic growth; 
• 
reduced inequalities; 
• 
sustainable cities and communities; 
• 
responsible consumption and production; and 
• 
climate action. 
The policy reinforces the ambition that the Group be recognised as the benchmark in sustainability in the 
domestic market. To this end, a set of commitments were adopted that guide the Group's current and future 
performance as a financial entity and that should be incorporated into its corporate culture. Some of these 
commitments are: 
• 
to integrate the issue of sustainability as part of the Group's fiduciary duties;

--- Page 110 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
• 
to integrate environmental, social and governance criteria in financing and investment analyses; 
• 
to create financial products that contribute to lower environmental impact and foster the green and 
circular economy; 
• 
to support customers with information and knowledge so that they can adopt consumption practices 
with lower environmental impacts; 
• 
to be an active voice in the promotion of sustainability practices together with civil society, the 
business sector, the State and supranational organisations; 
• 
to raise awareness of sustainability issues among employees, customers and civil society; 
• 
to terminate relationships with customers and partners that do not comply with the spirit of the 
Group's Sustainability Policy; 
• 
to define a list of sectors and activities for which the Group will not provide financial services; and 
• 
to implement these commitments, working groups have been set up to incorporate sustainability 
across the board in the Group: 
• 
Taxonomy Group; 
• 
Sustainable Financial Products Group; 
• 
Carbon Neutrality Group; 
• 
Sustainable Agencies Group; 
• 
Technology and Information Group; 
• 
Human Capital Group; and 
• 
Repositioning and Image Group. 
On the basis of the Sustainability Policy and the five priority SDGs, the Group has established a 
Sustainability Action Plan with well-defined activities (such as the establishment and publication of the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Framework) and timelines to achieve the following: improve green 
financial products available to clients; increase knowledge about environmental and climate risks and 
opportunities amongst employees and commercial areas; reduce the Group's carbon footprint; incorporate 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
"EU Taxonomy") in the processes; information technology and culture of the Group; adapt internal policies 
in accordance with the Sustainability Policy; and anticipate future regulations by following the international 
agenda. 
In addition, the Group endorsed the Lisbon Green Capital Commitment, which highlights its contribution 
to the ambition of attaining a 60 per cent. reduction in CO2 emissions by 2030, achieving carbon neutrality 
by 2050, and cooperating towards resilience in relation to climate change. 
In 2020, the Group joined the "Act4nature" initiative, whose main objective is to mobilise and encourage 
companies to protect, promote and restore biodiversity and ecosystem services. In addition to endorsing 10 
common commitments, a further set of individual commitments was proposed in order to contribute to 
enhancing the ambition to preserve biodiversity. 
Environmental 
Within the Group, the environmental component of the Group's Sustainability Policy has had two main 
areas of focus: 
• 
the quantification of the Group's CO2 emissions, to enable it to set out its ambition for carbon 
neutrality; and

--- Page 111 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
• 
the identification of criteria enabling the Group to understand how its customers are aligned with 
European environmental objectives, which are beginning to be incorporated into regulations 
directed at the financial sector. The Taxonomy Regulation was published on 22 June 2020 and 
came into force on 12 July 2020, producing effects regarding the use of criteria applicable to 
environmentally sustainable economic activities and transparency duties regarding the disclosure 
of information in non-financial statements, with the Group working in advance on the next step of 
the regulation, which came into force in January 2022 and concerns objectives related to climate 
change mitigation and adaptation. This topic was followed up on by the Taxonomy and Sustainable 
Financial Products working groups. 
In terms of the Group's emissions and impact, some examples of implemented measures include 
replacement of conventional lamps with LED lamps, motion detectors in offices and meeting rooms, 
installed timed water flow taps, eradication of paper invoices and documents, charging stations for electric 
vehicles, bicycle parking racks and a Zero Plastic internal campaign including replacing all plastic 
consumables with recycled or recyclable ones. 
The Group supported the largest sustainability event in Portugal, the Planetiers World Gathering, where the 
challenges that society and the environment face in the long term were presented and debated. The Group 
strengthened its support for this event by holding two debates on "Innovation for a more sustainable future" 
and on "Sustainable banking and young people's expectations". 
New contents linked to sustainability and decarbonisation were introduced in the seminar "Minute of 
Economics", with the aim of raising financial and environmental literacy amongst the Portuguese 
population. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN 2024 
Performance of the Group for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 
 
For the nine months until 
 
 
 
September 
2023 
September 
2024 
∆ Abs. 
∆% 
 
(unaudited 
and not 
reviewed) 
(unaudited) 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT – Selected 
Financial Information 
In million euros 
 
Net Interest Income .............................................................. 
537 
593 
56 
10.5% 
Insurance contracts results .................................................... 
70 
72 
2 
2.5% 
Net fees and commissions .................................................... 
109 
113 
4 
3.9% 
Net trading income ............................................................... 
13 
25 
12 
93.1% 
Other net operating income .................................................. 
-6 
-1 
6 
-87.5% 
Operating income ................................................................. 
722 
802 
80 
11.0% 
Operating costs ..................................................................... 
-311 
-331 
-21 
6.7% 
Impairment and provisions for the period ............................. 
-72 
-8 
63 
-88.3% 
Profit or (-) Loss for the year attributable to owners of the 
parent company .................................................................... 
225 
347 
122 
54.4% 
 
On 30 September 2024, the return on equity of 17.8 per cent., achieved by the Group, reflects the results 
achieved by the different components of the Group (CCAM, the Issuer, life and non-life insurance 
companies, management of assets and investment funds), including the positive contributions of the 
insurance business (€7.4 million from CA Vida and €7.2 million from CA Seguros). 
The evolution of operating income as at 30 September 2024, which entailed an increase of €80 million 
compared with 30 September 2023, resulted from the growth of net interest income in the amount of €56 
million (10.5 per cent.), and from the net trading income which registered an increase of €12 million, as 
well as an increase of €4 million in net fees and commissions. 
The insurance contracts results increased by €2 million to €72 million as at 30 September 2024 (2.5 per 
cent). 
The increase in operating costs of €21 million compared with 30 September 2023 and the increase in 
operating income determined an improvement of 175 b.p. in the cost-to-income ratio that, with reference 
to 30 September 2024, stood at 41.3 per cent.

--- Page 112 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Impairment and provisions for the third quarter of 2024 amounted to €8 million, showing a decrease of €63 
million when compared with the same period of 2023, translating into a cost of credit risk of 0.05 per cent. 
The results recorded in the real estate divestment segment (notably via investment units devaluation and 
CA Imóveis net result) in September 2024 had a negative impact on consolidated income by deducting €3.4 
million, with a favourable reduction of €8.4 million when compared with €11.8 million in the same period 
of 2023. 
Balance sheet of the Group 
 
As at 
December 
2023 
As at 
September 
2023 
As at 
September 
2024 
Δ Abs. 
Dec23/
Sep24 
Δ% 
Dec23/
Sep24 
 
(audited) 
(unaudited 
and not 
reviewed) 
(unaudited) 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet – Selected Financial 
Information 
In million euros 
 
Total assets ............................................................................  
25,302 
25,235 
26,568 
1 266 
5.0% 
Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to customers ......  
12,059 
12,000 
12,235 
176 
1.5% 
of which: Loans to companies and public administration 
(gross) ............................................................................  
7,132 
6,999 
7,376 
244 
3.4% 
Loans and advances to customers (net) .................................  
11,669 
11,578 
11,856 
187 
1.6% 
Total customer' funds ............................................................  
22,165 
22,043 
23,463 
1,298 
5.9% 
Customer funds on the balance sheet ..............................  
20,004 
19,889 
21,232 
1,228 
6.1% 
Off-balance sheet customer funds ..................................  
2,161 
2,154 
2,230 
69 
3.2% 
Accumulated impairment and provisions ..............................  
596 
618 
575 
-21 
-3.5% 
of which: Accumulated impairment of credit .................  
389 
422 
379 
-10 
-2.7% 
Total Equity ..........................................................................  
2,438 
2,271 
2,776 
339 
13.9% 
 
On 30 September 2024, the total loans and advances portfolio (gross) to customers of the Group amounted 
to €12,235 million, an increase of 1.5 per cent. in the last nine months. 
On 30 September 2024, total customer's funds amounted to €23,463 million, showing a rise of 5.9 per cent. 
compared with December 2023 corresponding to an increase of €1,298 million. This increase in resources, 
higher than the increase in loans and advances to customers (net), contributed to the increase in the loan to 
deposit ratio, which at the end of the period amounted to 55.8 per cent. 
Quality of the Group's loan portfolio 
In terms of the quality of the loan portfolio of the Group, the gross ratio of Non-Performing Loans ("NPL"), 
according to Instruction 22/2021, in September 2024 stood at 6.1 per cent. compared with the 6.2 per cent. 
registered at the end of 2023. 
The accumulated Non-Performing Loans impairments with reference to the end of September 2024 
amounted to €279 million, a value that gives a level of NPL coverage by NPL impairments of 38.7 per cent. 
and an NPL coverage by NPL impairments and collateral ("FINREP") of 89.1 per cent. (or a ratio of 144.3 
per cent. not taking into consideration haircuts, costs and the exposure limit per contract). The Texas ratio, 
determined by the ratio between the NPL stock and the sum of the tangible common equity with the stock 
of impairments (loss reserves), reached 27.2 per cent. 
Group solvency, leverage and liquidity 
According to CRD IV/CRR rules, the Group, as at 30 September 2024, has a comfortable level of solvency, 
embodied by the common equity tier 1 ("CET1") and total capital ratios of 24.2 per cent. (including net 
income for the period), a leverage ratio of 10.1 per cent. and an LCR of 400.6 per cent., all of which are 
above the recommended minimum thresholds. 
External recognition 
The Issuer has a Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) rating of baa2. The BCA rating is complemented by 
the Baa1/P2 deposit rating, Counterparty Risk Rating (CRR) of A3/Prime-2, Counterparty Risk Assessment 
of A2(cr)/Prime-2(cr), all investment grade.

--- Page 113 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
In July 2024, the Issuer was ranked by magazine The Banker, a part of the Financial Times Group, as the 
"Best performing bank in Portugal", based on indicators such as growth, asset quality, liquidity and 
soundness. The magazine's "Top 1000 World Banks" ranking is considered a benchmark for the analysis 
of banks on a global, national and regional level. This award represents a significant milestone for the 
Issuer, highlighting its performance and capacity for sustainable growth. 
According to the most recent banking services satisfaction survey by Deco Proteste, which took place 
between December 2023 and January 2024, an annual ranking of customer satisfaction with banking 
institutions and services, moey! is the leader in the sight deposit accounts category and the Issuer is placed 
second in mortgage loans. 
The Issuer was elected by "Escolha do Consumidor 2023" (Consumer Choice 2023) as the best bank, in the 
Category of Small and Medium-Sized Banks, ranking in the first place in 8 of the 10 categories under 
assessment, for the second year running. 
According to the Behavioural Supervision Report, issued by Banco de Portugal, relative to the year of 2023, 
the Issuer stood out in the ranking of national banks with the fewest complaints. Indeed, it was the institution 
with the second fewest complaints concerning demand deposits (0.17 complaints per 1000 current accounts, 
compared to the banking system average of 0.37), the second institution with fewest complaints in mortgage 
loans (1.18 complaints per 1000 consumer credit contracts, compared to the banking system average of 
2.53), and standing out in consumer loans with 0.36 complaints per 1000 contracts, compared to the banking 
system average of 0.59. 
CA Seguros was identified as the insurer with the fewest Motor Insurance claims in 2023, in the Report on 
Regulation and Supervision of Market Conduct published by ASF - Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros 
e Fundos de Pensões (Portuguese Insurance and Pension Funds Supervision Authority), with 0.12 
complaints per 1000 insured vehicles, compared to an average of 1.01 for the market as a whole. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Business model 
The Group provides its customers with a universal offer, embodied in a comprehensive range of financial 
products and services, including solutions for day-to day management, loans for corporate and individual 
customers, saving and investment products, and capitalisation and protection insurance for customers and 
their assets.

--- Page 114 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1)
Excludes Financial Institutions and Public Sector | Source: Bank of Portugal. BP Stat 
(2)
Market considers loans to Non-financial corporation from NACE Agriculture and Fishing 
Crédito Agrícola’s market shares (September 2024) 
7.1% 
Loans and Deposits 
4
8.0% 
Deposits 
3.2% 
Individuals 
10.2%  
Non-Financial 
Corporations
1 
1.0% 
Life insurance 
2.7% 
Non-life insurance 
14.5% 
Micro 
5.8%  
SME 
4.6% 
Corporate 
31.4% in 
agriculture and 
fishing
2 
5.8% 
Loans to customers 
+0.1 p.p. 
(∆YoY) 
+0.1 p.p. 
(∆YoY) 
+0.6p.p. 
(∆YoY) 
 -0.2 p.p. 
(∆YoY) 
+0.0 p.p. 
(∆YoY) 
Source: ASF 
Source: ASF 
18.6% 
Branch Network 
11.7% 
ATM 
Source: APB 
8.7%  
POS 
Source: APB 
Source: BP Stat 
Dez.2023 
Dec.2023 
Dec.2023
Sep.2024 
Sep.2024 
+0.3p.p. 
(∆YoY)

--- Page 115 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
In the context of its business model, seeking to adjust its offer to the specific profile and needs of each 
segment, the Issuer serves its customers, whether individual or corporate, in a segmented form. 
The Group's business model is underpinned by the sustainability and solidarity of the 67 Caixas de Crédito 
Agrícola Mútuo, which differentiates the Issuer from all other financial institutions at a national level, 
particularly due to the fact that one of its primary objectives is contributing to the development of local and 
regional communities, with the Issuer being the only Portuguese financial institution in which: 
• 
the profit generated by each Associated Caixa is distributed or reinvested in the same region; 
• 
the deposits are applied in financing projects in the region of the depositors; 
• 
the majority of the employees are recruited locally; 
• 
albeit with a central framework, as a rule, decision-making is decentralised or arises from an 
interactive process between Caixa Central and the Associated Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo.

--- Page 116 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Business model of the Crédito Agrícola Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(*) managed by Square Asset Management (**) managed by IM Gestão de Ativos, SGFI, SA 
Business Model of Crédito Agrícola Group 
•
Asset Management 
•
Life Insurance 
•
Pension funds 
•
Non-Life Insurance 
•
Loans and Deposits 
•
Placement of other P&S 
•
Loans and Deposits 
•
Electronic means of payment 
•
International business 
•
Stock exchange/markets 
•
Central financial services 
ENTITIES 
SCOPE OF OFFERING 
DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS 
END CUSTOMER 
67 Associated Caixas 
Caixa Central 
•
614 branches 
•
2 corporate 
centers 
•
Individuals 
•
Companies / Institutions 
•
FII * 
•
FIM ** 
Grupo CA
•
Businesses and entrepreneurs 
External Entity 
CA Mobile Particulares e 
Empresas 
moey! 
App CA Teen

--- Page 117 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
One of the intrinsic features of the Issuer is the close relationship with its customers, entailing an ongoing 
effort to simplify the subscription processes of the most relevant products, aimed at providing a superior 
experience. The Issuer's comprehensive range of financial products and services is provided through its 
presence in the field at a national level, via the most extensive branch network among the banks operating 
in Portugal, a network of automated teller machines (ATM) at approximately 1,600 sites, the permanent 
telephone helplines, and the digital banking channels which continued to show notable growth in 2023. 
Business development of the Group 
The Group's planning and commercial dynamics are interactive processes between the Issuer and the 
Associated Caixas, without losing the autonomy that characterises the latter. 
This model seeks greater alignment between the competitive positioning sought by the Group and its value 
propositions with the formulation of commercial policies and marketing strategy, where business goals are 
set and incentives are allocated, according to priority segments, taking into account the profitability 
generated per product and the importance to the Group's strategy as guidance. 
Additionally, complying with GDPR requirements, the Group leverages sound analytical methodologies 
and processes in order to align customers' perceived needs and/or expectations with the Group's offering or 
services. 
Digital banking 
Despite the leadership in terms of physical presence in Portugal, the Group's proximity to its customers, 
both individual and corporate, is also underpinned by its digital, non-face-to-face, channels, enabling 
permanent access to the Issuer's products and services. By providing this digital focus on the transactional 
needs of the customers, the commercial network can be released to concentrate on activities with a higher 
degree of personalisation and value added, such as appropriate financial counselling, establishing a 
relationship of greater quality and relevance with the customers. 
In 2023, the digital channels maintained a strong growth trend very similar to that observed in 2022, 
demonstrating that the customers' behaviour, influenced by the technological evolution and dissemination, 
concerning how they access their panoply of financial services, are entirely structural, despite having been 
fast-tracked by the circumstances of the pandemic period. This continuous growth is observed not only in 
terms of the number of users of the CA Online and CA Mobile platforms, but also in the intensity of their 
use, with a progressively higher number of transactions and a growing predominance of the mobile channel. 
It should also be highlighted that, via the accelerated and irreversible digital transformation that has covered 
almost all sectors of the economy, the growth of the use of digital channels online by the corporate segment 
has outperformed the growth of the individual customer segment, while the opposite trend continues to be 
observed in the mobile channel. 
Digital banking solution, mobile-only ("moey!") 
The app moey!, a 100 per cent. digital banking solution of the Group, was launched in the summer of 2019, 
with the following strategic objectives: i) rejuvenation of the Group's customer base; ii) increased market 
share in the main urban centres; and, iii) digital transformation of the Group. 
2023 was moey!'s fourth full year of activity, and the strategy implemented led to a continuous increase in 
the volume of accounts opened, which grew by more than 38,000 accounts compared to the end of 2022, 
not forgetting the alignment with the defined target audience (young people, located in the main urban 
centres), which remained above 80 per cent., a target achieved since 2021. 
The transactional level has continued to evolve positively, with the number of transactions, total and per 
user, increasing by 55 per cent. and 38 per cent. respectively, compared to the previous year. With regard 
to the total balance of deposit accounts, both the total amount and the balance per user have increased in 
comparison to 2022 by 21 per cent. and 8 per cent., respectively. 
In 2023, the Pets Insurance product was launched, offering comprehensive coverage that includes 
reimbursement of medical expenses, civil liability, an annual vaccine, medical support and services at 
home, as well as access to an extensive network of partners. The policy can be subscribed to entirely through 
a digital process on the app.

--- Page 118 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
International presence 
The Group's presence outside Portugal, through the Representation Offices located in Geneva, Luxembourg 
and Paris, have continued to be crucial in supporting both the Portuguese community and the local 
community, especially at the corporate segment level, and the business community, and in promoting the 
business ventures of customers of the Group. 
Special mention is also made of the institutional representation abroad, performed by the Group's 
Representation Offices, in Embassies, Consulates, Chambers of Commerce, Business Associations and 
Associative Movements representing local communities. 
Activity of the Group 
Banking activity 
Evolution of the customers and members base 
The Group's customer portfolio continued its previous growth trend in 2024, with the total number of 
customers as primary holders of a demand deposit account surpassing 1.6 million, as of 30 September 2024. 
Growth in relation to 2023 was 2.4 per cent. and accumulated growth in the last three years was 14.5 per 
cent. 
In the Individuals macro-segment, the number of customers increased approximately 2,3 per cent. compared 
to 2023, and in the last three years the accumulated growth was approximately 15.0 per cent., reaching 
approximately 1.46 million customers by 30 September 2024. 
The number of customers in the Companies and Sole Proprietorships macro-segment also grew to close to 
169,000. The growth as at 30 September 2024 compared to the previous year was about 3.1 per cent., and 
the accumulated increase in the last three years is about 10.6 per cent. 
The Members macro-segment recorded a decrease of about 0.3 per cent. in 30 September 2024 compared 
to 2023. The Group had approximately 407,000 members as of 30 September 2024. 
Evolution of the loan portfolio 
In 2023, the SICAM's total loans and advances portfolio (gross) to customers increased by 0.5 per cent. in 
relation to the previous year, rising from 12,077 in 2022 to 12,137 in 2023, due to a growth of 3.3 per cent. 
in loans to companies, more than offsetting the 4.2 per cent. decrease in loans to individuals. In September 
2024, the SICAM's loan portfolio increased 1.4 per cent. when compared with December 2023, mainly 
influenced by a 1.5 per cent decrease observed in loans to individuals and a 2.9 per cent. increase observed 
in loans to companies. 
As at 31 December 2023, Group's non-performing loans totaled €729 million, corresponding to a ratio of 
6.2 per cent. to total exposure, which compares with 5.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (measured on 
the basis of Instruction 22/2021 of Bank of Portugal). In September 2024, the SICAM's non-performing 
loans ratio decreased by 0.1 percentage points, resulting in a ratio of 6.1 per cent.  
 
2022 
2023 
September 2024 
Δ % 23/Sep 24 
LOANS TO CUSTOMERS 
(Unaudited and not reviewed) 
 
Million euros, except % 
Individuals 
4,457 
4,268 
4,204 
-1.5% 
Mortgage loans ...................................................  
3,510 
3,389 
3,357 
-1.0% 
Consumer loans ..................................................  
553 
555 
567 
2.1% 
Other loans .........................................................  
395 
324 
280 
-13.6% 
Companies 
7,619 
7,868 
8,100 
2.9% 
Investment loans.................................................  
3,596 
3,935 
4,205 
6.9% 
Liquidity loans ...................................................  
1,100 
1,157 
1,196 
3.4% 
Other loans .........................................................  
2,923 
2,776 
2,699 
-2.8% 
Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to 
customer ....................................................................  
12,077 
12,137 
12,304 
1.4% 
Intragroup loans ........................................................  
95 
78 
69 
-11.9% 
Total Loans and advances portfolio (gross) to 
customer (Group consolidated) 
11,982 
12,059 
12,235 
1.5% 
Market share ..............................................................  
5.65% 
5.79% 
5.81% 
0.03 p.p.

--- Page 119 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 ________________  
* 
Ratio calculated according to the Bank of Portugal Instruction No. 22/2021. 
** Includes off-balance sheet credit lines, off-balance sheet underwriting agreements and off-balance sheet authorised overdrafts. 
*** Includes guarantees and sureties provided and import documentary credit, and excludes assets given as guarantee, namely credit 
and securities, in the Eurosystem. 
Companies 
In the corporate segment, as noted above, there was an increase of 3.3 per cent in 2023, resulting mainly 
from the increase of €339 million (9.4 per cent.) in investment loans. 
Loans granted by SICAM in September 2024 particularly increased in transport, storage and energy, with 
increases of 25.6 per cent. and 27.0 per cent., respectively. Loans granted increase is mainly related with 
the real estate activities and accommodation and restaurants sectors increase 8.5 per cent. (€86 million) and 
8.2 per cent. (€46 million), respectively. 
Economic activity 
Total Credit CA 
Var. YoY CA 
Weight % CA 
Real Estate Activities .......................... 
1,104 
8.5% 
13.6% 
Trade ................................................... 
1,031 
1.5% 
12.7% 
Agriculture and Fisheries .................... 
986 
-0.4% 
12.2% 
Manufacturing Industries .................... 
883 
1.9% 
10.9% 
of which: Agro-industry ...................... 
358 
1.6% 
4.4% 
Public administration........................... 
614 
-2.5% 
7.6% 
Accommodation and Restaurants ........ 
675 
7.3% 
8.3% 
Construction ........................................ 
544 
8.2% 
6.7% 
Health and Social Support ................... 
358 
3.0% 
4.4% 
Transport and Storage ......................... 
195 
25.6% 
2.4% 
Water and Sanitation ........................... 
121 
0.1% 
1.5% 
Energy ................................................. 
102 
27.0% 
1.3% 
Mining Industries ................................ 
43 
87.9% 
0.5% 
Other ................................................... 
1,446 
-3.0% 
17.9% 
of which: Financial institutions ........... 
348 
13.3% 
4.3% 
Total ................................................... 
8,100 
2.9% 
100.0% 
Total excluding financial institutions 
and public sector ................................. 
7,486 
3.0% 
n.a. 
 
Concerning credit concentration, the sectors of Real Estate accounts for 13.6 per cent of total loans, Trade 
accounts for 12.7 per cent of total loans, Agriculture and Fisheries accounts for 12.2 per cent of total loans, 
and Manufacturing accounts for 10.9 per cent of total loans, with Agroindustry accounting for around 40.6 
per cent of this activity. In contrast, the exposure of the Group to companies in the construction sector is, 
in relative terms, lower than that observed in the market (6.7 per cent. versus 8.7 per cent.), reflecting a 
market share of 8,7 per cent. (Source: Internal calculation based on BPStat figures). 
Individuals 
In the individuals segment, the Issuer's annual decrease of 4.2 per cent in 2023 was greater than the 1.1 per 
cent of the market as a whole, and as a result its market share fell from 3.5 to 3.3 per cent. The main 
contribution to the reduction in loans to Individuals came from mortgage loans (-3.4 per cent, or €121 
million), while consumer credit grew (+0.4 per cent, or €2 million), albeit only slightly, and were also 
penalised by a decrease of 18.0 per cent (or €71 million) in loans for other purposes. It is important to note 
that, in 2023, the decline seen in mortgage loans is explained by the 65.1 per cent increase of prepayments 
and settlements in comparison to the previous year, which was not offset by the amount of new operations 
of mortgage loans granted (-30.2 per cent), mainly linked to the trend of families using savings to anticipate 
repayment (partial or total) of their loans, as a response to greater financing costs arising from the context 
of higher interest rates, and benefitting from the waiver of prepayment fees (total or partial) in variable rate 
mortgage loans (within the scope of Decree-Law no. 80-A from November 2022, currently in force). 
In September 2024, the loan portfolio decreased by €65 million in relation to December 2023, reflecting 
the decrease of €76 million in mortgage and other loans, of which a decrease of €32 million was concerned 
only with mortgage loans, and the increase of €12 million in consumer credit. 
Evolution of deposits and other funds 
In 2023, the Issuer's customer deposits recorded a negative year-on-year change of 1.9 per cent, reaching a 
total value of €20,004 million, resulting from the combination of a 5.2 per cent increase in term deposits

--- Page 120 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
(€10,544 million) and a 8.9 per cent decrease in demand deposits (to €9,459 million). Time deposits 
accounted for 53 per cent of total deposits at the end of 2023, compared to 49 per cent in the same period 
of the previous year. The negative variation in the Issuer's customer deposits was, however, less than the 
decline in the market as a whole, which enabled it to improve its market share by 0.05 per cent to 8.02 per 
cent, compared to 7.97 per cent in December 2022. 
Between December 2023 and September 2024, the maintenance of higher market deposit remuneration 
rates, alongside the context of decreasing inflation and increasing real income, resulted in a positive year-
to-date change of 6.1 per cent, reaching a total value of Customer Deposits of €21,232 million, resulting 
from the combination of a 9.8 per cent increase in term deposits and savings (€11,573 million) and a 2.1 
per cent increase in demand deposits (to €9,659 million). The remuneration rates applied were justified by 
the influx of savers to Series E Savings Certificates with a more attractive rate (capped at 3.5 per cent.), 
which led to a transfer of funds from bank deposits to Savings Certificates in the national banking market 
in 2023, causing an increase in bank deposit remuneration rates by the sector in the last months of 2023, 
that were maintained in 2024. In September 2024 time deposits accounted for 55 per cent of total deposits, 
which correspond to an increase of 2 basis point in comparison with December 2023. The market share also 
improved from December 2023 by 0.03 per cent to 8.05 percent. 
Customer Deposits (million euros) 
CUSTOMER 
DEPOSITS 
2022 
2023 
Septembe
r 2024 
Abs. Δ 
22/23 
Δ% 22/23 
Abs. Δ 
23/Sep24 
Δ % 
23/Sep24 
 
(Unaudited and not reviewed) 
 
Million euros, except % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand Deposits ........... 
10,380 
9,459 
9,659 
-920 
-8.9% 
200 
2.1% 
Term Deposits and 
Savings ........................... 
10,018 
10,544 
11,573 
526 
5.2% 
1,029 
9.8% 
TOTAL ......................... 
20,398 
20,004 
21,232 
-394 
-1.9% 
1,228 
6.1% 
 
Concerning off-balance sheet funds, the Group recorded an increase of 8.2 per cent. to stand at €2,161 
million in 2023, caused by the 8.0 per cent. increase recorded in real estate funds (€88 million) and by the 
23.5 per cent. increase, equivalent to a €75 million growth, in securities investment funds. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET 
FUNDS OF CRÉDITO 
AGRÍCOLA 
2022 
2023 
Sep 
2024 
Abs. Δ 
22/23 
Δ % 
22/23 
Abs. Δ 
23/Sep24 
Δ % 
23/Sep24 
(Unaudited and not reviewed) 
Million euros, except % 
 
Investment Funds .................... 
1,415 
1,578 
1,688 
163 
11.5% 
110 
7.0% 
Securities (FIM and FEI) ..... 
318 
393 
446 
75 
23.5% 
53 
13.5% 
Real estate ........................... 
1,097 
1,185 
1,242 
88 
8.0% 
57 
4.8% 
of which: retail ................. 
1,067 
1,153 
1,208 
86 
8.1% 
55 
4.8% 
of which: institutional ...... 
31 
32 
34 
2 
5.5% 
2 
5.0% 
Capitalisation insurance1 ......... 
601 
602 
562 
1 
0.1% 
-40 
-6.6% 
TOTAL including CA Group 
companies ............................ 
2,016 
2,180 
2,250 
164 
8.1% 
70 
3.2% 
of which: FIM – OICVM2 
(Group Companies) ............. 
18 
19 
20 
1 
0.1% 
1 
3.5% 
TOTAL .................................. 
1,998 
2,161 
2,230 
163 
8.2% 
69 
3.2% 
 ________________  
1 
Includes value of mathematical provisions and financial liabilities of insurance contracts considered for accounting purposes as 
insurance contracts, relative to the Associated Caixas of the SICAM. 
2 
Collective Investment Undertakings in Securities. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group registered an increase of 3.2 per cent. in the total off-balance sheet 
funds (excluding CA Group companies) amounting to €2,230 million (increase of €69 million), mainly due 
to the increase of 7.0 per cent. registered in the Group's investment funds (€110 million), partially mitigated 
by the decrease of 6.6 per cent in capitalisation insurance (-€40 million). 
The structure of customer funds naturally continued to show the dominant weight of term deposits, which 
accounted for 47.6 per cent. of the total funds entrusted to the Group at the end of 2023, an increase of 2.9 
basis points from the end of 2022. Although the simultaneous reduction in demand deposits and the increase

--- Page 121 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
in investment funds, decreased the total weight of deposits in the customer funds under management in 
2023 to 90.2 per cent. (-0.9 basis points in comparison with December 2022). 
In view of the negative evolution, in particular in demand deposits, not fully compensated by the increase 
in term deposits, the total value of customer funds managed by the Group recorded a reduction of 1.0 per 
cent. in relation to December 2022, having reached €22,165 million in December 2023 (-€232 million in 
comparison with the same period of the previous year). In September 2024, customer funds increased to 
€23,463 million, in line with market behavior. As of 30 September 2024 there was a slight increase in the 
deposits weight, reaching 90.5 per cent, a growth of 0.3 basis points compared with December 2023. The 
evolution in deposits was mainly due to the surge in the term deposits from €10,544 million in the end of 
2023 to €11,573 million in September 2024, which represents an increase of 1.7 percentage points in the 
weigh compared to 2023, accounting for 49.3 per cent. in the end of September 2024. 
CUSTOMER FUNDS 
UNDER MANAGEMENT 
OF CRÉDITO AGRÍCOLA 
2022 
2023 
Sep 2024 
2022 
2023 
Sep 2024 
(Unaudited and not reviewed) 
Million euros 
Structure (% total) 
Demand Deposits .....................  
10,380 
9,459 
9,659 
46.3% 
42.7% 
41.2% 
Term Deposits and Savings ......  
10,018 
10,544 
11,573 
44.7% 
47.6% 
49.3% 
Total Deposits .........................  
20,398 
20,004 
21,232 
91.1% 
90.2% 
90.5% 
Capitalisation Insurance ...........  
601 
602 
562 
2.7% 
2.7% 
2.4% 
Investment Funds1 ................................  
1,397 
1,559 
1,669 
6.2% 
7.0% 
7.1% 
Total Off-balance Sheet Funds .  
1,998 
2,161 
2,230 
8.9% 
9.8% 
9.5% 
TOTAL: ..................................  
22,396 
22,165 
23,463 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 ________________  
1 
Excludes collective investment undertakings in securities. 
Insurance activity 
Non-life insurance 
In 2023, the Non-Life insurance market grew in terms of gross premiums written, influenced by the level 
of inflation and the year-on-year growth of 10.2 per cent. even represented an acceleration when compared 
to 2022. Total non-life insurance production in 2023 thus amounted to €6,651 million, compared to €6,035 
million in 2022. 
It is noteworthy that the four non-life insurance lines showed a growth rate with the main driver of the 
increase in 2023, compared to 2022, once again being the accident and health insurance line, with an 
increase of 13.1 per cent. Specifically in the Work Accidents insurance business there was 11 per cent. 
growth of the gross written premiums, while the Sickness insurance business continues with a very 
favourable evolutionary profile (with an increase of 17 per cent.). This growth is explained by the increased 
total number of insured persons and the respective average premium, reflecting the strong demand for health 
protection solutions. 
The Motor business grew by 6.7 per cent., which was essentially underpinned by the growth of the average 
premium. The growth of the revenue of the Motor insurance business continued to be strongly influenced 
by the evolution recorded in the coverage of own damage. Insurance against fire and other damage grew 
by 10.1 per cent. in relation to 2022. 
Consequently, in the structure of the non-life portfolio of the market there was an increase in the weight of 
the Accident and Health branches (from 39.6 per cent. in 2022 to 40.6 per cent. in 2023), as well as a 
decrease in the relative weight of Motor branch (which accounted for 32.6 per cent. in 2022 and accounts 
for 31.5 per cent. in 2023). 
During 2023, the portfolio of valid policies held by CA Seguros grew by approximately 20,000 (+2.6 per 
cent), from 785,000 to 805,000. CA Seguros increased the number of customers with valid policies from 
440,000 to 450,000, with gross premiums earned reaching €162 million at the end of 2023, representing 
year-on-year growth of 6.7 per cent. 
These results attest to the good commercial performance throughout 2023, with growth of sales (new 
production) of around 10 per cent. compared to 2022, as a result of the initiatives to boost the commercial 
activity of the Associated Caixas in the distribution of non-life insurance products, as well as a more intense 
digital presence, from the point of view of greater awareness and also greater availability of CA Seguros 
products to consumers on the Group's digital channels. The overall claims rate stood at 51 per cent., a

--- Page 122 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
decrease of 0.6 basis point compared to 2022, partially explained by the lower occurrence of climatic events 
in 2023. 
In 2023, Profit or (-) Loss for the year amounted to €7.9 million, compared to €10.1 million in 2022, an 
evolution that reflected an increase in increased insurance contract expenses (the result of a prudent 
provisioning policy in all lines of business), as well as a reduction in the financial component and growth 
in non-attributable expenses. 
Financial investments increased by €5.0 million (+2.4 per cent. in relation to the end of 2022), although the 
weight of this heading in Total Assets fell from 81 per cent., to 77 per cent. in 2023. As in previous years, 
the company has maintained a prudent provisioning policy. Liabilities from insurance contracts stood at 
€165 million as at December 2023, an increase of 5.5 per cent. over 2022. Shareholders' equity amounted 
to €67.7 million, an increase of 14.4 per cent. year-on-year. 
The solvency capital requirement ratio of CA Seguros amounted to 167.3 per cent. at the end of 2023, 
compared to 165.9 per cent. in 2022, clearly above the minimum limit of 140 per cent. defined in its risk 
appetite. 
In September 2024, the Profit or (-) Loss for the year amounted to €7.2 million, 2.3 per cent. above the 
same period in 2023. The equity of CA Seguros increased by €1.2 million from the end of 2023, mainly 
related with the positive impact of €3.3 million in the revaluation reserves for fair value adjustments of 
financial assets, partially mitigated by the decrease of €2.0 million in the reserves for the financial 
component of insurance contracts. CA Seguros maintained a prudent policy in terms of the provisioning 
level, just as in previous years. Overall, the technical provisions amounted to the value of €168 million as 
at September 2024, having increased by 1.7 per cent. in relation to 2023. 
Life insurance 
Life insurance production in 2023 amounted to 5,159 million euros, compared to 6,021 million euros in 
2022. This significant year-on-year decrease, of 14.3 per cent. in 2023, follows an even more pronounced 
decline in 2022, of 22.1 per cent.. 
This negative performance was mainly due to the decrease in production of life insurance linked to 
investment funds, which fell by 52.8 per cent., especially in PPR (retirement saving plans), PPE (education 
saving plans) and PPR/E (retirement/education saving plans), with "PPR, PPE and PPR/E" products having 
fallen by 59.6 per cent., and the remaining products falling by 50.8 per cent. year-on-year. 
In the case of life insurance not linked to investment funds, CA Vida's main focus, there was the opposite 
trend, with year-on-year growth of 25.3 per cent., reflecting the positive performance of the "PPR, PPE and 
PPR/E" products, which grew by 21.6 per cent., and the other products, whose production volume increased 
by 26.8 per cent. compared to 2022. 
At the end of 2023, CA Vida had 293,198 valid life insurance policies and 35,132 pension fund contracts. 
The pension funds managed by CA Vida recorded a positive evolution in 2023, with the number of contracts 
and the value of the amounts under management growing by 8 per cent. Open-ended pension funds, which 
aim to finance individual or collective pension plans, are differentiated by the investment policy they adopt, 
according to the level of risk tolerated and the investment time horizon. 
In 2023, Profit or (-) Loss for the year amounted to €6.6 million, compared to a loss of €8.0 million in 2022. 
Total life insurance production amounted to €139 million, down 44 per cent. on the same period in 2022, 
accounting for the negative variation of 56.2 per cent. in terms of new production in the capitalisation 
products segment, due to the fact that the supply of this type of product was not available throughout the 
whole 2023, as was the case in 2022. CA Vida thus ended 2023 with a market share of 2.7 per cent. 
Shareholders' equity amounted to €156.3 million, an increase of 17.0 per cent. year-on-year, as the company 
the company maintained its objective of maintaining a policy of robust solvency ratios. The evolution was 
largely due to the result of the period and the variation observed in the revaluation reserve and the reserve 
for the financial component of insurance contracts, that reflected the evolution of financial markets. The 
solvency capital requirement ratio of CA Vida amounted to 202.2 per cent. at the end of 2023, compared 
to 181.5 per cent. in 2022. Liabilities from insurance contracts stood at €635 million as at December 2023, 
an increase of 3.7 per cent. over 2022.

--- Page 123 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
In September 2024, the Profit or (-) Loss for the year amounted to €7.4 million, 98.5 per cent. above the 
same period in 2023. The equity of CA Vida decreased by €2.2 million, mainly due to the decrease of €18.0 
million in the reserves for the financial component of insurance contracts, not fully compensated by the 
increase in retained earnings (inc. result of the period) of €5.0 million and the positive impact of €7.4 
million in the revaluation reserves for fair value adjustments of debt instruments measured at fair value 
through reserves. Similarly, the liabilities from insurance contracts amounted to the value of €612 million 
as at September 2024, having decreased by 3.8 per cent. in relation to the end of 2023. 
DEVELOPMENTS IN BANKING REGULATION 
Regulatory requirements 
Capital requirements: 
On 12 September 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision announced a new capital agreement 
on banking supervision known as Basel III, which revises most of the capital and liquidity minimum 
requirements. The Basel III framework sets out enhanced standards to strengthen financial institutions' 
capital base, improve risk management and governance, and increase transparency for market participants. 
It builds on the Basel II three-pillar architecture, according to which: (i) Pillar 1 (minimum prudential 
requirements) sets the binding minimum level of capital banks and investment firms need to face major 
risks; (ii) Pillar 2 (supervisory review) allows supervisors to evaluate institution-specific risks and impose 
additional capital charges to face them; (iii) Pillar 3 (market discipline) aims to increase transparency in 
banks' financial reporting allowing marketplace participants to better reward well-managed banks. 
CRD IV empowers the EBA to draw up regulatory technical standards that specify some of the aspects 
covered by the amended diplomas. Upon the respective adoption by the European Commission these norms 
are directly applicable under Portuguese law. Guidelines are subject to their adoption by the competent 
authority. 
Under the guidance of the SSM, the conclusions of the supervisory review take the form of prudential 
requirements (Pillar 2) being set to be held in excess of the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1). Banks 
are required to maintain a total capital requirement that includes CET1 instruments and other capital 
instruments and are also subject to the overall capital requirement that also includes the combined own 
funds buffer requirement. 
The supervision of internal models is based on current applicable EU and national law, including Regulation 
575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, on prudential 
requirements ("CRR"), the relevant regulatory technical standards of the EBA and EBA guidelines with 
which the ECB has announced its intention to comply. The Group follows the standard approach for 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk under the CRRII. This approach has several risks and 
limitations, namely: i) the use of fixed risk weights can lead to less precise risk assessments, not accurately 
reflecting the specific risk profile of each exposure; ii) less sensitivity to changes in economic and financial 
conditions; iii) this approach heavily relies on credit ratings provided by external rating agencies which 
may not be regularly updated; iv) limited effectiveness of the use of risk mitigation techniques as collateral 
and netting. Besides the impact on the amount of risk weighted assets (“RWA”), affecting the capital ratios 
of the Group, ongoing regulatory changes (eg. CRR III) create uncertainties for the institutions using the 
standard approach and can increase operational and administrative costs. The revised regulatory framework 
of Basel III was implemented in the EU through the adoption of the CRR and Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, on access to the activity of credit 
institutions on prudential requirements ("CRD IV"). The CRD IV package is comprised of a directive (CRD 
IV) governing the access to banking activity, and the CRR, establishing how to calculate the amount of 
capital that banks and investment firms must set aside; it also lays down requirements on reporting and 
liquidity. 
The CRR is directly applicable to Member States since January 2014 and includes the following provisions 
in addition to the minimum capital requirement for CET1 capital of 4.5 per cent. of RWA, of 6 per cent. 
for Tier 1 capital ratio and the total capital ratio of 8.0 per cent.: 
(i) 
an additional capital conservation ratio requirement of 2.5 per cent. over common equity; 
(ii) 
a countercyclical capital buffer, which will be between 0.0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. of RWA with 
the ability to absorb losses as a function of the credit cycle subject to its application by national

--- Page 124 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
supervisory authorities. In Portugal, at its most recent revision, pursuant to the decision of the Bank 
of Portugal of 27 September 2022, the countercyclical buffer rate is at 0.00 per cent. of the total 
risk exposure amount, with effect from 1 October 2022 for the fourth quarter of 2022; 
(iii) 
a systemic risk buffer and a buffer for other systemically important institutions; and 
(iv) 
the leverage ratio of 3.0 per cent. 
On 23 November 2014, Decree-Law No. 157/2014, of 24 October 2014, entered into force, amending the 
Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, and implementing CRD IV and CRR at 
domestic level. 
On 1 January 2018, Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, entered into force, amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements for mitigating 
the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment of certain 
public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State. 
The banking package approved by the Council in May 2019 implements further material elements of the 
Basel III framework (Basel IV), which was finalised on December 2017, by the way of amendments to the 
CRR ("CRR II") and CRD IV ("CRD V"), the BRRD ("BRRD II") and Council Regulation (EU) No 
1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies 
relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation"). 
This legislative package includes revised rules on calculating capital requirements for market risk, 
("Fundamental review of the trading book"), introduction of a binding leverage ratio and a binding net 
stability funding ratio ("NSFR") and streamlining Pillar 2 capital requirements. This legislative package 
also adjusts the MREL. The above Regulations and Directives entered into force on 27 June 2019. The 
amendments to the CRR are to be applied for the first time two years after entry into force (subject to certain 
earlier applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 and 
the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments), while the new CRD V rules are to be applied 18 
months after entry into force, with application immediately thereafter. Member States shall adopt and 
publish the measures necessary to comply with the Directives. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020, which contains 
amendments to the CRR in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, brought forward the application dates for 
certain reforms introduced by the CRR, such as the exemption of certain software assets from capital 
deductions, specific treatment envisaged for certain loans backed by pensions or salaries, as well as small 
and medium-sized enterprises and infrastructure supporting factors. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision reached an agreement on the remaining 
Basel III reforms ("Basel IV"). Basel IV, which paves the way for CRR III and CRD VI as they are to be 
transposed to European law, aims at reducing excessive variability of RWA. The agreed reforms address 
the following topics: 
• 
improvement of the standardised approaches for credit risk; 
• 
constraints to the use of internal models: banks may, for example, for their exposures to large and 
mid-sized corporates no longer use own estimates for two parameters (the loss-given-default and 
exposure at default) but rather use fixed values instead. Moreover, after the reform, internal ratings-
based approaches will no longer be allowed for exposures to equities; 
• 
improvement of the operational risk framework: current approaches are replaced with a single risk-
sensitive standardised approach to be used by all banks; internal models will no longer be allowed 
to address losses that stem from misconduct, inadequate systems and controls, etc.; 
• 
introduction of a different output floor set at 72.5 per cent. introducing a limit to the regulatory 
capital benefits that a bank using internal models can derive compared to the standardised 
approaches; and 
• 
revised procedure for calculating CVA in derivatives.

--- Page 125 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
In January 2019, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the revised standards for 
minimum capital requirements for Market Risk (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) introducing 
deep changes to the framework and calibration of internal models and standardized models used for the 
calculation of own funds requirements for this type of risk. 
Following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank 
Governors and Heads of Supervision, has endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational 
capacity for banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from 
the impact of the coronavirus. 
These measures comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding Basel 
III standards: 
(i) 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
have also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028; 
(ii) 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023; and 
(iii) 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
The implementation dates of these measures remain unclear until such rules are implemented into European 
and Portuguese legislation and therefore become applicable to and effective upon the Issuer. 
Capital buffers: The criteria for maintenance by credit institutions and certain investment companies of 
additional own funds' buffers include: 
(i) 
a capital conservation buffer; 
(ii) 
the institution's specific countercyclical capital buffer; 
(iii) 
the systemic risk buffer, also referred to as SII buffer; and 
(iv) 
an O-SII buffer (for other systemically important institutions at a national level). 
The combined buffer requirement with which each institution is required to comply corresponds to the sum 
of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, and the higher of 
the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer (except where the latter only applies to risk exposures in the 
Member State which activated the measure, in which case it is additive). 
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience of the 
financial sector and preventing systemic risk. The set of instruments and intermediate objectives will be 
revised and adjusted by the competent authorities where necessary to better safeguard financial stability. In 
addition, other macroprudential policy instruments may be activated if deemed necessary. Failure to comply 
with these buffers implies restrictions on distributions relating to CET1 own funds as well as an obligation 
to submit to the competent authorities a capital conservation plan within 5 business days of the breach. 
Capital conservation buffer: The capital conservation buffer requirement aims to accommodate losses from 
a potential adverse scenario. The Group has a requirement (at an individual and consolidated level) to 
maintain a minimum CET1 capital buffer of 2.5 per cent., as provided in Article 138-D of RGICSF. 
Countercyclical buffer: The countercyclical capital buffer is one of the main macroprudential instruments 
introduced by the new regulatory framework, aiming to improve the banking system's resilience to periods 
of excessive credit growth. The establishment of variable capital requirements over the cycle is expected to 
contribute to mitigating the pro-cyclicality of banks' credit policies. The following apply to this buffer, as 
provided in Article 138-G of RGICSF: 
(i) 
the rate will be set between 0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount; 
(ii) 
the rate is calibrated in steps of 0.25 percentage points or multiples of 0.25 percentage points; and

--- Page 126 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
(iii) 
in exceptional cases, the rate may be set at a level above 2.5 per cent. 
The buffer rate for each institution, known as the "institution-specific countercyclical buffer rate", is a 
weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the countries where the credit exposures 
of that institution are located. This requirement is met with CET1 capital. Under the SSM, the ECB can 
propose higher minimum capital requirements than the ones defined by the national authorities. This capital 
buffer will apply to all credit risk exposures, with credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial 
sector, of credit institutions and investment firms subject to the supervision of Bank of Portugal or the ECB, 
as applicable. 
The countercyclical buffer rate for credit exposures to the domestic counterparties (Portugal) will remain 
at zero per cent. of the total risk exposure amount in effect since 1 April 2021. This decision is reviewed 
on a quarterly basis by Bank of Portugal and, on 30 September 2024, the Bank of Portugal announced, for 
the fourth quarter of 2024, that the countercyclical buffer rate to be applied as of 1 October 2024 remains 
at 0 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount.  
Evolution of the Solvency Ratio in 2023 and 3Q2024 
In 2023, the Group presented liquidity coverage and leverage ratios of 388.5 per cent. and 9.7 per cent., 
respectively, showing a comfortable buffer in relation to prudential requirements. 
The own funds of the Group, calculated in conformity with the prudential requirements under Regulation 
(EU) 575/ 2013 of 26 June 2013, and including net profit of the year, amounted to €2,359 million as at 31 
December 2023. Considering the deductions established in the regulations in force, CET1 stood at €2,359 
million, having grown by €409 million in relation to December 2022. 
In December 2023, there was an increase of 7.9 per cent., or 771.2 million euros, in the risk weighted 
exposure amount to 10,569 million euros, compared to 9,798 million euros at the end of 2022. The increase 
compared to the same period of the previous year is explained by the greater credit risk position, which 
increased by 468.8 million euros compared to 2022, as well as the exposure to operational risk, which 
showed an increase compared to 2022, rising by 31.6 per cent., or 309.4 million euros, to 1,288 million 
euros. The position for credit valuation adjustment (CVA) was set at 25 million euros at the end of 2023. 
At the end of 2023, the total capital ratio and Group's CET 1 capital ratio stood at 22.3 per cent. and 
comfortably complying with the prudential requirements, in conformity with number 1 of article 92 of 
Regulation (EU) 575/ 2013 and including net profit of the year. Solvency ratios, excluding net income, as 
of September 2024 increased 1.8 per cent. comparing with December 2023 (from 19.4 per cent. to 21.1 per 
cent.). 
The Total Equity of the Group reached the value of €2,776 million at the end of September 2024, 
representing a growth of €339 million comparing with December 2023. 
SOLVENCY 
2022 
2023 
Sep.2024 
Δ 23/ Sep.2024 
Million euros, except % 
Total Own Funds (a) ......................................................................  
1,950 
2,359 
2,605 
10.4% 
Common equity tier 1 (a) ..............................................................  
1,950 
2,359 
2,605 
10.4% 
Level 1 Own Funds (Tier 1) (a) ...............................................  
1,950 
2,359 
2,605 
10.4% 
Level 2 Own Funds (Tier 2) (a) ...............................................  
0 
0 
0 
n.a. 
Exposure value (b)..............................................................................  
24,464 
24,207 
25,521 
5.4% 
Risk weighted exposure amounts ....................... 
9,798 
10,569 
10,744 
1.7% 
Credit ................................................................... 
8,787 
9,256 
9,426 
1.8% 
Market ................................................................... 
4 
0 
4 
100.0% 
Operational ............................................................ 
979 
1,288 
1,288 
0.0% 
Credit valuation adjustment (CVA) ....................... 
28 
25 
25 
0.0% 
Solvency ratios (a) (c) .......................................................................  
 
 
 
 
Common equity tier 1 ............................................ 
19.9% 
22.3% 
24.2% 
1.9 p.p. 
Tier 1 ..................................................................... 
19.9% 
22.3% 
24.2% 
1.9 p.p. 
Total ...................................................................... 
19.9% 
22.3% 
24.2% 
1.9 p.p. 
Leverage ratio (a) ................................................................................  
7.6% 
9.7% 
10.1% 
0.4 p.p. 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)(d) .........................................  
n.a. 
388.5% 
400.6% 
12.1 p.p. 
 ________________  
(a) Incorporates net income for the period. 
(b) Includes on-balance sheet, off-balance sheet and derivative positions, net of impairment.

--- Page 127 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
(c) The ratios are calculated in accordance with the rules of Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV - Capital Requirements Directive) and 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR – Capital Requirements Regulation). Solvency ratios including net income as of March 2023 
increased 0.46 p.p. comparing with December 2022. 
(d) In 2H24, the need for adjusting criteria for the classification of enterprise customers, operations and cash flow calculations was 
identified, which resulted in an immaterial reduction of the NSFR Ratio with reference to September 2024. The recalculated ratio 
for the period of December 2023 is also presented. 
Leverage ratio 
The Group's leverage ratio, including net income, stood at 9.7 per cent. in 2023, compared to 7.6 per cent. 
reported in 2022. In September 2024, the leverage ratio, excluding net income, reached 8.8 per cent. The 
liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") increased from 388.5 per cent. in 2023 to 400.6 per cent. in September 
2024 
The leverage ratio is a (non-risk-sensitive) measure of a bank's ability to meet its long-term financial 
obligations, calculated by dividing the Group's Tier 1 capital by its average total consolidated assets and 
expressed as a percentage. 
CRD V introduces a binding leverage ratio minimum requirement of 3.0 per cent. Under the new CRD V 
rules, additional leverage ratio requirements can be imposed to address the institution-specific risk of 
excessive leverage. 
Liquidity requirements 
Basel III and CRD and CRR, provide for the setting of short- and long-term liquidity ratios and funding 
ratios, namely the LCR and the NSFR. The NSFR, currently a mere reporting obligation will become 
binding following CRD V. 
The Group's LCR calculated in accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, of 
10 October 2014, was 388.5 per cent., as at 31 December 2023, higher than the reference value of 100 per 
cent. (fully implemented). 
The LCR requires that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") in their liquidity buffer 
to cover the difference between the expected cash outflows and the expected capped cash inflows over a 
30-day stressed period. The value of the ratio is to be no lower than 100 per cent. (the stock of HQLAs 
should at least equal total net cash outflows). In relation to the LCR, the EBA: 
(i) 
defined assets as "extremely high" and of "high" quality; 
(ii) 
put in place operational requirements for the holdings of liquid assets; 
(iii) 
recommended that all types of bonds issued or guaranteed by Member States' central governments 
and central banks in local currency as well as those issued or guaranteed by supranational 
institutions should be considered transferrable extremely high-quality assets; 
(iv) 
stated that the credit quality standards and eligibility of covered bonds, bonds, residential 
mortgage-backed securities and bonds issued by local government entities should be considered 
highly liquid and credit quality assets; and 
(v) 
recommended that common equity shares should be considered high quality liquid assets. 
The NSFR, is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable 
funding. This ratio should be equal to at least 100 per cent. on an on-going basis. "Available stable funding" 
is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered 
by the NSFR, which extends to one year. The ratio aims at ensuring that the funding of illiquid assets is 
made through stable sources, both in normal as well as adverse conditions. 
The Group's NSFR, estimated in accordance with Basel III methodology that supported the ECB's Short-
Term Exercise report was 166.2 per cent, as at 31 December 2023, higher than the reference value of 100 
per cent. (fully implemented).

--- Page 128 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Sustainable Finance 
The European Union is strongly supporting the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-efficient and 
sustainable economy and it has been at the forefront of efforts to build a financial system that supports 
sustainable growth. On 11 December 2019, the European Commission presented the European Green Deal, 
a growth strategy aiming to make Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050. To this end, the 
European Commission has developed a comprehensive policy agenda on sustainable finance since 2018, 
comprising the action plan on financing sustainable growth and the development of a renewed sustainable 
finance strategy in the framework of the European Green Deal. On 18 June 2020, a sustainable taxonomy 
for the EU was put forward through the Taxonomy Regulation. It establishes a classification scheme for 
economic activities based on their environmental sustainability which is primarily aimed at supporting 
mandatory disclosures. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved in principle the first 
delegated act aimed to support sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most 
contribute to meeting the EU's environmental objectives. Specifically, for the banking sector, the EBA was 
given several mandates to assess how Sustainability Risks can be incorporated into the three pillars of 
prudential supervision. Based on this, the EBA published an Action Plan on sustainable finance and a 
Discussion Paper on the integration of Sustainability Risks into the regulatory and supervisory framework. 
Banking Union 
In an effort to harmonise the regulation and supervision of banking activities across the European Union 
and especially in the Eurozone, the European Commission established a new common regulation (Single 
Rule Book) and a common supervisory architecture (European Supervisor Authorities together with 
National Competent Authorities). The key-elements of the Banking Union are the SSM, the SRM and the 
European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"): 
• 
the SSM, which assigns the role of direct banking sector supervisor to the ECB in order to ensure 
that the largest banks in Europe are independently supervised under common rules (operating since 
4 November 2014); 
• 
the SRM, which is responsible for planning for the worst-case scenario, namely the failure of a 
bank, to ensure that the situation can be resolved in an orderly manner; and 
• 
on 24 November 2015, the European Commission presented a legislative proposal that aims to add 
another element to the Banking Union, the EDIS, which is to be built on the basis of existing 
national Deposit Guarantee Schemes ("DGS"), but yet to be implemented. 
Furthermore, the underlying resolution rules were changed through the provisions of the BRRD, according 
to which resolutions shall mainly be financed by banks' shareholders and creditors. Where necessary, 
financing can also be provided, on a complementary basis, by the newly established SRF, which is financed 
by the European banking industry. The SRF is only expected to reach its target funding level in 2023. 
Members of the Eurozone are automatically part of the Banking Union, while other Member States may 
opt in. 
The Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigns specific tasks to the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions. According to the regulation, the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") 
is intended to ensure that the European Union policy relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions is implemented in a coherent and effective manner, that the single rulebook for financial 
services is applied in the same manner to credit institutions in all Member States concerned and that those 
credit institutions are subject to supervision of the highest quality, unfettered by other non-prudential 
considerations. 
The ECB indirectly supervises the Group as a "less significant institution". The ECB's supervision of banks 
that are not considered significant ("less significant institutions") is exercised in conjunction with national 
authorities. The SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 
April 2014 establishing the framework for cooperation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between 
the European Central Bank and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the 
"SSM Framework Regulation") provide the legal basis for the operational arrangements of the SSM.

--- Page 129 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
The SSM is also responsible for regularly assessing and measuring the risks for each bank and, consequently, 
the capital and liquidity adequacy of credit institutions through the global evaluation of own funds adequacy, 
by means of the SREP: 
(i) 
during the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital requirements, (e.g. Pillar 2 capital 
requirements – ("P2R") and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G")), but may also decide to impose 
additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures; 
(ii) 
the prudential requirements require banks to maintain a total SREP capital requirement ("TSCR") 
that includes CET1 instruments and other capital instruments; 
(iii) 
banks are also subject to the overall capital requirement ("OCR") that includes, in addition to the 
TSCR, additional capital buffers, namely "the combined buffer", comprised of the countercyclical 
capital buffer, capital conservation buffer and systemic buffer, as described above; and 
(iv) 
the P2G is to be made up entirely of CET1 capital and should be held over and above the OCR. 
Failure to comply with the P2G is not itself a breach of own funds requirements, but it may be 
subject to additional measures adjusted to the individual situation of the bank. The P2G is not 
relevant for purposes of the Minimum Distributable Amount ("MDA"). The MDA is the maximum 
amount a bank is allowed to pay out, for example for bonuses or dividends. A bank whose capital 
ratio falls below the MDA trigger point faces restrictions on the amount of distributable profits. 
CRD V clarifies the conditions for imposing Pillar 2 additional requirements, i.e., the institution-specific 
nature of Pillar 2 add-ons makes them unsuitable for macro-prudential purposes, for which other specific 
tools are set out. It also clarifies the interaction between the Pillar 2 add-ons, the Pillar 1 requirements, the 
own funds and eligible liabilities requirement, the MREL and the combined buffers (the 'stacking order') 
while clarifying the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements imposed by supervisors to address institution-
specific actual risks and (non-binding) P2G, which refers to the possibility for competent authorities to 
indicate to banks the level of capital in excess of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined buffers requirements that 
they expect them to hold to face forward-looking and remote stresses. 
The EBA issues guidelines on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP. These guidelines 
introduce consistent methodologies for the assessment of risks to capital and risks to liquidity, and for the 
assessment of the Group's capital and liquidity adequacy. Changes to guidelines, after being endorsed by 
the competent authorities may also have implications on the Group's compliance of supervisory 
requirements. 
Based on the 2024 SREP, in force from 1 July 2024, the Group is required to have a minimum CET1 ratio 
of 9.16 per cent. (4.50 per cent. Pillar 1, 1.41 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement, 2.75 per cent. CBR and 0.50 
per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance), a Tier 1 ratio of 11.13 per cent. (6.00 per cent. Pillar 1, 1.88 per cent. Pillar 2 
requirement, 2.75 per cent. CBR and 0.50 per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance) and a total capital ratio of 13.75 per 
cent. (8.00 per cent. Pillar 1, 2.50 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement, 2.75 per cent. CBR and 0.50 per cent. Pillar 
2 Guidance). As of December 2023, and excluding results from the period, the Group reported a 19.4 per 
cent. ratio for CET1, Tier 1 and total capital. As of December 2023, including results from the period, the 
Group reported a 22.3 per cent. ratio for CET1, Tier 1 and total capital. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism 
A new recovery and resolution regime introduced tools and powers aimed at addressing banking crisis in 
advance through Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as 
amended, established a framework for recovery and resolution ("BRRD"). Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (as amended, notably by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the "SRM Regulation"), which 
is directly applicable, establishes uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions 
regarding the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity. 
The BRRD was transposed to the Portuguese legal order through Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, 
as amended (which amended the RGICSF). 
In the event of a bank's critical financial condition ("fail or likely to fail"), the Banking Union's framework 
was designed to minimise the impact of any particular bank's financial difficulties on the financial system 
and on taxpayers. Under the envisaged SRM, shareholders of the institution would be the first to bear losses,

--- Page 130 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
before that institution's lenders in accordance with the applicable creditor hierarchy set out under applicable 
legislation. To that end, resolution authorities were given the power to allocate losses to shareholders and 
creditors (including holders of any Notes) (the "bail in" tool, as per Article 43 of the BRRD), in line with 
the valuation of the failing business and according to the sequence of write down and conversion provided 
in Article 48 of the BRRD. Shareholders and creditors must therefore absorb losses for at least 8 per cent. 
of their total liabilities, including own funds, before any use of the resolution fund. 
Guaranteed deposits are expected to be safeguarded and creditors should not bear losses greater than those 
that they would have suffered had the institution been liquidated under ordinary insolvency proceedings. 
The BRRD contemplates that liabilities such as the Notes may be subject to loss absorption in case of 
application of resolution measures, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool (which may 
apply to any of the Notes). 
As such, the Banking Union and, in particular, the use of resolution tools and powers provided for by the 
Banking Union may disrupt the rights of shareholders and creditors. In particular, the power of the 
authorities to transfer the shares or all or part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without 
the consent of shareholders affects the property rights of shareholders. In addition, the power to decide 
which liabilities to transfer out of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the continuity 
of services and avoiding adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment of creditors. 
To avoid institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the bail-in 
tool, the BRRD requires that institutions meet at all times a MREL expressed as a percentage of the total 
liabilities and own funds of the institution. When determining MREL in accordance with the BRRD and in 
applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority should ensure that the institution is capable of absorbing 
an adequate amount of losses and that the post-resolution entity is recapitalised by an amount sufficient to 
meet ongoing capital prudential requirements after resolution, while sustaining sufficient market 
confidence. The resolution authority should also take into account the assessments made by the competent 
authority on the business model, funding model, and risk profile of the institution in order to set prudential 
requirements. 
By delivering a comprehensive framework that ensures that shareholders and creditors bear the cost of bank 
failure, the BRRD aims at: 
• 
safeguarding the continuity of essential banking operations; 
• 
protecting the depositors, the client's assets and the public funds; 
• 
risks to financial stability; and 
• 
avoiding the unnecessary destruction of value. 
• 
Accordingly, resolution powers include, among others: 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the principal amount of or outstanding amount 
due in respect of eligible liabilities, of an institution under resolution; 
• 
the power to convert eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of that institution; 
• 
the power to cancel debt instruments issued by an institution under resolution except for secured 
liabilities subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD; and 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the nominal amount of shares or other instruments 
of ownership of an institution under resolution and to cancel such shares or other instruments of 
ownership. 
These powers conferred to resolution authorities are such as to ensure that capital instruments (including 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. 
Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down of such capital 
instruments in full or on a permanent basis, or their conversion in full into CET1 instruments, to the extent

--- Page 131 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
required and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately before the application of any 
other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of reducing 
or converting at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution, according to an order of priority of 
credits in normal insolvency procedures, in a way that results in: 
(i) 
CET1 instruments being written down in proportion to the relevant losses; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down and/or converted into CET1 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments). 
Resolution authorities may also apply the bail-in tool to meet the resolution objectives, for any of the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
to recapitalise an institution that meets the conditions for resolution to the extent sufficient to 
restore its ability to comply with the conditions for authorisation and to continue to carry out the 
activities for which it is authorised and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the institution or 
entity; or 
(ii) 
to convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments that are transferred: 
(a) 
to a bridge institution with a view to providing capital for that bridge institution; or 
(b) 
under the sale of business tool or the asset separation tool. 
When applying the bail-in tool, resolution authorities exercise the write-down and conversion powers 
meeting the following sequence: 
(i) 
CET1; 
(ii) 
Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
(iii) 
Tier 2 instruments; 
(iv) 
other subordinated debt, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy; and 
(v) 
other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published proposals for certain amendments to the 
BRRD (BRRD II), which include certain proposals in relation to the quality and quantity of MREL required 
by European banks. BRRD II, which entered into force in 27 June 2019, will be applied after being 
transposed into national law, without prejudice of the current direct applicability of the SRM Regulation. 
On 27 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Directive entered into force on 28 December 
2017 and was transposed to Portuguese legal framework by Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March, in addition to 
the governing of the position of the unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, providing 
greater legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits 
vis-à-vis senior debt. 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission adopted a Temporary Framework to enable Member States 
to further support the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak. It establishes that if due to the COVID-19 
outbreak, banks would need direct support in the form of liquidity recapitalisation or impaired asset 
measure, the bank receiving such direct support would not automatically be deemed to be failing-or-likely-
to-fail, as established by the BRRD. To the extent such measures address problems linked to the COVID-
19 outbreak, they would be an exception to the requirement of burden-sharing by shareholders and 
subordinated creditors. 
The SRM and SRF are regulated by the SRM Regulation, which also established the framework for 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and the calculation method of the annual contributions for the 
funding of the resolution mechanism.

--- Page 132 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
The main decision-making body of the SRM is the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). The SRB will work 
in close cooperation with, and will give instructions to, the national authorities of Member States, including 
the Bank of Portugal, which is the national resolution authority in Portugal. The national authorities of 
participating Member States (including the Portuguese Republic) are responsible for planning and adopting 
resolution plans in respect of those banks for which the SRB is not directly responsible. 
The SRF is financed through ex-ante contributions paid annually at individual level by all credit institutions 
within the Banking Union. Contributions to the SRF: 
• 
take into account the annual target level of the SRF set by the SRB as well as the size and the risk 
profile of institutions; 
• 
are collected by national resolution authorities and transferred to the SRF by 30 June of every year 
(in accordance with Article 67(4) of the SRM Regulation and in accordance with the 
intergovernmental agreement on the transfer and mutualisation of contributions to the SRF); 
• 
are calculated by the methodology as set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/63, of 21 October 2014, as amended, and the SRM Regulation; and 
• 
are calculated on the basis of the amount of liabilities deducted from the liability elements that 
belong to Tier 1 and additional own funds and the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and subject to an adjustment in accordance with the risk profile of the participating 
institution, considering its solvability situation. 
In accordance to the SRM Regulation, the use of the SRF was contingent upon an agreement among the 
participating Member States on transferring the funds raised at national level towards the SRF (which has 
already been entered into on May 2014), as well as on a progressive merger of the different funds raised at 
national level to be allocated to national compartments of the SRF. This Regulation is applicable since 1 
January 2016. 
• 
The decision on the MREL requirement is based on the current legislation and is subject to review 
by the Supervisor over time. Accordingly, on 22 July 2024 under the 2023 cycle of the Resolution 
Planning, the Resolution Authority disclosed the new Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities (MREL) of the Group which came into force on 30 September 2024. The Group 
shall be required to hold a value of own funds and eligible liabilities equivalent to 25.79 per cent 
of the amount of risk-weighted assets (TREA) (including a combined buffer requirement (CBR) 
of own funds reserve of 2.75 per cent., of a capital conservation buffer of own funds reserve of 
2.50 per cent and a O-SII buffer of own funds reserve of 0.25 per cent) and 5.90 per cent. of the 
total exposure measurement (LRE). The resolution strategy is the Single Point of Entry, 
considering the Issuer as the resolution entity.; 
• 
The resolution measure for the Group is the bail-in. 
The entry into effect of the new banking regulations (in particular of the BRRD II and the SRM Regulation) 
resulted in the need to comply with MREL requirements starting from 1 January 2024. The Bank of 
Portugal, as the Portuguese supervisory authority, also established interim targets for 1 January 2022 
(binding) and 1 January 2023 (indicative). The MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer may be subject 
to changes, notably in result of the yearly review conducted by the Bank of Portugal, and flexibilization 
measures may be adopted by the Bank of Portugal. 
In October 2022, the EBA published its report titled "EBA Report on the Monitoring of TLAC-/MREL 
eligible Liabilities Instruments of EU Institution", in which the EBA set out its updated views on certain 
issues including that clean-up calls are permitted, and also including confirmations of the EBA's 
expectations on exercise of substitution and variation provisions and waivers of set-off/netting. The Group 
is cognisant of the points raised in the EBA report. 
In order to ensure compliance with its MREL requirements, the Group has incorporated the net income 
generated in recent years into its own funds, as well as issuing preferred bonds, the total amount of which 
currently stands at 550 million euros, through the following issues, with a settlement date: 
• 
in November 2021, amounting to €300 million;

--- Page 133 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
• 
in July 2023, of €200 million, which was complemented by a tap issue of €50 million, completed 
in August 2023. 
MREL COMPLIANCE 
2022 
2023 
Sep.2024 
Δ 23/Sep.2024 
Million euros 
Abs. Δ 
% Δ 
Total Own Funds1 .................................................................................  
1,950 
2,359 
2,605 
246 
10.4% 
Preferred Senior Debt ..............................................  
300 
550 
550 
0 
0.0% 
Instruments eligible for MREL ............................  
2,250 
2,909 
3,155 
246 
8.5% 
MREL TREA ratio % ..............................................  
22,97% 
27,52% 
29,36% 
1,85 p.p. 
MREL TREA + CBR requirement % ......................  
19,09% 
22,01%2,3 
25,79%4 
3,78 p.p. 
Difference to the requirement ..................................  
-3,88 p.p. 
5,51 p.p. 
3,57 p.p. 
 
MREL LRE ratio % ................................................  
8,78% 
11,95% 
12,23% 
0,28 p.p. 
MREL requirement LRE % .....................................  
5,91% 
5,92%2,3 
5,90%4 
-0,02 p.p. 
Difference to the requirement ..................................  
2,87 p.p. 
6,03 p.p. 
6,33 p.p. 
 
 ________________  
1 
Total Own Funds includes net income of the period. 
2 
In April 2022, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2021 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements MREL 
TREA and LRE in force since 1 January 2023 and 1 January 2024. MREL TREA + CBR indicative requirement of 21.76 per cent 
since 1 January 2023 and binding requirement of 24.68 per cent since 1 January 2024. In September 2022, the Resolution 
Authority disclosed, the MREL TREA + CBR indicative requirement to 22.01 per cent to reflect an O-SII buffer of own funds 
reserve of 0.25 per cent (in force since 1 June 2023). 
3 
In August 2023, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2022 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements MREL 
TREA and LRE in force since 1 January 2024. MREL TREA + CBR binding requirement of 25.28 per cent in force since 1 
January 2024. 
4 
In August 2024, the Resolution Authority disclosed, under the 2023 cycle of the Resolution Planning, the requirements MREL 
TREA and LRE in force since 30 September 2024. 
At the end of 2023, the Group met its requirements, effective as of 1 January 2024, with an MREL TREA 
+ CBR ratio of 27.52 per cent (2.24 per cent above the MREL TREA + CBR binding requirement of 25.28 
per cent) and an MREL LRE ratio of 11.95 per cent (6.03 per cent above the requirement), considering the 
result generated in the year. As of September 2024, the Group met the MREL TREA + CBR and MREL 
LRE requirements effective from 30 September 2024, with a buffer of 3.57 per cent and 6.33 per cent, 
respectively. 
The European Deposit Guarantee System 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2014/49/EU on DGS ("DGS 
Directive"). The Directive encompasses the harmonisation of the funding mechanisms of DGS, the 
introduction of risk-based contributions and the harmonisation of the scope of products and depositors 
covered. In accordance with the DGS Directive, each credit institution should be part of a DGS recognised 
under this Directive, thereby ensuring a high level of consumer protection and a level playing field between 
credit institutions, while also preventing regulatory arbitrage. The DGS Directive sets the harmonised 
coverage level at €100,000 and retains the principle of a harmonised limit per depositor rather than per 
deposit (such limit to be applied, in principle, to each identifiable depositor, except for collective investment 
undertakings subject to special protection rules). Each institution's contribution to DGS was based on the 
amount of covered deposits and the degree of risk incurred by the respective member. The DGS Directive 
was transposed into the Portuguese law by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March. 
In the first months of 2025, the SRB will conduct an exercise to verify compliance with the target level of 
the SRF provided for in Article 69(1) of Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014 (“SRM Regulation”). Based on the results of this exercise, the SRB will assess 
the need to proceed, in the 2025 contribution year, with the collection of ex-ante contributions provided for 
in Article 70 of the SRM Regulation. 
Other financial service laws and regulations 
The Group is still subject to other Directives and Regulations, among which: 
• 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended, 
transposed into the national legal framework by Law No. 35/2018, of 20 July, and Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended, relating 
to markets in financial instruments, known as the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II 
("MiFID II") and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"), respectively; 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 November 
2014, as amended, on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based

--- Page 134 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
investment products, supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the 
Commission, of 8 March 2017 ("PRIIPs"), as amended, applicable since 1 January 2018. On 4 
January 2018, the CMVM issued a "Circular" regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, 
outlining further applicable requirements and Law no. 35/2018, of 20 July introduced the legal 
framework for PRIIPs in Portugal; 
• 
the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012, as amended, that sets out procedures regarding OTC 
markets and derivatives, namely on clearing; 
• 
rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing 
– Bank of Portugal is responsible for the preventive supervision of money laundering and terrorist 
financing ("ML/TF") in the financial sector. Within the applicable legal framework, the following 
are paramount: (i) Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August, as amended, which transposes Directive (EU) 
2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the 
use of the financial system for the purposes of ML/TF (as amended), and sets forth preventive and 
repressive measures to combat ML/TF; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2015/847 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2015, as amended, on the information on payers and payees, 
accompanying transfers of funds, in any currency, for the purposes of preventing, detecting and 
investigating ML/TF; (iii) Law No. 97/2017, of 23 August, which governs the application and 
execution of the restrictive measures approved by the United Nations or by the European Union 
and sets forth the sanctions applicable to breaches of such measures and (iv) the regulatory notice 
("Aviso") of Bank of Portugal No. 2/2018, of 26 September 2018, which governs enforcement 
conditions, procedures, instruments, mechanisms, enforcement measures, reporting obligations 
and other aspects necessary for ensuring compliance with obligations for the prevention of ML/TF; 
and 
• 
rules and regulations related to internal control systems, notably those established in regulatory 
notice ("Aviso") of Bank of Portugal No. 3/2020 of 15 July 2020, which regulates organizational 
culture, internal governance, internal control system and remuneration policies and practices, and 
which led to the revision of most of the Group's policies on organizational culture and governance, 
including the Code of Ethics and of Conduct of the Group, the Policy of Prevention, 
Communication and Remedying of Conflicts of Interest and of Transactions with Related Parties, 
the Policy on Whistleblowing, the Policy for Selecting and Appointing a Chartered Accountant 
(ROC/SROC) and for Hiring Non-Banned Distinct Auditing Services, the Policies for Selecting 
and Assessing the Suitability of Members of the Management and Supervisory Bodies, the 
Remuneration Policies, among others. 
Prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality 
In 2013, the EBA issued a recommendation to Competent Authorities ("CAs") to perform asset quality 
reviews for banks, based on newly harmonised definitions of NPLs (complemented by EBA Report on the 
dynamics and drivers of non‐performing exposures in the European Union banking sector dated 22 July 
2016). In 2014, CAs carried out comprehensive assessment and a stress test. EBA's Implementing Technical 
Standards on Supervisory Reporting (Forbearance and non-performing exposures ("NPEs")), issued under 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 9 January 2015 (then in force), aim at 
implementing uniform definitions and reporting requirements for forbearance and NPEs. The ECB has 
issued in March 2017 Guidance on SSM bank's on NPLs supplemented a year later by an addendum 
specifying ECB's expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
In July 2017, the European Council concluded an Action Plan to achieve a sustainable reduction of NPEs 
in credit institutions' balance sheets. On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures. These guidelines specify sound risk management 
practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne exposures, including 
requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations of NPE workout framework, internal 
control framework and monitoring. 
The regulation amending the CRR to introduce common minimum coverage levels for potential losses 
stemming from newly originated loans that become nonperforming has been published in Official Journal 
on 17 April 2019 (Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) no 575/2013). This regulation establishes a requirement for credit

--- Page 135 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
institutions to build their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred and expected 
losses on newly originated loans that become non-performing. Where the minimum coverage requirement 
is not met, the difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from 
a bank's own funds (CET1). The new rules should not be applied in relation to exposures originated prior 
to 26 April 2019. A proposal for a directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and recovery of collateral 
was also included in the comprehensive package of measures to be tackled by the European Commission. 
The proposal strengthens the ability of secured creditors to recover value from secured loans to corporates 
and entrepreneurs. The review by the Parliament and Council's Working Party is ongoing. 
All in all, the legal and regulatory framework regarding NPLs and NPEs creates an assortment of 
obligations for credit institutions and sets forth protection measures for bank customers, including, 
procedures for gathering information, contacting customers, monitoring the execution of loan agreements 
and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of bank customers and present 
default correction proposals adapted to the debtor's situation; and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts 
emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial 
procedures may restrict the Group's options to (i) terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial 
proceedings against the debtor; (iii) assign its credits over the client; or (iv) transfer its contractual position 
to a third party. 
Furthermore, as the macroprudential authority for Portugal, Bank of Portugal has approved a 
recommendation introducing limits to some of the criteria used in the assessment of customers' 
creditworthiness, covering the granting of new credit relating to residential immovable property, credit 
secured by a mortgage or equivalent guarantee, and consumer credit agreements, to be applied to 
agreements concluded as of 1 July 2018. In September 2017, the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 4/2017 of 
Bank of Portugal, which entered into force on 1 January 2018, established procedures and criteria for banks 
for assessing customers' financial capacity before granting mortgage loans. 
On 31 January 2020, Bank of Portugal announced the amendment to the macroprudential recommendation 
on new credit agreements for consumers: (i) the maximum maturity of new personal credit operations 
decreases from 10 to 7 years, with some exceptions (ii) up to 10 per cent. of the total amount of new credit 
granted by each institution may have a DSTI (debt service-to-income) of up to 60 per cent., continuing to 
allow institutions to consider other important aspects for assessing the borrowers' creditworthiness that are 
risk mitigating factors. The 5 per cent. exception to the DSTI ratio limits will be maintained. 
Insurance business 
The Insurance Distribution Directive regulates the way insurance products are designed and sold both by 
insurance intermediaries and directly by insurance undertakings, namely in the cases of insurance products 
that have an investment element such as unit-linked life insurance contracts. The Insurance Distribution 
Directive was transposed into national law by Law No. 7/2019, of 16 January, and entered into force in 
October 2018. Similar in nature provisions are also embedded in the PRIIPs Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014, as amended) and 
implementing national provisions which entered into force in 2018. At a different level, the Solvency II in 
force (as amended) and IFRS 17, introduce additional requirements for insurance companies in terms of 
minimum capital requirements, supervisory review of firms' assessment of risk and enhanced disclosure 
requirements. All these may affect the insurance business and associated earnings. Further regulatory 
developments are expected in the forthcoming years, such as the review of capital requirements, long term 
guarantees and macroprudential tools. 
THE ISSUER AND GOVERNANCE OF THE GROUP 
The Issuer, as the central body, coordinates and represents the Group, being responsible for the planning 
of the Group's activity, the integrated management of liquidity, overall risk monitoring and control, the 
centralised management of human resources, reporting to the supervisory entities, the definition and 
implementation of the Group's communication plans, and the definition and monitoring of the Group's main 
policies and regulations, such as, for example and among others, the Code of Ethics and Conduct of the 
Group, the Privacy and Data Security Policy of the Group, and the Overall Risk Policy of the Group. 
Pursuant to these functions, and in view of the provisions in regulatory notice ("Aviso") of Bank of Portugal 
No. 3/2020 of 15 July, the Issuer's responsibilities extend to the definition of the Group's organisational 
culture, including internal governance, internal control system and remunerative practices. Under the terms

--- Page 136 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
of the applicable law and its Articles of Association, the Issuer is responsible for issuing to the other 
members of the Group and, specifically, to its Associated Caixas, the guidelines, rules and policies required 
for the consistent and harmonised application of the applicable legislation and regulations, of which the 
Code of Ethics and Conduct of the Group referred to above are examples.

--- Page 137 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
The Issuer, as the central body, has the following organisational model: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In its governance, the Issuer adopts the model commonly known as the "German Model", provided for in 
Article 278, paragraph 1, item c) of the Portuguese Companies Code, taking into account the provisions of 
paragraph 1 of Article 55 of the RJCAM. As such, the governance of the Issuer is conducted by its 
governing bodies: the General Meeting, the Executive Board of Directors, the General and Supervisory 
Board, the Superior Council and the Statutory Auditor; and by its statutory bodies: the Board of the General 
Meeting and the Assessment Committee. 
In addition to the governing and statutory bodies, the Issuer's structure is also composed of the Departments 
and Offices shown in the organisational chart above, and the Boards, Commissions and Committees 
appointed by the General and Supervisory Board and by the Executive Board of Directors, to support the 
performance of their respective functions. 
Executive Board of Directors 
Corporate Centre 
Department of 
Strategic Planning and 
Management Control 
Central Human 
Resources Department 
Monitoring and 
Supervision 
Department 
Global Risk 
Department 
Compliance 
Department 
Transformation and 
Development Office 
Communication and 
Institutional Relation 
Office 
Model Validation 
Office 
Sustainability Office 
Shared Services 
Audit Department 
Transformation and 
Development Office 
Credit Monitoring 
Department  
Logistics, Support and 
Procurement 
Department 
Real Estate Strategy 
and Management 
Office 
Financial Department 
Retail Business 
Department 
Business Promotion 
Department 
Accounting and 
Taxation Department 
Business Support 
Business Management 
Department 
Credit Risk 
Department 
Credit Recovery 
Department 
Product Means of 
Payment Department 
Omnichannel 
Management 
Banking Business 
Retail Department 
Companies 
Department 
Data Protection Office 
Banking Security 
Department 
Data and Intelligence 
Department 
Internal Control Office 
Secretariat General 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Legal Affairs 
Department 
Technology and Architecture 
Department 
Organisational model

--- Page 138 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
The mandate of the governing bodies is of three years, taking into account the provisions of paragraph 1 of 
Article 24 of the RJCAM applicable ex vi of Article 51 also of RJCAM, a legal rule that is enshrined in the 
Articles of Association. The current mandate is of 2022-2024. 
Pursuant to the applicable law and the Articles of Association of the Issuer, it is mandatory for the General 
and Supervisory Board to have three committees: the Commission for Financial Matters, the Remuneration 
Committee and the Risk Commission, composed of at least three members of the General and Supervisory 
Board. 
The Executive Board of Directors has instituted Boards and Committees to support its functions, composed 
of members of the actual Executive Board of Directors, heads of Departments and Offices, representatives 
of the Associated Caixas and representatives of Affiliated Companies. These Boards and Committees 
include, for example, the Asset, Liability and Capital Committee ("ALCCO"), the Programme 
Management Board, the Credit Board, the Credit Recovery Board, the Executive Committees for 
Monitoring and Supervision, among others. 
In its governance, the Group adopts the model commonly known as the "Germanic Model". Its governing 
bodies are made up of a General and Supervisory Board, a Chartered Accountant (ROC) and an Executive 
Board of Directors, as well as Statutory Bodies – the Board of the General Meeting, the Superior Council 
(of an advisory nature) and the Assessment Committee. 
The Executive Board of Directors 
The responsibilities of the Executive Board of Directors are as follows: 
• 
manage the Issuer in a healthy and prudent manner, observing banking standards, regulations and 
best practices, taking into account financial interests and solvency; 
• 
define and approve essential policies for the activity of the Issuer, SICAM and the Group within 
the applicable legal and regulatory framework; 
• 
define and approve the Issuer's global strategies, namely the commercial strategy and the risk 
strategy; 
• 
define and approve the cultures in force at the Issuer, namely a risk culture and a corporate culture; 
• 
cooperate closely with the other bodies of the Issuer, namely with the General and Supervisory 
Board, requesting their consent and/or the respective opinions provided for in the law and/or the 
Articles of Association and with the Superior Council, in consultation with and hearing it in all 
matters resolved or to be resolved as deemed necessary and/or convenient; 
• 
represent the Issuer in and out of court, actively and passively, being able to contract obligations, 
propose and follow lawsuits, give up or settle processes, commit to arbitrators, sign liability terms 
and, in general, resolve on all matters that do not fall within the competence of other bodies; 
• 
constitute representatives for the practice of certain acts or categories of acts, defining the extension 
of the respective mandates; 
• 
hire Issuer workers, establishing the respective contractual conditions, and exercise the 
corresponding directive and disciplinary power in relation to them; 
• 
acquire, dispose of or encumber any assets or rights; 
• 
decide on the issuance of bonds, acquisition, sale and encumbrance of properties, which form part 
of the Issuer's permanent fixed assets and holdings referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 3 of the 
Articles of Association; 
• 
represent SICAM and the Group; 
• 
prepare business plans and budget proposals for the Issuer, SICAM and the Group for the following 
year;

--- Page 139 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
• 
carry out the selection and evaluation of the holders of essential offices, under the terms of the 
Internal Policy for the Selection and Evaluation of Essential Office Holders approved at the 
General Meeting; 
• 
admit and dismiss associates of the Issuer, after hearing the Superior Council; 
• 
exercise the competences referred to in Sections II and III of Chapter VI of the Articles of 
Association, in terms of guidance and supervision of its associates; 
• 
issue an opinion on the special registration at Bank of Portugal of members of the management and 
supervisory bodies of the associates; 
• 
propose the application of the sanctions referred to in Section IV of Chapter VI of the Articles of 
Association, as well as the suspension referred to in Article 11; 
• 
decide on any and all types of intervention in the management of associates; 
• 
define and approve the application of mechanisms that ensure that the composition and succession 
plan of the Executive Board of Directors are adequate; and 
• 
approve its operating regulations. 
The Executive Board of Directors, elected at the General Meeting, is composed of five members - one 
Chairman and four Members - with the Chairman having the casting vote in the deliberations of the body. 
In view of the cooperative nature of the Issuer, the selection and appointment of members of the Executive 
Board of Directors is provided for in its Articles of Association and in the Electoral Regulations in force, 
and this selection and appointment may be made: 
(i) 
by the majority of members in office of the Superior Council. 
(ii) 
or by five per cent. of Associated Caixas in full enjoyment of their rights, with a minimum of four. 
The selection and appointment of the members of the Executive Board of Directors is carried out through 
the composition of a candidate list for election to the Social and Statutory Bodies, a list that necessarily 
includes candidates to all the Social and Statutory Bodies to be elected: General Meeting Board, Superior 
Council, General and Supervisory Board and Executive Board of Directors. 
Having made the selection and nomination in the terms expressed in the previous point, it is the 
responsibility of the Issuer (Assessment Committee) to carry out, under the joint rules established in the 
Electoral Regulation and the Internal Policy on the Selection and Assessment of the Adequacy of Members 
of the Management and Supervisory Bodies ("PISAAMOAF"), the assessment of the prior or initial 
suitability of candidates for members of the Issuer. 
The Electoral Regulation establishes the rules governing the entire electoral process of the Governing 
Bodies and PISAAMOAF defines the selection criteria and the adequacy assessment requirements, as well 
as the procedures to be adopted by the Assessment Committee to achieve this aim. 
The Executive Board of Directors approved its Internal Regulation on 2 July 2020, which was revised on 
14 January 2021 in line with the provisions of regulatory notice ("Aviso") of Bank of Portugal No. 3/2020, 
of 15 July, on 9 June 2022 in line with the Executive Board of Directors' new composition resulting from 
the elections for the 2022-2024 mandate, on 23 March 2024 to explicitly include references to the 
responsibilities of the Executive Board of Directors in what regards to the calculation of impairment, and 
on 8 April 2024 to update the respective annexes.

--- Page 140 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
The following table indicates the current members of the Executive Board of Directors for the 2022-2024 
mandate, their positions as well as the principal activities outside of the Issuer: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Licínio Manuel Prata Pina 
Chairman 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Crédito Agrícola Seguros e Pensões, SGPS, 
S.A. since 2015; 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Crédito Agrícola, SGPS, S.A., since 2013; 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Crédito Agrícola Serviços – Centro de 
Serviços Partilhados, A.C.E., since 2022; 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Crédito Agrícola Informática – Sistemas de 
Informação, S.A., since 2022; 
 
 
• 
Member of the National Council for the 
Social Economy, since 2014. 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Board of the General 
Meeting of Agricultural Cooperative of 
Farmers of the Municipality of Seia, since 
2017. 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of the Portuguese 
Banking Association, since 2018. 
Ana Paula Raposo Ramos Freitas 
Member 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, SGPS, SA, since 2013; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, Seguros e Pensões, SGPS, S.A., 
since 2019; 
 
 
• 
Director of Crédito Agrícola Imóveis, 
Unipessoal, Lda, since 2022. 
Sérgio Manuel Raposo Frade 
Member 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, SGPS, S.A., since 2013; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, Seguros e Pensões, SGPS, S.A., 
since 2022; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola Serviços – Centro de Serviços 
Partilhados, A.C.E., since 2022; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola 
Informática 
– 
Sistemas 
de 
Informação, S.A., since 2022;

--- Page 141 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
 
 
• 
Member of the board of Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos, in representation of 
the Issuer, since 2022. 
Isabel da Conceição Alves 
Member 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, SGPS, S.A., since 2022. 
Luís Manuel Bravo Seabra 
Member 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Crédito 
Agrícola, SGPS, S.A., since 2022. 
 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the Executive Board of 
Directors of the Issuer has any external activity relevant for the Issuer other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Executive Board of Directors, their 
professional domicile is at Rua Castilho, no. 233 – 233A, 1099-004 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Executive and Advisory Boards, Commissions, Committees and Forums of the Executive Board of 
Directors: 
The Executive Board of Directors has, in terms of executive and/or consultative support, Councils, 
Commissions, Committees and Forums that meet, periodically and in accordance with the previously and 
normatively defined, without prejudice to being able to meet extraordinarily under the terms defined in its 
Internal Regulations. 
During the fiscal year of 2023, the Executive Board of Directors had fourteen Committees and Boards of 
an executive nature and two of a purely consultative nature, with the powers, periodicity of meetings and 
compositions that are detailed below. 
Executive Boards and Committees: 
(i) 
Asset, Liabilities and Capital Committee ("ALCCO") 
The ALCCO meets monthly, being responsible for the integrated support to the management of the set of 
risks affecting the consolidated balance sheet of the Group and the individual balance sheet of the Issuer, 
having the general responsibility to propose and guarantee, within the established limits, the 
implementation of the Asset, Liability and Capital Management policy that maximises the value of equity 
in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Board of Directors, in which the members of the Executive 
Board of Directors participate, on an ordinary and regular basis, a representative of the Board of Directors 
of Crédito Agrícola Gest, SGOIC, SA, a representative of the Board of Directors of Crédito Agrícola Vida, 
Companhia de Seguros, SA and the Directors of the Strategic Planning and Management Control 
Department, the Global Risk Department, the Monitoring and Supervision Department and the Financial 
Department, which is responsible for acting as secretary of the meetings. 
(ii) 
Programme Management Office ("PMO") 
The PMO meets monthly, with the mission of monitoring the CA Group Transformation Programme and 
each of the initiatives designed in this context (grouped into streams - a set of revised initiatives which aim 
to respond to a challenge), as well as the most relevant initiatives in the Annual Activity Plan, in particular 
objectives, project plan(s), budget and its execution, with the participation of members of the Executive 
Board of Directors, member of the Executive Board of Directors of Crédito Agrícola Serviços, Shared 
Services Unit, ACE and those responsible, designated by the Executive Board of Directors, for each of the 
streams implementing the transformation programme of the Group and, on an optional basis, the head of 
the Global Risk Department, with all meetings being organised by the Strategic Planning and Management 
Control Department. 
(iii) 
Information Systems Committee 
The Information Systems Council meets monthly, with the mission of monitoring the management and 
structural decision-making of the Information Systems and Information Technology function of the Group,

--- Page 142 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
permanently participating in it members of the Executive Board of Directors, a member of the Executive 
Board of Directors of Crédito Agrícola Serviços, Shared Services Unit, ACE and those in charge of the 
Technology and Data Department, which organises the meetings for the Strategic Planning and 
Management Control Department, Office of Planning and Control of Agricultural Credit Services, Shared 
Services Unit, ACE, and, according to the topics on the agenda, other participants may be called. 
(iv) 
Credit Boards 
The Credit Boards (hereinafter "CC") and the Extended Credit Board (hereinafter "CCA") are collegiate 
and participatory bodies, with delegated powers, giving them responsibility for credit and recovery 
decisions, with the mission of ensuring the quality of the credit portfolio of the Issuer, including syndicated 
operations, structured by the Issuer and invested by SICAM entities. Permanent members of Credit Boards, 
in addition to the members of the Executive Board of Directors - at least two members in the CC and three 
members in the CCA -, are members responsible for Business Areas, Credit Recovery Department, 
Department of Legal Affairs, Credit Risk Department, which secretariats the meetings, and Global Risks 
Department in the case of Extended Credit Board and may be called upon, when relevant and applicable, 
those responsible for other structures involved in first line of defense on risk credit. 
(i) 
Credit Recovery Board 
The Credit Recovery Board usually meets weekly with the mission of contributing to the profitability of 
the Issuer, by taking a position on the credit recovery management measures to be put in place and ensuring 
the minimisation of the negative effects arising from situations of default observed. Three members of the 
Executive Board of Directors sit on this Board, the person in charge of the Credit Recovery Department, 
who secretaries the meeting and presents the proposals, and the person in charge of the Credit Risk 
Department, who provides technical support to decision making. 
(ii) 
Executive Monitoring and Supervision Committee 
The Executive Monitoring and Supervision Committee usually meets weekly, assuming the mission of 
assessing and deciding on matters related to the monitoring and supervision of the Associated Caixas 
included in the scope of the Monitoring and Supervision Department, where three ordinary members of the 
Executive Board of Directors take part in it, the person in charge of the Monitoring and Supervision 
Department who secretaries the meetings and, with observer status, the person in charge of the 
Transformation and Development Office. 
(iii) 
Executive Committee for Transformation and Development 
The Executive Committee for Transformation and Development will meet weekly and will be tasked with 
assessing and deciding on matters underlying the initiatives to stimulate and recover the Associated Caixas 
under intervention, under Articles 77 and 77-A of RJCAM or that are under financial assistance or that 
show less than expected financial, commercial or operational performance, in which three members of the 
Executive Board of Directors and those responsible for the Transformation and Development Office, which 
secretariats the meeting, and the Monitoring and Supervision Department participate. 
(iv) 
Shared Services Catalogue Pricing Board 
The Shared Services Catalogue Pricing Board meets when and whenever one of the permanent members 
calls it but usually on a quarterly basis, with the mission of monitoring the evolution of the services priced 
for the Group, with a perspective of continuous management, contributing to the improvement of the service 
price determination process, cost control and transparency of communication and billing to Associated 
Caixas. The members of the Executive Board of Directors, the members of the Executive Board of Directors 
of Crédito Agrícola Serviços, Shared Services Unit, ACE, the heads of the Strategic Planning and 
Management Control Department, the Accounting and Taxation Department, are part of this Board. Those 
responsible for the Human Resources Department, , the Legal Affairs Department and the Logistics, 
Support and Purchasing Department may also participate. 
(i) 
Internal Control Committee 
The Internal Control Committee meets monthly, with the mission of coordinating and monitoring the 
implementation of all issues related to the SICAM’s Internal Control System in order to ensure its adequacy 
and effectiveness, also ensuring coordination between the Issuer, the Associated Caixas and companies of

--- Page 143 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
the Group, with three members of the Executive Board of Directors taking part in the Control functions and 
the Internal Control Office, the heads of the Internal Control Office, who secretariat the meetings, the Audit 
Department, the Global Risk Department, the Compliance Department, the Monitoring and Supervision 
Department, the Transformation and Development Office, the Credit Monitoring Department and the 
Technology and Data Department, where other participants may be called according to the specific meeting 
agenda. 
(i) 
Committee on the Prevention of Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, Compliance and 
Sanctions 
The Committee for the Prevention of Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism meets generally 
quarterly, with the mission of coordinating and monitoring the implementation of all topics related with the 
prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism that may affect SICAM. It is attended by 
members of the Executive Board of Directors responsible for the Compliance Department and the Business 
Areas, an independent member of the General and Supervisory Board and those responsible for the 
Compliance Department, which secretariats the meetings, of the Monitoring and Supervision Department, 
Audit Department, Retail Department and Companies Department, and representatives of other areas of the 
Issuer or the Associated Caixas, according to the needs and impacts evidenced by the topic under 
discussion. 
(ii) 
Risk Commission 
The Risk Commission meets monthly and its mission is to define, monitor and promote risk management 
policies for the whole Group, in order to guarantee the adequacy of the risk strategy and the compliance 
with the risk exposure defined by the Issuer, with the participation of the Executive Board of Directors and 
those responsible for the Global Risk Department, which is responsible for the meetings, the Monitoring 
and Supervision Department, Credit Risk Department, Credit Monitoring Department, Credit Recovery 
Department, Finance Department, Strategic Planning and Control Department, Audit Department and the 
Compliance Department. 
(i) 
Sustainability Board 
The Sustainability Board was created on 10 February 2022, and generally meets quarterly. Its mission is to 
strengthen the Group’s positive impact, through research and development of socially conscious and 
environmentally responsible financial products, taking an active role in the promotion of sustainable 
financial practices in several of the Issuer’s activity areas, as well as in the internal transformation that may 
be required for the Group to become an organisation that leads by example, through guiding its operations 
by inclusion principles. The Sustainability Council’s Internal Regulation was approved on 10 February 
2022 and amended on 28 September 2022, in order to update its composition. It is attended by the members 
of the Executive Board of Directors responsible for the Financial Sustainability and Risk Areas, as well as 
by those responsible for the Sustainability Office (as secretary), the Communication and Institutional 
Relations Office, the Strategic Planning and Management Control Department, the Financial Department, 
the Credit Risk Department, the Global Risk Department, the Strategic Marketing Department and the 
Products Department. Those responsible for the Central Human Resources Department, the Logistics, 
Support and Purchasing Department, the Innovation and Digital Department, and Crédito Agrícola Serviços, 
Centro de Serviços Partilhados, ACE may also attend. The chair is the Executive Board Member responsible 
for the Sustainability Department. 
(i) 
Annual Prioritisation Committee 
The Annual Prioritisation Committee was set up on 1 August 2023 and its mission is to plan and approve 
IT initiatives as well as to define the capacity allocation of the Grupo Crédito Agrícola's IS/IT structures 
and budget, i) annual management of IS/IT Demand; ii) management of the Group's data; iii) monitoring 
of the Annual IS/IT Plan (i.e. retrospective of the previous year) and iv) monitoring and management of 
installed IS/IT capacity. The Committee is made up of all the members of Caixa Central's Executive Board 
of Directors, Caixa Central's Chief Technology Officer (CTO), who also performs secretarial duties for the 
Committee's meetings, a member of the Board of Directors of CA Serviços/CA Informática (optional), the 
Head of Technology and Architecture Department (DTA), that currently performs the duties of CTO, the 
IT Business Partners (by vertical), the Head of the Strategic Planning and Management Control Department 
(DPEC), the Head of the Operations and Transformation Department (DOT) – Transformation and Agility

--- Page 144 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Area, the Director of the Verticals of CA Serviços, the L1 and L2 Directors of the initiatives to be prioritised, 
and other participants to be defined according to the agenda. 
The Annual Prioritisation Committee meets annually in October. 
(i) 
Quarterly Prioritisation Committee 
The Prioritisation Committees were set up on 1 August 2023 with the mission of planning and approve IT 
demand on a quarterly basis and carried out at the level of each delivery vertical, namely i) monitoring the 
amounts paid of the previous cycle and the expected impact versus objectives; ii) prioritising initiatives to 
be delivered during the following cycle; iii) identifying and prioritising initiatives that are transversal in 
nature, i.e. that compete with the capacity of multiple verticals; iv) identifying and prioritising urgent IT 
demands; and v) allocating initiatives to IS/IT teams. The Committee is expected to meet every quarter and 
is composed by the members of Caixa Central's Executive Board of Directors, Caixa Central's Chief 
Technology Officer (CTO), which will also act as secretary for the Committee's meetings, a member of the 
Board of Directors of CA Serviços/CA Informática (optional), the Head of Technology and Architecture 
Department (DTA), that currently performs the duties of CTO, the IT Business Partners (from the respective 
vertical), the Head of the Strategic Planning and Management Control Department (DPEC), the head of the 
Operations and Transformation Department (DOT) – Transformation and Agility Area, the Director of the 
CA Services Verticals, the L1 and L2 Directors of the initiatives to be prioritised, the Product Owners of 
the initiatives to be prioritised, and other participants to be defined according to the agenda. 
(i) 
Career Development Committee 
The Career Development Committee was set up on 1 August 2023, within the scope of Caixa Central's 
Career Management Model, as part of the Transformation Programme, the implementation of which has 
been underway since the beginning of 2024. The Committee's mission is to decide on the career 
development of Caixa Central employees, analysing the motivational and technical assessment, skills and 
qualifications of employees, in order to make fair and consistent decisions regarding career advancement. 
The Committee also examines individual merits, considers the opportunities available and the needs of the 
organisation, and issues recommendations or decisions on internal promotions. Its aim is to guarantee a 
transparent and impartial process, contributing to the professional growth of employees and the 
achievement of Caixa Central's strategic objectives. It is planned that the Career Development Committee 
will hold meetings every six months, with its permanent members comprising the member of the Executive 
Board of Directors responsible for the Central Human Resources Department (DCRH) and the person in 
charge of that department. Rotating members of the Committee may also include the member of the 
Executive Board of Directors responsible for each area (depending on the employees whose promotion is 
being analysed), the Director of each area (depending on the employees whose promotion is being analysed) 
and the Heads of adjacent areas (optional). 
(i) 
Crisis Planning Committee 
The Crisis Planning Committee was created on 12 December 2023, with the mission of monitoring and 
preparing the Crédito Agrícola Group for crisis management. In the context of day-to-day operations 
(business as usual or BaU), the Committee's mission is to define and monitor the plan of initiatives related 
to Resolvability, Business Continuity and Recovery, as well as to approve and disseminate the regulatory 
instruments and guidelines related to these issues. The Committee includes the members of the Executive 
Board of Directors responsible for the Strategic Planning and Management Control Division (DPEC) and 
the Banking Security Division (DSB), as well as members of the Executive Board of Directors responsible 
for the participating structures, with responsibility for the matters scheduled for consideration at each 
meeting; the Head of the Strategic Planning and Management Control Division (DPEC) (mandatory) and 
the Head of the Banking Security Division (DSB) (mandatory), the Head of the Operations and 
Transformation Department, the Head of Architecture and Technology Department, with the participation 
of the heads of other structures in accordance with the items on the agenda, and the General and Supervisory 
Board may participate as an observer by appointing one of its members. The Committee is convened by the 
Strategic Planning and Management Control Department (DPEC), which is the secretary of the Committee 
for Resolvability and Recovery aspects, and the Banking Security Department (DSB) for aspects related to 
operational continuity. 
The Committee meets quarterly.

--- Page 145 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Advisory Boards and Committees: 
(i) 
Data Protection Committee 
The Data Protection Committee was created on 24 August 2023. The Committee is a consultative forum 
whose mission is to promote knowledge, debate and transversal follow-up on initiatives and issues aimed 
at ensuring compliance with data protection law within the Group. The members of the Committee are: the 
members of the Executive Board of Directors, including the member of the Executive Board of Directors 
responsible for the Data Protection Office; the Data Protection Officer (DPO), who acts as secretary to the 
Committee; the Chief Technology Officer (CTO); the Chief Data Officer (CDO); the Chief Information 
Security Officer (CISO); the Banking Security Department (DSB); the Technology and Architecture 
Department (DTA); the Data and Intelligence Department (DDI); Omnichannel Department (DOC); 
Compliance Department (DC); Legal Affairs Department (DAJ); Global Risk Department (DRG); Central 
Human Resources Department (DCRH); Monitoring and Supervision Department (DAS); Operations and 
Transformation Department (DOT); Retail Business Department (DNR); Corporate Business Management 
Department (DGNE); Payments Department (DMP). The Audit Department (DA) is also a member of the 
Committee, with observer status, while the General and Supervisory Board (CGS) may participate, also 
with observer status, by appointing one of its members. 
The Committee meets usually every semester. 
General and Supervisory Board 
The General and Supervisory Board is the Issuer's supervisory body. Without prejudice to the other 
provisions of the Law and the Articles of Association, General and Supervisory Board’s responsibilities are 
to: 
(i) 
approve its operating regulations; 
(ii) 
supervise and monitor actions and decision-making in management matters, namely, to monitor 
and analyse the individual and collective performance of the Executive Board of Directors, as well 
as its decisions; 
(iii) 
monitor the implementation of the Issuer's risk culture and policy; 
(iv) 
monitor the execution of the internal audit plan, after previous involvement of the Risk Committee 
and the Commission for Financial Matters; 
(v) 
supervise the integrity of financial information and reporting, as well as the control system, 
including a framework for sound and effective risk management; 
(vi) 
provide an opinion on the credit risk policies to be followed by the Executive Board of Directors 
and supervise and monitor their execution; 
(vii) 
supervise the application of the Code of Conduct and the Conflict of Interest Prevention Policy; 
(viii) 
give an opinion on the proposals for activity plans and budgets of the Issuer, SICAM and the Group 
for the following year; 
(ix) 
give prior consent on the acquisition, sale and encumbrance of properties, which form part of the 
Issuer's permanent fixed assets and holdings referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 3 of the Articles 
of Association; 
(x) 
provide prior consent on the issuance of bonds and other negotiable debt securities; 
(xi) 
give an opinion on the measures necessary to guarantee the solvency and liquidity of SICAM and 
its Associated Caixas and of the Group, proposed by the Executive Board of Directors and to 
supervise and monitor their execution; 
(xii) 
give an opinion on the measures necessary to satisfy the rights of SICAM's creditors, under the 
terms of Section VIII of Chapter VI of the Articles of Association, proposed by the Executive 
Board of Directors and to supervise their execution;

--- Page 146 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
(xiii) 
provide an opinion on the general guidelines for the management of the Issuer's liquidity from the 
surpluses deposited there by the associates and supervise and monitor its execution; 
(xiv) 
give an opinion on the guidelines and general rules provided for in Section II of Chapter VI of the 
Articles of Association and to supervise their execution; 
(xv) 
give an opinion on the inspection measures and on the intervention in the management of the 
associates, proposed by the Executive Board of Directors; 
(xvi) 
give an opinion on the special registration at Bank of Portugal of members of the management and 
supervisory bodies of the associates, under the provisions of Article 10 of the RJCAM; 
(xvii) 
suspend associates from exercising their rights; 
(xviii) 
apply to associates the sanctions provided for in the Articles of Association in case of 
noncompliance with the rules, guidelines, or binding recommendations, on the proposal of the 
Executive Board of Directors; 
(xix) 
perform the duties assigned to it within the scope of the Policy on Whistleblowing; 
(xx) 
ensure that those responsible for internal control functions are able to act independently; 
(xxi) 
designate and reappoint members to be a part of the Assessment Committee of Caixa Central; and 
(xxii) 
create the Commission and the Committees referred to in Article 28 of the Articles of Association, 
designate their members as well as create mechanisms to guarantee their internal functioning, 
discriminating the role, composition and tasks of each one of them, as well as the flow of adequate 
information, approving their respective operating regulations. 
The General and Supervisory Board is composed of nine members, the majority of whom, including its 
Chairman and Deputy Chairman, must be independent and qualified natural persons, under the terms 
defined in the applicable regulations and guidelines and in the law that at each moment is in force, and 
neither of them can represent and/or be appointed by the Associated Caixas. 
The other members of the General and Supervisory Board may be the Associated Caixas, who may be 
elected to the position on a rotating basis by designating a natural person to exercise the position 
individually. 
The Chairman or whoever replaces him is given the casting vote in the deliberations of the General and 
Supervisory Board, as expressed in paragraph 5 of Article 27 of the Articles of Association. 
The Internal Regulations of the General and Supervisory Board, approved on 17 February 2020 and 
amended on 15 February 2021, are available for consultation on Crédito Agrícola's institutional website 
(http://www.creditoagricola.pt). 
The following table indicates the current members of the General and Supervisory Board for the mandate 
2022-2024, their positions as well as the principal activities outside of the Issuer: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Ricardo Filipe de Frias 
Pinheiro 
Chairman 
• 
Managing 
partner 
(sócio 
gerente) 
of 
Companhia Agrícola da Assencada, Lda, since 
2017; 
 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Statusdesafio Capital - Sociedade Gestora de 
Organismos de Investimento Colectivo, S.A. 
(formerly ECS - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos 
de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A.), since 2019 
 
 
• 
Member of the Audit Committee of El Corte 
Inglés – Grandes Armazéns, SA, since 2022.

--- Page 147 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa, since 2024 
Vítor Fernando da Conceição 
Gonçalves 
Deputy 
Chairman 
• 
Professor 
(Professor 
Catedrático) 
of 
Management at ISEG – Instituto Superior de 
Economia e Gestão, Universidade de Lisboa, 
since 1994, being Chairman of ADVANCE – 
Centro de Investigação Avançada em Gestão, 
since 2018; 
 
 
• 
Director of Vigongest, Lda., since 2001; 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Audit Committee of Fundação 
EDP, since 2008; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Fundação Luso-Brasileira, since 2024; 
João Luís Correia Duque 
Independent 
Member 
• 
President of the Instituto Superior de Economia 
da Universidade Técnica de Lisboa (ISEG), 
and, ex officio, of the ISEG Management 
Board, since 2022; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Steering Committee of PSI20 
integrated in Euronext Lisbon, since 2009; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Remuneration Committee of 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, since 
2018; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Audit Committee of Novabase – 
Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais, 
SA, since 2021. 
Maria Helena Maio Ferreira 
de Vasconcelos 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Advisor to the Board of Directors of Portugal 
Capital Ventures – Sociedade de Capital de 
Risco, S.A., since 2013; 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Audit Committee of Imprensa 
Nacional - Casa da Moeda, since 2017. 
 
 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Conduril 
- Engenharia, SA, since 2024 
Ana Cristina Louro Ribeiro 
Doutor Simões 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Member of the Audit Committee of LMcapital 
Wealth Management – Sociedade Gestora de 
Patrimónios, SA, since 2021; 
 
 
• 
Member of the Audit Committee of Teixeira 
Duarte, SA, since 2019; 
 
 
• 
Chairwoman of the Audit Committee of 
Novartis Farma – Produtos Farmacêuticos, SA, 
since 2021; 
Lícina do Carmo de Oliveira 
Bugalho 
Non- 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Caixa 
de 
Crédito 
Agrícola 
Mútuo 
da 
Área 
Metropolitana do Porto, CRL, since 2016. 
João Alexandre Moreira 
Laranjeira 
Non- 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Caixa de 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Alcobaça, Cartaxo, 
Nazaré, Rio Maior e Santarém, CRL, since 
2020. 
Orlando José Matos 
Felicíssimo 
Non- 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Caixa de 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Aljustrel e 
Almodôvar, CRL, since 2019;

--- Page 148 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
 
 
• 
Secretary of the Board of the ESDIME General 
Assembly, since 2015. 
Armandino José Barbosa da 
Silva 
Non- 
Independent 
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Caixa de 
Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Vale do Sousa e 
Baixo Tâmega, since 2019. 
 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the General and Supervisory 
Board the Issuer has any external activity relevant for the Issuer other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the General and Supervisory Board, 
their professional domicile is at Rua Castilho, no. 233 – 233A, 1099-004 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Commission and Committees of the General and Supervisory Board 
The General and Supervisory Board has within it the following Commission and Committees, which 
operate with the powers set out in the Law and in the EBA/GL/2021/05, of 2 July Guidelines on Internal 
Governance: 
(i) 
the Commission for Financial Matters which, pursuant to Article 441, paragraph 1, items f) to o), 
ex-vi Article 444, paragraph 2, of the Portuguese Companies Code, has the following legal 
competences: 
(a) 
verify, when deemed convenient and in the manner deemed appropriate, the regularity of 
the books, accounting records and documents that support them, as well as the status of 
any assets or values owned by the institution in any capacity; 
(b) 
check if the accounting policies and valuation criteria adopted by the institution lead to a 
correct assessment of assets and profit or loss; 
(c) 
provide an opinion on the management report and accounts for the financial year; 
(d) 
oversee the effectiveness of the risk management system, the internal control system and 
the internal audit system, if any; 
(e) 
receive reports of irregularities presented by shareholders, employees of the institution or 
others; 
(f) 
supervise the process of preparing and disclosing financial information; 
(g) 
propose to the General Meeting the appointment of the Statutory Auditor; 
(h) 
oversee the auditing of the institution's accountability documents; and 
(i) 
supervise the independence of the Statutory Auditor, namely with regard to the provision 
of additional services, 
(ii) 
the Remuneration Committee with the powers referred to in Article 115-H of the RGICSF, namely: 
(a) 
prepare proposals and recommendations on the setting of remuneration of Supervisory 
Body members, as well as of the employees of the Issuer with the highest total 
remuneration of the Institution, including decisions with implications in terms of risks and 
risk management of the Issuer; 
(b) 
provide all necessary support and make recommendations for the purpose of approving 
the general remuneration policy of the Issuer; 
(c) 
use, in all matters within its competence, internal consultancy services as well as external 
consultancy services, in an appropriate and proportional manner to the size and complexity 
of the Issuer;

--- Page 149 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
(d) 
review the conclusions of any consultancy services it has resorted to under the terms of 
the previous paragraph; and 
(e) 
ensure that, using external consultancy services, no natural or legal person is contracted 
who provides or has provided services to the Issuer, in the previous three years, in relation 
to matters directly under the responsibility of the Executive Board of Directors or that 
have contractual or corporate relations with entities that provide consultancy services to 
the Issuer, a rule that must also be respected as regards natural or legal persons who are 
related to the external consultant through employment or service provision contracts, 
(iii) 
the Risk Committee with the powers referred to in Article 115-L of the RGICSF, namely: 
(a) 
advise the Executive Board of Directors on the risk appetite and general risk, current and 
future, of the credit institution; 
(b) 
assist the Executive Board of Directors in supervising the execution of the credit 
institution's risk strategy by top management; 
(c) 
analyse whether the conditions of the products and services offered to clients take into 
account the business model and risk strategy of the credit institution and submit a 
correction plan to the Executive Board of Directors, when that analysis results in the said 
conditions not adequately reflecting the risks; and 
(d) 
examine whether the incentives established in the credit institution's remuneration policy 
take into account risk, capital, liquidity and expectations regarding profit or loss, including 
income dates, 
In addition to the aforementioned Commission and Committees required by law, the General and 
Supervisory Board created the Supervisory Matters Committee on 18 April 2022, under the terms 
of Article 26 of the Issuer's Articles of Association and by resolution of the same date of the 
General and Supervisory Board elected for the 2022-2024 three-year period. Its powers and 
responsibilities are set out in the respective Internal Regulations: 
(a) 
Supervising the contribution of DAS to the effectiveness and coherence of the internal 
control system in SICAM; 
(b) 
Supervising the performance of DAS, including the respective activity plans and the 
reports issued; 
(c) 
To assess the self-assessment report prepared by DAS, within the scope of the report to 
Banco de Portugal defined in Banco de Portugal Notice no. 3/2020, with reference to 30 
November of each year; 
(d) 
Analysing revisions to the supervision model for the Group, which aims to guide the 
supervision of the Group according to risk and determines the Supervisory Regime to 
which each Associated Caixa will be subject; 
(e) 
Ensuring that those responsible for DAS are able to act independently; 
(f) 
Supervising the monitoring of the Associated Caixas, including those under intervention; 
(g) 
To monitor on-site inspections and inspections of the Associated Caixas, including 
inspection processes due to complaints; 
(h) 
To monitor mergers of member banks; 
(i) 
Monitoring the progress of deficiencies identified in audit reports. 
The Superior Council 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Superior Council is responsible for: 
(i) 
designating and replacing its Chairman;

--- Page 150 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
(ii) 
approving its operating regulations and relations with the other Governing Bodies of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
presenting, on its own initiative, to the Executive Board of Directors and/or the General and 
Supervisory Board, recommendations and suggestions within the scope and tasks of the Issuer, 
namely on: 
(a) 
proposed amendments to the Legal Framework for the Issuer, to be presented by the Issuer; 
(b) 
proposed amendments to the Articles of Association; 
(c) 
the Issuer's guidelines on the Articles of Association of its associates; 
(d) 
the proposal for the Issuer's business plan and budget, business plan and budget for 
SICAM and the Group; 
(e) 
proposals for admission, suspension and/or exclusion of the Issuer's associates; 
(f) 
the proposal for the application of sanctions to associates, pursuant to Section IV of 
Chapter VI of the Issuer's Articles of Association; 
(g) 
the exercise by the Issuer of the powers provided for in paragraph 3 of Article 70 of the 
Issuer's Articles of Association; and 
(h) 
communicate, through recommendations, suggestions or advice, on any other matters 
submitted by the Executive Board of Directors and/or the General and Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article 35 of the Issuer's Articles of Association, the Superior Council is composed of 
a number of members not exceeding fifteen, with nine of its members being elected by the General 
Meeting, from the Associated Caixas not represented on the General and Supervisory Board, on 
the General Meeting Board and on the Assessment Committee, each being responsible for 
designating a natural person to exercise the position in their own name. 
The Superior Council, elected for the 2022-2024 triennium at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 
5 February 2022 is constituted by the following members: 
Chairman 
Afonso de Sousa Marto, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo da 
Batalha, C.R.L. 
Deputy Chairman 
Hélio José de Lemos Rosa, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
de Alenquer, C.R.L. 
Members 
António Manuel Melo Gomes de Sousa, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito 
Agrícola Mútuo dos Açores, C.R.L. 
José Lopes Gonçalves Barbosa, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútuo do Alto Cávado e Basto, C.R.L. 
José Luís Tirapicos Nunes, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
do Alentejo Central, C.R.L. 
José Gonçalves Correia da Silva, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútuo do Noroeste, C.R.L. 
João Gante Gonçalves, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de 
Pombal, C.R.L.

--- Page 151 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Isabel Alexandra Teixeira Cardoso de Abreu, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito 
Agrícola Mútuo de Terras do Sousa, Ave, Basto e Tâmega, C.R.L. 
Magda Cristina Batista Antunes Santolini, appointed by the elected Associated Caixa Caixa de Crédito 
Agrícola Mútuo da Zona do Pinhal, C.R.L. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Superior Council, their professional 
domicile is at Rua Castilho, no. 233 – 233A, 1099-004 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Statutory Auditor 
The current Statutory Auditor of the Group, PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., were elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 28 May 
2022, for the three-year term of office 2022-2024, by unanimity of the votes cast. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. were elected for 
the first time on at the General Meeting of 30 May 2015, for 2015 and reappointed for the three-year terms 
of office of 2016-2018, 2019-2021, and 2022-2024. Therefore, it performs functions consecutively for 10 
years (2015, 2016-2018, 2019-2021, and 2022-2024), having achieved the limit of annual audits.  
As for the Partners representing the current Statutory Auditor, they were first elected for the 2022-2024 
mandate, in accordance with rotation policies adopted in compliance with applicable law. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Group of the persons listed above and 
their private interest or duties. 
The Board of the General Meeting 
In order to direct the work of the General Meeting, it is endowed, under the terms of Article 19 of the 
Articles of Association, with a statutory body, the General Meeting Board, which includes a Chairman, a 
Deputy Chairman and a Secretary, which are elected from among the associates of the Issuer in full 
enjoyment of their rights, and each of the candidate associates is responsible for presenting, from the outset 
and to the election, the natural person who, individually, will exercise the office. 
The Board of the General Meeting of the Issuer, elected for the three-year mandate of 2022-2024 at the 
Extraordinary General Meeting held on 5 February 2022, is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
composed of the following members: 
• 
Chairman: Nuno Carlos Ferreira Carrilho, appointed by Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de 
Terras de Viriato, CRL. 
• 
Deputy Chairman: José Feio dos Santos Soares, appointed by Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo 
de Vila Verde e Terras de Bouro, CRL. 
• 
Secretary: Joaquim Miguel Cruz Mendes, appointed by Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Elvas, 
Campo Maior e Borba, CRL. 
The Assessment Committee 
In compliance with the changes instituted to the RGICSF by Decree-Law no. 157/2014, of 24 October, 
especially in accordance with the provisions of its Article 30-A, the General Meeting of 30 May 2015, on 
the proposal of the Executive Board of Directors, approved the Internal Policy for the Selection and 
Assessment of the Adequacy of the Members of the Management and Supervisory Bodies of the Issuer 
(PISAAMOAF), which defined: 
(i) 
those responsible for the Assessment of Adequacy, appointing an Evaluation Committee for that 
purpose; 
(ii) 
the composition and functioning of the Evaluation Committee; 
(iii) 
the Assessment Policy;

--- Page 152 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
(iv) 
the Initial Assessment procedures; 
(v) 
the Revaluation procedures; 
(vi) 
the specific prevention of conflicts of interest; 
(vii) 
the accumulation of positions; 
(viii) 
gender diversity; and 
(ix) 
professional training. 
PISAAMOAF establishes that the Assessment Committee is made up of three Associated Caixas who do 
not hold any social position in it. The following Associated Caixas were appointed by the General and 
Supervisory Board to be part of that Committee for the 2024-2027 period: 
(i) 
Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Caldas da Rainha, Óbidos e Peniche, C.R.L. 
(ii) 
Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo da Costa Azul, C.R.L. 
(iii) 
Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Oliveira do Bairro, Albergaria e Sever, C.R.L. 
Each of these associates appointed a representative to exercise the position in their own name, with the 
members of the Assessment Committee being currently as follows: 
Chairwoman: 
Cristiana Lopes Lage da Costa Lourenço, appointed by the Associate Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de 
Caldas da Rainha, Óbidos e Peniche, C.R.L. 
Members: 
Ana Maria Nogueira Garcia Rodrigues, appointed by the Associate Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo da 
Costa Azul, C.R.L. 
José Manuel de Sá Santos, appointed by the Associate Caixa de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo de Oliveira do 
Bairro, Albergaria e Sever, C.R.L. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Assessment Committee, their 
professional domicile is at Rua Castilho, no. 233 – 233A, 1099-004 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Conflict of Interests 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge and in its understanding, based on legal requirements and internal 
governance for such cases, there are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties of any member of 
the management and supervision bodies identified above towards the Issuer or towards any other Group 
company and his/her personal interests and duties, that have not been identified and adequately disclosed 
and settled. 
Internal control functions of the Group 
Caixa Central, as SICAM's Central Body, ensures, through its internal control functions, that the activity 
of each of its Associated Caixas de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo are carried out in a sound and prudent manner, 
without compromising the responsibilities of the respective management and supervisory bodies. 
Using the power provided for in Article 50(3) of Banco de Portugal Notice 3/2020 (Notice 3/2020), pursuant 
to which institutions belonging to a financial group may establish shared services for the development of 
the responsibilities assigned to the risk management, compliance and/or internal audit functions, on 11 
November 2021 Caixa Central defined and approved policy on Shared Services of the Issuer, which aims 
to regulate, from its entry into force and starting date in 2022, the provision of the shared services of the 
Internal Audit Function and the Risk Management Function by the complementary group of companies 
(Crédito Agrícola Serviços - Centro de Serviços Partilhados, ACE) to Caixas Agrícolas that are part of 
SICAM, under the guidance, monitoring and supervision powers of Caixa Central. Under the terms defined

--- Page 153 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
in the aforementioned policy on Shared Services of Crédito Agrícola, the shared services of the Internal 
Audit Function and the shared services of the Risk Management Function follow the provisions set out in 
Notice 3/2020 in matters related to the function in question and are based on the provisions of the respective 
policies defined by Caixa Central for SICAM. 
The compliance function is ensured by each of the Caixas Agrícolas, through its Compliance Monitor, with 
the guidance, as well as monitoring and supervision of Caixa Central, through its Compliance Department. 
The process started in January 2022 with the formalisation of the letters of contract for the shared services 
of the Internal Audit Function and the letters of contract for the Risk Management Function, with each of 
the participating Caixas Agrícolas. Without prejudice to the specific powers of each of these functions, with 
regard to the Associated Caixas Agrícolas of Caixa Central, the Monitoring and Supervision Department 
and the Transformation and Development Office perform supplementary control functions, contributing to 
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Internal Control System. 
Finally, the mission of the Internal Control Office of Caixa Central is to manage and monitor the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the Internal Control System, namely the identification, management and promotion of 
the resolution of deficiencies and opportunities for improvement in the internal control system of the Group. 
The other institutions belonging to the Group have their respective control functions in accordance with the 
legislation and regulations governing their respective sectors of activity, namely the insurance sector, asset 
management and collective investment and venture capital bodies. 
Compliance Function 
The Compliance Function is allocated to the Compliance Department of the Issuer, which undertakes the 
functional coordination of the Compliance Function at SICAM, ensuring appropriate compliance with the 
applicable regulations and the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing, and internal and 
external fraud. With a view to accomplishing its mission, the Compliance Department is specifically 
responsible for monitoring legislative and/or regulatory changes, analysing their impact on the business and 
disclosing them so as to ensure their compliance; developing, implementing and carrying out procedures 
that enable preventing money laundering and terrorist financing within SICAM; developing, implementing 
and monitoring control mechanisms that prevent, ensure the timely detection and trigger appropriate 
responses to situations of internal and external fraud directed against the Group or its customers, ensuring 
articulation with the judicial authority. 
The Compliance Function is responsible for ensuring, together with all the other internal control functions, 
the adequacy, the strengthening, and the efficient and harmonious operation of SICAM's internal control 
system. Its purpose is to mitigate risks according to the complexity of its business and disseminate the risk 
and control culture so as to assure compliance with the existing laws and regulations, with a view to 
minimising the risk of incurring legal or regulatory, financial or reputation penalties. 
In view of the defined organisational model, the Compliance Department of the Issuer articulates the tasks 
that are entrusted to it with the Compliance Monitors of the Associated Caixas and Affiliated Companies, 
which are crucial links in the consolidation of the compliance culture and improvement of the internal 
control system. This coordination and organisation enable the adoption of standard practices with regard to 
the identification, interpretation and implementation of legal and regulatory requirements and appropriate 
follow-up and monitoring of the identified risks. 
During 2020, the internal control unit that existed in the Compliance Department was detached from this 
Department, with an Internal Control Office having been created, entrusted with the mission of the 
identification, management, monitoring and addressing the resolution of all improvement opportunities of 
the Group's internal control system, in order to ensure its adequacy and efficacy. 
Risk Management Function 
The Risk Management Function is allocated to the Global Risk Department of the Issuer, which carries out 
the functional coordination of the Risk Management Function at SICAM and the Group. Its mission is to 
develop and support, in an overall and integrated manner, the definition of the risk strategy and the risk 
appetite framework of SICAM and the Group, as well as the definition of the policies and processes 
associated with the risk management system.

--- Page 154 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
In light of the defined organisational model, in articulation with the heads of the Risk Management 
Functions (Risk Officers) of the Associated Caixas, the Global Risk Department of the Issuer conducts an 
integrated risk management strategy defined by the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer, maintaining 
an aggregate and holistic vision of all the risks inherent to the activity of SICAM and the Group. 
The activities developed in this sphere by the Global Risk Department seek to promote an integrated risk 
management culture at SICAM and the Group, where all the Group's employees are bound to perform their 
duties in conformity with the risk tolerance levels defined for the set of indicators comprising the specific 
appetite framework of the Issuer, the Associated Caixas and Affiliated Companies. 
Internal Audit Function 
The Internal Audit Function is allocated to the Audit Department of the Issuer, which as a third line of 
defense carries out the functional coordination of the Internal Control System. Its mission is to contribute 
to the sound and prudent management of the Group and promote an organisational culture based on high 
ethical standards, through a monitoring process composed of all the autonomous, specific, regular or 
exceptional control actions and assessments that are effective and comprehensive, directed at risk, with a 
view to assessing the adequacy and efficacy of the organisational culture and of the governance and internal 
control systems of SICAM, as well as the respective individually considered components, including 
governing bodies and their supporting committees, namely through the detection of deficiencies in the 
design of the controls, including those related to the inexistence of controls, and in their implementation. 
The Internal Audit Function performs at SICAM level: 
• 
monitoring of the activity of the internal auditors of the Associated Caixas, responsible for pursuing 
the internal audit function, reporting functionally to the Audit Department of the Issuer, acting in 
articulation and under a common methodology of SICAM; and 
• 
execution of internal audit activities pursuant to the annual audit plan at the Issuer and Group levels. 
Function of Monitoring, Guidance, Supervision and Overseeing of the Associated Caixas 
In view of the guidance and overseeing functions of the Associated Caixas that task the Issuer under the 
terms of the provisions in Articles 75 and 76 of the RJCAM and also considering the powers vested in the 
Issuer by Article 69 of the RJCAM and by Articles 3(3)(e) and 43(1)(f) and 2 of the Issuer's Articles of 
Association, the Issuer, through the Monitoring and Supervision Department, seeks to ensure, from a 
prudential perspective, the adequacy of the internal governance system and the economic and financial 
sustainability of the Associated Caixas, anticipating scenarios of possible imbalances and ensuring 
compliance with the guidelines defined by the Issuer, in line with best supervision practices and the 
applicable legislation and regulations. 
Accordingly, the Monitoring and Supervision Department is specifically responsible for supervising and 
monitoring the activity of the Associated Caixas, through a series of controls and monitoring indicators, 
aimed at the preventive detection of imbalances in governance or equity and at ensuring compliance with 
the legal provisions of prudential nature and the guidelines of the supervision authorities and the Issuer. 
Monitoring and Supervision Department reports to the Executive Board of Directors and is also responsible 
for the internal fit and proper assessment of Associated Caixas’ board of directors and supervision boards 
as foreseen in article 10 of RJCAM. 
Function of the Transformation and Development Office 
The Transformation and Development Office monitors the situation of the Associated Caixas with levels 
of financial, commercial or operating performance deviating from the guidelines established by the Issuer 
or supervisors, and in assisting in the definition of concrete measures for their mitigation, contributing to 
the adequacy and efficiency of the internal control system of the Associated Caixas. 
The mission of the Transformation and Development Office includes nominating interim board members 
of Associated Caixas with financial assistance by FACAM or intervened (articles 77A and 78 of RJCAM) 
and to promote a quick and effective recovery of Associated Caixas showing financial, commercial, 
operational performance below minimum thresholds and/or other deviating aspects, in order to ensure their 
alignment with the Issuer guidelines, risk profile and to defend SICAM sustainability.

--- Page 155 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Function of the Internal Control Office 
The mission of the Internal Control Office is to manage and monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
Internal Control System, namely the identification, management and promotion of the resolution of all 
deficiencies of the Group. 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of the Internal Control System, and despite the performance of the 
control functions and the Monitoring and Supervision Department, the Internal Control Office is also 
responsible for monitoring the identified weaknesses, ensuring the existence of resolution plans and 
supervising their implementation under the terms set out in the Weaknesses Management Policy. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Governance of risk management 
Pursuant to the established provisions in terms of internal risk policies, the appropriate management of risks 
derived from the activity a priority for the Group, which recognises its decisive impact on the creation of 
value and its fundamental role in the construction of a cohesive and solid internal control system. 
The risk management system is underpinned by a governance model, an organisational structure and 
processes of support and control of risk that assure, at all times, the complete separation between the risk 
origination, management and control functions. In this context, the Risk Management Function provides 
support to the management body and plays an important role in the defence of the Group's financial solidity, 
ensuring the consistency, integration and consolidation of the risks in a portfolio vision and ensuring that 
the organisation as a whole manages the risks within the established limits and rules.

--- Page 156 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Caixa Central has a series of collegiate bodies, instituted by the Executive Board of Directors, that 
intervene in matters of risk management, in particular the Risk Commission and Asset, Liability and 
Capital Committee ("ALCCO") (description in points i.) and xi.) of Executive and Advisory Boards, 
Commissions, Committees and Forums of the Executive Board of Directors, respectively. 
Organisational Model 
The organisation of the Group's risk management system follows the principle of separation of functions, 
ensuring functional separation between the powers and duties of risk origination (or risk-taking) and 
responsibilities dedicated to its strategic management and control. 
The principle referred to above is operationalised through the endorsement of the model of 3 lines of 
defence at the consolidated level and at each Associated Caixa Agrícola. 
Assets, Liabilities and 
Capital Committee 
Credit Boards 
Internal Control 
C
itt
Risk Commission 
Credit Recovery Board 
GCA Scope 
Management Body in its Supervisory Role 
The Board of Directors in its Management Role 
General and Supervisory Board 
Commission for Financial 
Matters 
Executive Board of Directors 
Other Committees / Commissions 
/ Councils 
Non-exhaustive 
Monitoring and 
Supervision Committee 
Risk Committee 
Other Committees / Commissions 
/ Councils

--- Page 157 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
The following figure portrays this model: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
General and Supervisory Board 
Executive Board of Directors 
1
st Line of defence 
2
nd Line of defence 
3
rd Line of defence 
Monitoring, advisory 
and control activities 
Independent 
verification activity 
Business Units 
Support Units 
Risk Management 
Function (DRG) 
Compliance Function 
(DC) 
Internal Audit Function 
(DA) 
Support forums 
GCA – CCCAM 
Daily operational 
management 
Supervisory Board 
Management Board 
1
st Line of defence 
2
nd Line of defence 
3
rd Line of defence 
Common Services Unit / 
Risk Management 
Function Interlocutors 
Internal Audit Function 
Interlocutors 
Support forums 
CCAM 
Independent 
verification activity 
Business Units 
Support Units 
Compliance Monitor 
Daily operational 
management 
Monitoring, advisory 
and control activities 
Monitoring and 
Supervision Function 
(DAS)

--- Page 158 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
The first line of defence is constituted by the business units, with risk-taking being inherent to their activity, 
in which they are particularly responsible for the management of these risks and where this risk-taking is 
constrained by the established limits in force, applicable to each type of risk. It should be stressed that these 
structures (which include the finance department and commercial departments of Caixa Central, the Retail 
Department (DR) and the Corporate Department (DE), also constitute a line of defence of the risk 
management system, in this case, the first line of defence. 
The second line of defence consists of the risk management function and the compliance function 
(Compliance Department or DC). The risk management function is carried out, at the level of Caixa Central, 
by the Global Risk Department (DRG), with its activity supplemented by the duties assigned to the Credit 
Monitoring Department (DAC), in particular with respect to the management of single name credit risk. 
The Global Risk Department has a comprehensive scope of action, including all the risks to which the 
Group may be exposed to, currently or in the future. The main responsibilities and roles of the Global Risk 
Department as the second line of defence involve: 
• 
Identification, assessment, follow-up/monitoring and control of all the risks to which the Institution 
is currently exposed or may be exposed to in the future, in order to ensure that they remain at the 
level defined previously by the management body; 
• 
Provision of advice to the management bodies (in their management (Executive Board of Directors 
or CAE) and supervisory (General Supervisory Board or CGS) functions) on the management of 
these risks, providing complete and accurate information on each of them. 
The Global Risk Department performs its activity in an independent manner, and with full organisational 
and functional separation in relation to the structural units (departments and bureaus), the activity of which 
it monitors and controls. 
In January 2022, the Group implemented the shared service model for the risk management function of the 
Associated Caixas, under a specific provision of Banco de Portugal Notice 3/2020. Thus, the risk 
management function of the Associated Caixas shifted to being carried out by the Shared Services Unit 
integrated in the Global Risk Department: of Caixa Central. 
The third line of defence is provided by the Internal Audit Function (FAI), assigned with the assessment of 
the efficacy and effectiveness of the internal control system of the Group and, in particular, of the risk 
management system. The Internal Audit Function's activity is carried out through risk-oriented internal 
audit work, which naturally prioritises the risk management system. The Internal Audit Function represents 
the last internal line of defence, where its scope of action includes assessment of the way that the first and 
second lines of defence (in particular the Global Risk Department) perform their duties as defence lines. 
Due to the nature of its duties, the Internal Audit Function provides crucially important support to the 
management and supervisory bodies (Executive Board of Directors and General Supervisory Board), 
informing them of the risks covered in their work, and in particular, the detected flaws and opportunities 
for improvement. 
The Internal Audit Function is carried out by the Audit Department where, as is the case of the Risk 
Management Function (FGR), the shared service model has also been adopted, meaning that the Audit 
Department is the internal audit function of each one of the Associated Caixas Agrícolas. 
Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) 
The risk appetite framework (RAF) and its components – the risk appetite statement (RAS) and the risk 
limit management system – constitute the bedrock of the Group’s risk management system. 
Caixa Central’s risk appetite framework is reviewed periodically and includes new risks as appropriate as 
well as additional key risk indicators for monitoring. 
The risk appetite framework (RAF) constitutes a core component of the risk management system, and may 
be described as follows: 
• 
Risk appetite statement (RAS): consists of the definition of the risk levels which the Group is 
willing to tolerate in order to achieve its strategic goals. In practice, it represents the 
operationalisation of the institution's risk profile for the entire set of identified material risks. The

--- Page 159 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
risk appetite statement is subject to ongoing monitoring by the Global Risk Department, being 
submitted on a monthly basis to the Risk Commission; 
• 
The risk appetite statement includes the goals, indicators and tolerance levels for each type of risk, 
and is used to establish limits to risk-taking in the development of the Group's activity. The Global 
Risk Department is responsible for monitoring the real values observed in relation to the 
established goals and tolerance levels (limits), reporting the results to the management bodies; 
• 
The risk limit system ensures the consistency between the business management (risk-taking by 
the first line of defence) and the risk management of the Group. This system of limits also ensures 
the involvement of the business units in the risk management processes, informing them of the 
goals and limits that constrain the development of their business activities; 
• 
The ongoing monitoring of the risk appetite framework is aimed at maintaining the risk levels 
undertaken in the development of the activity in line with the limits in force (risk appetite 
statement); 
• 
In the event that the limits in force are surpassed (referred to as limit breaches), the Global Risk 
Department is responsible for immediately reporting this occurrence, and for urging the first lines 
of defence involved to define measures to be implemented, in order to promote realignment with 
the limits in question (risk appetite statement); 
• 
Limit breaches are reported by the Global Risk Department to the management bodies 
(management and supervisory functions) as well as to the supervision entity.

--- Page 160 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
The diagram below aims to illustrate, in a summarised form, the different components of the risk management system of the Group: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk management principles 
Organizational model 
Regulatory framework 
Corporate model 
Policies and procedures 
Responsibilities framework 
Overall risk management framework 
Strategic overall risk management 
Operational risk management 
Contingent risk management 
Data and infrastructures 
Risk culture 
Items supporting the overall risk management framework 
Monitoring and Supervision 
Risk management system

--- Page 161 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
In view of the particularities of the cooperative system, namely the corporate and commercial autonomy of 
the Caixas Agrícolas and their involvement on the local economy and in the communities in which they 
operate, the risk profile of the SICAM entities is based on a reference profile with its limits and on the 
identification of any adjustment measures when limits are exceeded. 
The Group has established the following general principles for risk management: 
(i) 
Integration of the business and risk strategies; 
(ii) 
The Risk Management Function (FGR) is an essential element of the organisational structure, being 
endowed with independence, autonomy and adequate resources; 
(iii) 
The scope of action of the Risk Management Function is complete; 
(iv) 
The risk appetite framework (RAF) is a central element of the Group's risk management; 
(v) 
The Group's solvency, liquidity and profitability adjusted to the Group's risk, in a framework of 
viability and sustainability of the business model, are fundamental aspects in risk management; 
(vi) 
The risk culture is an important cornerstone of the Group's activities. 
Caixa Central's management and supervisory bodies are ultimately and extensively responsible for the 
Group and define, supervise and are responsible for the application of governance systems in a manner 
ensuring the effective and prudent management of the institution, including the risk management system.

--- Page 162 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group's total own funds incorporating the net income for the year, calculated with the prudential 
requirements under Regulation (EU) 575/ 2013 of 26 June 2013, amounted to €2,359 million as at 31 
December 2023. At the end of 2023, the Group's total capital ratio, including the net income for the year, 
stood at 22.3 per cent., comfortably complying with the prudential requirements on the level of own funds, 
permanently observing them, in conformity with Article 92(1) of Regulation (EU) 575/ 2013. The common 
equity tier 1 ratio also stood at 22.3 per cent. 
Strategic overall 
risk 
management 
Operational risk 
management 
Self-assessment 
of risk profile 
Risk appetite 
framework 
Capital and 
liquidity 
planning 
ICAAP & ILAAP 
Stress test 
programme 
Identification 
and assessment 
Monitoring and 
control 
Reporting and 
information 
provision 
Contingent risk 
management 
Capital and 
Liquidity 
Contingency 
Planning 
Recovery Plan 
Business 
Continuity Plan 
Risk management structure 
Risk management processes 
Risk management structure and processes

--- Page 163 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, 
the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Notes. 
The following descriptions are general summaries of certain taxation matters based on applicable law and 
practice currently in effect in Portugal. Nothing in this section constitutes tax, legal or financial advice, 
and the summaries contained herein are of a general nature and do not cover all aspects of taxation in the 
relevant jurisdictions that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the 
Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications for them of an investment in the 
Notes. 
Portugal 
This section summarises the Portuguese tax rules applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposal of 
the Notes, in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. This section does not analyse the tax implications 
that may indirectly arise from the decision to invest in the Notes, such as those relating to the tax framework 
of financing obtained to support such investment or those pertaining to the counterparties of the potential 
investors, regarding any transaction involving the Notes. 
This section is a general summary of the relevant features of the Portuguese tax system. The summary does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to any 
particular holder, including tax considerations that arise from rules of general application or that are 
generally assumed to be known to any holder. It also does not contain in-depth information about all special 
and exceptional regimes, which may entail tax consequences at variance with those described herewith. 
The tax treatment of each type of potential investor described in each section applies exclusively to that 
type of potential investor. No analogy regarding the tax implications applicable to other type of potential 
investors should be drawn. Potential investors should seek individual advice about the implications of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposal of Notes, in light of their specific circumstances. 
This section does not include any reference to the tax framework applicable in countries other than Portugal. 
The rules of a Convention to prevent Double Taxation ("Convention") may have a bearing on Portuguese 
tax implications. Furthermore, the domestic provisions of other countries may exacerbate or alleviate such 
implications. 
The meaning of the terminology adopted in respect of every technical feature, including the qualification 
of the securities issued as "Notes", the classification of taxable events, the arrangements for taxation and 
potential tax benefits, among others, is the one in force in Portugal as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No other interpretations or meanings, potentially employed in other countries, are considered. 
The tax framework described in this section is subject to any changes in law and practices (and the 
interpretation and application thereof) at any moment. Although according to the Portuguese Constitution 
legislative amendments which increase taxation cannot have retroactive or retrospective effect, there is no 
general prohibition of amendments with such effect. 
General tax regime 
Where no specific tax regime is applicable, e.g. the special debt securities tax regime further described 
below, the tax regime summarised in this section should generally apply. 
Portuguese tax resident individuals (income obtained outside the scope of business or professional 
activities) or individuals with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which income associated with 
the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation.

--- Page 164 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes 
Economic benefits derived from interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other instances of 
remuneration arising from the Notes (including, upon a transfer of the Notes, the interest accrued since the 
last date on which interest was paid), are generally classified as "investment income" for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Such investment income arising to the holders is liable for Personal Income Tax (Imposto sobre o 
Rendimento das Pessoas Singulares or "IRS"). IRS is generally withheld, at a 28 per cent. rate, when the 
income becomes due, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the interest accrued since the last 
date on which the investment income became due), unless in certain circumstances the transfer is made 
between two IRS taxpayers and the income is not imputable to an entrepreneurial or professional activity. 
This represents a final withholding, releasing the holder from the obligation to disclose the above income 
to the Portuguese tax authorities and from the payment of any additional amount of IRS. 
Alternatively, holders may opt for declaring such income in their tax returns, together with the remaining 
items of income derived. In that event, income arising from the ownership of Notes shall be liable for tax 
at the rate resulting from the application of the relevant progressive tax brackets for the year in question, 
currently up to 48 per cent., plus a solidarity tax (taxa adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on 
the portion of the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (2.5 per cent. on the portion of the taxable income 
below €250,000, but exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under the IRS rules may therefore go 
up to 53 per cent., being the tax withheld deemed as a payment on account of the final tax due. Opting to 
declare income arising from the ownership of the Notes on a tax return results in the need to aggregate such 
income with other investment income ordinarily subject to final withholding tax (taxas liberatórias), such 
as other interest and dividends. 
Investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties is subject to a final withholding tax at the rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed in which case general rules apply. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
The annual positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes (and 
other assets set forth in law) for consideration, deducted of the costs necessary and effectively incurred in 
the acquisition and disposal, is taxed at a special 28 per cent. IRS rate. Alternatively, holders of the Notes 
may opt to include the capital gains and losses in their taxable income, together with the remaining items 
of income derived. In that event, the capital gains shall be liable for tax at the rate resulting from the 
application of the relevant progressive tax brackets for the year in question, currently up to 48 per cent., 
plus a solidarity tax (taxa adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on the portion of the taxable 
income exceeding €250,000 (2.5 per cent. on the portion of the taxable income below €250,000, but 
exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under the IRS rules may therefore go up to 53 per cent. 
Opting to declare the balance of gains and losses arising from the disposal of the Notes on a tax return 
results in the need to aggregate such balance with other accretions in wealth (incrementos patrimoniais) 
ordinarily subject to special rates (taxas especiais). 
The balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of the Notes, whether 
positive or negative, may be excluded from IRS, as follows: 
(a) 
10 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period 
exceeding 2 years and up to 5 years; 
(b) 
20 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period of 
5 years up to 8 years; and 
(c) 
30 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period of 
8 years or more. 
Losses arising from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime in the country, territory or region where such counterparty is a tax resident in a 
Blacklisted Jurisdiction are disregarded for purposes of assessing the positive or negative balance referred 
to in the previous paragraph.

--- Page 165 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
If the gains are obtained in the context of a professional or entrepreneurial activity any capital gains and 
losses on the transfer of Notes for a consideration should be included in the computation of corporate and 
professional income and are taxable according to the rules as set forth in the IRS Code for income of 
business and professional nature. 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of 
shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes, is 
mandatorily included in the annual taxable income and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been 
held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains 
and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds €83.696. 
Where the Portuguese resident individual chooses to include the capital gains or losses in their taxable 
income subject to the progressive IRS rates or is obliged to aggregate such income, any capital losses which 
were not offset against capital gains in the relevant tax period may be carried forward for five years and 
offset future capital gains. 
No Portuguese withholding tax is levied on capital gains. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The gratuitous acquisition (per death or in life) of Notes by Portuguese tax resident individuals is liable for 
Portuguese Stamp Tax at a 10 per cent. rate. Spouses or couples under the civil partnership regime, 
ancestors and descendants avail of an exemption from Portuguese Stamp Tax on such acquisitions. 
Non-Portuguese tax resident individuals without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which 
income associated with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes 
Investment income arising to the holders from the Notes is liable for IRS. IRS is withheld, at a 28 per cent. 
rate, when the investment income becomes due, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the 
interest accrued since the last date on which the investment income became due), unless in certain 
circumstances the transfer is made between two IRS taxpayers and the income is not imputable to an 
entrepreneurial or professional activity. This represents a final withholding, releasing the holders from the 
obligation to disclose the above income to the Portuguese tax authorities and from the payment of any 
additional amount of IRS. 
The above rate may be reduced pursuant to a Convention in force between Portugal and the country where 
the owner of the Notes is a resident for tax purposes, provided that both substantial and formal conditions 
on which the application of such benefit depends are duly observed. In broad terms, according to Portuguese 
tax law the formalities consist in filling out a specific official form (Modelo 21-RFI) supplemented with a 
document, issued by the tax authorities of the country of residence of the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
attesting both the tax residency of the beneficiary entity and that this entity is subject to income tax in 
accordance with the Convention. Such specific official form shall be deemed valid for 1 year. 
If the holder is subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, the applicable 
withholding tax rate is 35 per cent. Similarly, the withholding tax rate is increased to 35 per cent. in case 
of payments made to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders on behalf of undisclosed 
third parties, unless the beneficial owner of such income is identified, in which case the general rules apply. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled "Special debt securities tax regime" in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is applicable. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
Capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration should be exempt from IRS as long as 
they qualify as "securities" (valores mobiliários), unless the alienator is resident for tax purposes in a 
Blacklisted Jurisdiction. Furthermore, capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration by

--- Page 166 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
an alienator resident for tax purposes in a country with which there is a Convention in force with Portugal 
may be exempt from taxation, depending on the specific provisions of the Convention. In case the taxable 
event cannot be prevented, the annual positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from 
the disposal of Notes (and other assets set forth in the law) for consideration, deducted of the costs necessary 
and effectively incurred in such disposal, is taxed at a special 28 per cent. IRS rate. Losses arising from 
disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties which are resident in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction are 
disregarded for purposes of assessing the positive or negative balance referred above. 
If resident in an EU Member State or of the EEA with which, in the latter case, there is exchange of tax 
information, and deriving at least 90 per cent. of their income in Portugal, the holders may opt for declaring 
such income in their tax returns, together with the remaining items of income derived (even if outside the 
Portuguese territory, in the latter case for purposes of ascertaining the relevant tax bracket). In that event, 
the capital gains shall be liable for tax at the rate that would result from the application of the relevant 
progressive tax brackets for the year in question, currently up to 48 per cent., plus a solidarity tax (taxa 
adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on the portion of taxable income exceeding €250,000 (2.5 
per cent. on the portion of the taxable income below €250,000, but exceeding €80,000). The progressive 
taxation under the IRS rules may therefore go up to 53 per cent. 
The balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of the Notes, whether 
positive or negative, may be excluded from IRS, as follows: 
(a) 
10 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period 
exceeding 2 years and up to 5 years; 
(b) 
20 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period of 
5 years up to 8 years; and 
(c) 
30 per cent. of the income is excluded from taxation if the Notes are held for a period of 
8 years or more. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled "Special debt securities tax regime" in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is applicable. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The gratuitous acquisition (per death or in life) of Notes by non-Portuguese tax resident individuals is not 
liable for Portuguese Stamp Tax. 
Corporate entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal or non-Portuguese tax resident entities with 
a permanent establishment to which income associated with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes 
Investment income arising to holders from the Notes is liable for Corporate Income Tax (Imposto sobre o 
Rendimento das Pessoas Colectivas or "IRC"). IRC is withheld, at a 25 per cent. rate, when the investment 
income becomes due, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the interest accrued since the last 
date on which the investment income became due), except where the holder is either a Portuguese resident 
financial institution (or a non-resident financial institution having a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which income is imputable) or otherwise benefits from a reduction or a withholding 
tax exemption as specified by current Portuguese tax law. 
This withholding represents an advance payment on account of the final IRC liability. IRC is levied on the 
taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) at a rate of 20 per cent., 
16 per cent. on the first €50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized or small mid cap enterprises, as defined 
by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU, or 12.5 per cent. on the first €50,000 in the case of 
small, medium-sized or small mid cap enterprises, as defined by law and subject to the de minimis rule of 
the EU, that qualify as start-up pursuant to the terms foreseen in Law No. 21/2023, of 25 May, and that 
cumulatively meet the conditions established in Article 2(1)(f) of this Law. A municipal surcharge, at

--- Page 167 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
variable rates according to the decision of the municipal bodies, up to 1.5 per cent. of the taxable profit, 
may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject to a State surcharge of 3 per cent., on the 
portion of the taxable income from €1,500,000.00 to €7,500,000.00, of 5 per cent., on the portion of the 
taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or of 9 per cent. on the portion of the taxable income 
exceeding €35,000,000.00. 
Investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties is subject to a final withholding tax at the rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case general rules apply. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax, partially or entirely, on investment income of the issuer made 
available to taxpayers globally exempt from IRC (for instance:  the Portuguese State and other corporate 
entities subject to administrative law; corporate entities recognised as having public interest and charities; 
pension funds; retirement savings funds, education savings funds and retirement and education savings 
funds; and venture capital funds, provided that, with respect to all the above funds, they are organised and 
operate in accordance with Portuguese law) or which benefit from a total or partial exemption or waiver 
(for instance: collective investment undertakings) on the investment income made available by the Issuer, 
assuming that proof of such exemption is presented to the entity responsible for the payment. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
Capital gains and capital losses are taken into consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit 
for IRC purposes. IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses 
carried forward) at a rate of 20 per cent.,16 per cent. on the first €50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized 
or small mid cap enterprises, as defined by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU, or 12.5 per 
cent. on the first €50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized or small mid cap enterprises, as defined by 
law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU, that qualify as start-up pursuant to the terms foreseen in 
Law No. 21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively meet the conditions established in Article 2(1)(f) of 
this Law. A municipal surcharge, at variable rates according to the decision of the municipal bodies, up to 
1.5 per cent. of the taxable profit may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject to a State 
surcharge of 3 per cent., on the portion of the taxable income from €1,500,000.00 to €7,500,000.00, of 5 
per cent., on the portion of the taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or of 9 per cent. on 
the portion of the taxable income exceeding €35,000,000.00. 
No Portuguese withholding tax is levied on capital gains. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The positive net variation in worth (variação patrimonial positiva), not reflected in the profit and loss 
account of the financial year, arising from the gratuitous transfer of Notes to Portuguese tax resident 
corporate entities liable for IRC, even if exempt therefrom, or to permanent establishments to which it is 
imputable, is taken into consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit for IRC purposes. 
IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) 
at a rate of 20 per cent., 16 per cent. on the first €50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized or small mid 
cap enterprises, as defined by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU, or 12.5 per cent. on the first 
€50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized or small mid cap enterprises, as defined by law and subject to 
the de minimis rule of the EU, that qualify as start-up pursuant to the terms foreseen in Law No. 21/2023, 
of 25 May, and that cumulatively meet the conditions established in Article 2(1)(f) of this Law. A municipal 
surcharge, at variable rates according to the decision of the municipal bodies, up to 1.5 per cent. of the 
taxable profit, may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject to a State surcharge of 3 per 
cent., on the portion of the taxable income from €1,500,000.00 to €7,500,000.00, of 5 per cent., on the 
portion of the taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or of 9 per cent. on the portion of the 
taxable income exceeding €35,000,000.00. 
Corporate entities not resident for tax purposes in Portugal and without a permanent establishment 
to which income associated with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation.

--- Page 168 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes 
Investment income arising to the holders from the Notes is liable for IRC. IRC is withheld, at a 25 per cent. 
rate, when the investment income becomes due, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the 
interest accrued since the last date on which the investment income became due). This represents a final 
withholding, releasing the holders from the obligation to disclose the above income to the Portuguese tax 
authorities and from the payment of any additional amount of IRC. If the holder is an entity with domicile, 
legal seat or place of effective management in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, the withholding tax rate is 
increased to 35 per cent. Similarly, the withholding tax rate is increased to 35 per cent. in case of payments 
made to accounts opened in the name of one or more account holders but on behalf of undisclosed third 
parties, unless the beneficial owner of such income is identified, in which case the standard rules apply. 
The 25 per cent. withholding tax rate referred above may be reduced pursuant to a Convention in force 
between Portugal and the country where the owner of the Notes is a resident for tax purposes, provided 
that both substantial and formal conditions on which the application of such benefit depends are duly 
observed. In broad terms, according to Portuguese tax law the formalities consist in filling out a specific 
official form (Modelo 21-RFI) supplemented with a document issued by the tax authorities of the country 
of residence of the beneficial owner of the Notes attesting both the tax residency of the beneficiary entity 
and that this entity is subject to tax in accordance with the Convention. Such specific official form shall be 
deemed valid for 1 year. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled "Special debt securities tax regime" in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is applicable. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
Capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration should be exempt from taxation as long 
as they qualify as "securities" (valores mobiliários), unless (i) the alienator is a tax resident in a Blacklisted 
Jurisdiction, or (ii) more than 25 per cent. of the non resident entity's capital is held by a resident person 
(except if the disposing entity complies with the legally established conditions and requirements). 
Furthermore, capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration by an alienator resident for 
tax purposes in a country with which there is a Convention in force with Portugal may be exempt from 
taxation, depending on the specific provisions of the Convention. 
In case the taxable event cannot be prevented, capital gains and capital losses are taken into consideration 
for purposes of computing the taxable profit for IRC purposes. The profit will be taxed at a 25 per cent. 
IRC rate, but a deduction of the costs necessary and effectively incurred in the relevant disposals is 
available. 
Losses arising from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties with domicile, legal seat or place 
of effective management in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, are disregarded for purposes of assessing the positive 
or negative balance referred to in the previous paragraph. 
No Portuguese withholding tax is levied on capital gains. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled "Special debt securities tax regime" in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is available. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The positive variation in worth (variação patrimonial positiva) arising from the gratuitous acquisition of 
Notes by corporate entities not resident for tax purposes in Portugal and without a permanent establishment 
to which they are imputable is taxed at a 25 per cent. rate, but may be excluded from taxation where there 
is a Convention in force with Portugal, depending on the specific provisions of the Convention. 
Special debt securities tax regime 
Overview 
Under the STRIDS investment income arising from and capital gains obtained on the disposal of the Notes, 
as securities integrated in a centralised system managed by Portuguese resident entities such as the Central 
de Valores Mobiliários, managed by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e Sistemas

--- Page 169 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., may be exempt from tax, provided that the following 
requirements are cumulatively met: 
(a) 
the beneficial owners have no residence, head office, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable; and 
(b) 
the beneficial owners are either (i) central banks and government agencies; or (ii) international 
organisations recognised by the Portuguese state; or (iii) entities resident in a country or jurisdiction 
with which Portugal has entered into a Convention or a Tax Information Exchange Agreement 
("TIEA") currently in force; or (iv) other non–resident entities which are not resident in a 
Blacklisted Jurisdiction. Beneficial owners resident in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction may still qualify 
if a Convention or a TIEA between Portugal and such jurisdiction is in force (which is the case of 
some of the most commonly used offshore jurisdictions). 
In order to apply, the STRIDS requires completion of certain procedures and certifications providing 
evidence of the non-resident status of the beneficial owner of the Notes. Under these rules, the direct register 
entity is to obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident 
entity entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the proof of non-residence should be provided to, and 
received by, the direct register entities prior to the relevant date of payment of any interest (or prior to the 
redemption date, as applicable), or prior to their transfer, as the case may be. 
A general description of the rules and procedures on the evidence required for the exemption to apply at 
source is set out below with respect to domestic cleared notes such as the Notes. 
The beneficial owner of the Notes must provide proof of non-residence in the Portuguese territory 
substantially in the following terms: 
(i) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an 
international organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued 
by the beneficial owner itself, duly signed and authenticated or evidenced pursuant to paragraph 
(ii) or (iv) below; 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an insurance 
company domiciled in any Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") 
country or in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a Convention, and is 
subject to a special supervision regime or administrative registration, certification shall be made 
by means of the following: (a) its tax identification; or (b) a certificate issued by the entity 
responsible for such supervision or registration confirming the legal existence of the beneficial 
owner and its domicile; or (c) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has 
entered into a Convention or TIEA, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following 
documents: (a) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or 
supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence and the law of its incorporation; 
or (b) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (a) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (b) a document issued by the relevant 
Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; or (c) a document specifically issued by an 
official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only indirectly 
possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) is 
not acceptable. 
There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, in 
particular that the beneficial owner of the Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up until three months after the date on 
which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a three-year period, counting from 
the date such document is issued. The beneficial owner of the Notes must inform the register entity 
immediately of any change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying. For the cases mentioned in

--- Page 170 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, proof of non-residence is required only once, the beneficial owner having to 
inform the register entity of any changes that impact the entitlement to the exemption. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the STRIDS, if the above rules and procedures are 
not followed. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions shall apply. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the STRIDS, whereby the refund claim is to be 
submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Notes within six months from the date the 
withholding took place. 
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed to the Portuguese tax 
authorities within two years from the end of the year in which the tax was withheld. The refund is to be 
made within three months, after which interest is due. 
The form currently applicable for the above purposes were approved by Order (Despacho) no. 2937/2014 
of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in the Portuguese official gazette, 2nd series, 
No. 37, of 21 February 2014 and may be available for viewing and downloading at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and instruments characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding ("grandfathered instruments") unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional 
instruments that are not distinguishable from previously issued grandfathered instruments are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all instruments, including the grandfathered instruments, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay Additional Amounts as a result of 
the withholding.

--- Page 171 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
The Arranger and the Dealers have, in a dealer agreement (as may be amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") dated 13 January 2025, agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe for Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes and Clearing System" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger and the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons of any 
identifiable Tranche of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulations S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer that is participating in the offering of such Notes may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every subsequent purchaser 
of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: (a) the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S; and (b) this Note has not been and will not 
be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the 
United States except pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, undertake and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 172 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
under the Programme will be required to represent, undertake and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered or filed 
with or approved by the Portuguese Securities Exchange Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários ("CMVM")) nor has a prospectus recognition procedure been commenced with the CMVM. 
The Notes may not be and will not be offered in Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a 
public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-
Law no. 486/99 of 13 November (as amended and restated from time to time) (or under any legislation 
which may replace or complement it in this respect, from time to time) unless the requirements and 
provisions applicable to the public offering in Portugal are met and the above mentioned registration, filing, 
approval or recognition procedure is made. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not 
directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered 
investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any 
action, offer, advertise, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any 
Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the 
Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect, 
from time to time), notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals 
or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the 
case may be; (ii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed, and will not distribute, 
make available or cause to be distributed, this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes to the public in Portugal; and (iii) it will comply with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, the Prospectus Regulation, any delegated acts published in connection with the Prospectus 
Regulation which are in force at any determined time and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all 
relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect 
of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including compliance with the 
rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that such placement 
shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or

--- Page 173 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
"Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulation, all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as 
amended from time to time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the

--- Page 174 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases 
at its own expense.

--- Page 175 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Caixa Central - Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo, C.R.L. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900H2MBEC07BLTB26 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the

--- Page 176 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
"EUWA")][EUWA]; [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive")][the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK MiFIR")][the UK MiFIR][; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation")]. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded][Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]3 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 January 2025 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation")][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.]4 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus are available for inspection at the office of the Issuer [and on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list]. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Caixa Central - Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútuo, C.R.L. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination[(s)]: 
[●] 
 
3 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
4 
Delete this statement and any other references to the Prospectus Regulation in these Final Terms in the case of an issuance of 
unlisted Notes and an issuance of Notes which will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 177 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
[specify month and year]]5 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[●] per cent. Reset Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate 
Notes] 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their principal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options:  
[Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes] 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date[(s)]: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
5 
No Notes with a maturity of less than 398 days will be issued pursuant to the Programme.

--- Page 178 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Reset Note Interest Payment 
Date[(s)]: 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending on 
[●] 
 
(v) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Subsequent Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre[(s)]: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Reference Bond] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Duration:  
[Fixed Leg Swap Duration/[●]] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset Rate Time:  
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xvi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)] 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Adjusted 
Business 
Day

--- Page 179 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
Convention/Preceding Adjusted Business Day 
Convention]6 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]  
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in 
terms and conditions] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
6 
Interest periods should be adjusted in case any business day convention other than the Following Business Day convention is used, 
in light of ECB Guidance on AMI/SeCo CA Standard 6. As of November 2023, in order to be compliant with the Single Collateral 
Management Rulebook for Europe Guidance – Corporate Actions Standard 6, Interbolsa can only accept securities with the 
business day conventions other than the Following Business Day Convention if the corresponding interest periods are adjusted 
accordingly.

--- Page 180 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent./Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[As per Condition 4(e)] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
19. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
 [As per Condition 4(f)] 
 
 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
 
 
[Maximum period: [●] days]  
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Specified Denomination payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons[, on a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event] 
or on event of default (as described in 
Condition 6): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[[Amortised 
Face Amount] [Amortised Face Amount for Zero 
Coupon Note]] 
22. 
Loss 
Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. [Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date [and place] of 
payment, and not the end date of the interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(ix) and 
16(vi) relate]]

--- Page 181 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 182 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [●]. No assurance can be given that such 
listing will be maintained/Not Applicable]. 
 
[(ii) 
[Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally:] 
 
 
The Notes are expected to be rated [●] by [•] [on or 
shortly after the Issue Date]. 
 
 
No assurance can be given that such rating will be 
obtained and/or retained. 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(1060/2009) ("EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") disclosure) 
 
 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be 
found at (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
Estimated Net Proceeds  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 183 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[Green 
Notes/ 
Social 
Notes/ 
Sustainability 
Notes]/[General Business Purposes]/[●] [Note: TBC] 
Give details if different from the "Use of Proceeds" 
section in the Base Prospectus. 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not 
Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Trade Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be registered with 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity of securities settlement 
system and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during

--- Page 184 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
7. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] TEFRA Not Applicable 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)]

--- Page 185 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the General Assembly of the 
Issuer dated 21 December 2024 and by a resolution of the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
9 January 2025, respectively. 
Approval and Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Market. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
No significant material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 30 September 2024. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 
2023. 
Litigation 
The Group is not, and has not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Clearing systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The address of 
Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, no. 3433, 4100-138, Porto, Portugal. The address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any Alternative Clearing System will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 529900H2MBEC07BLTB26. 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available at the website of the Issuer (https://www.creditoagricola.pt/investor-relations-en): 
(a) 
the Instrument; 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023; 
(d) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022; 
(e) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the nine months ended 30 
September 2024;

--- Page 186 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
each Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus) and the Final Terms for Notes 
that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents 
of the Issuer's website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly 
linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should not rely on such information. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial periods ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and have been audited in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards issued by the Institute of Statutory Auditors, and have been reported 
on without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, Lda. ("PwC"), with registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1, 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal, registered with the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with number 183 and with CMVM under number 20161485, represented by 
Carlos José Figueiredo Rodrigues (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 1737 and with 
the CMVM under number 20161347. 
The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the nine-months ended 
30 September 2024 were subject to a limited review by PwC. The Executive Board of Directors of the 
Issuer have prepared its unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2024 in accordance with IFRS and have been reported on without qualification by PwC, with 
registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal, 
registered with the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) 
with number 183 and with CMVM under number 20161485, represented by Carlos José Figueiredo 
Rodrigues (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 1737 and with the CMVM under 
number 20161347.  
Listing agent 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Conditions for determining price 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary 
fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in 
the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

--- Page 187 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to 
customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 188 ---
THE ISSUER 
Caixa Central – Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo, C.R.L. 
Rua Castilho, 233/233A 
1099-004 Lisbon 
Portugal 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 One Canada Square, 44th Floor,  
Canary Wharf,  
London E14 5AA 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad del Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid, Spain 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 7-11,  
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands                         
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany

--- Page 189 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English Law 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese Law 
 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & 
Associados, SP, RL 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Pricewaterhouse Coopers & Associados 
– Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, number 1- 3rd 
1069-316 Lisbon 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2, D02 PR50 
Ireland